===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lacey, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] For those participating in the Q&A, you will have the opportunity to ask one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Thank you. Erin Linnihan, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Lacey. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s first quarter 2025 conference call. Today, I’m joined by our President and CEO, Chris O’Herlihy; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we will discuss ITW’s first quarter financial results and provide an update on our outlook for full-year 2025. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company’s 2024 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Chris O’Herlihy. Chris?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release this morning, ITW delivered a solid start to the year as we outperformed our underlying end markets with flat organic growth on an equal days’ basis in a steady demand environment. We continue to execute well in controlling the controllables as enterprise initiatives contributed 120 basis points to operating margins of 24.8%. In addition, GAAP EPS of $2.38 came in ahead of our planned expectations. Importantly, we continue to make progress on our next phase key strategic priorities as we remain laser focused on building above market organic growth fueled by customer backed innovation into a defining ITW strength on par with our world class financial and operational capabilities. As we’ve said many times before, ITW is built to outperform in uncertain and volatile environments because of the unique advantages that we derive from our powerful ITW business model, our diversified portfolio of differentiated products and services, our decentralized close to the customer structure and our considerable financial strength. In addition, when it comes to tariffs, we believe that ITW is better positioned than most as the tariff impact is largely mitigated by our 90% plus “produce where we sell” manufacturing strategy. That said, ITW is obviously not immune to tariffs and our people are reading and reacting rapidly and decisively, working closely with our suppliers and customers to mitigate the impact of tariff increases. These strategic adjustments and ongoing pricing actions are projected to offset the cost impact of tariffs and therefore be EPS neutral or better by year-end. Looking forward and based on what we know today, we are maintaining our EPS guidance for the year without incorporating the upside from our first quarter results and more favorable foreign exchange rates. While the impact of tariffs and customer demand is obviously not known at this stage and uncertainties remain, we will continue to leverage our financial strength to remain invested in the focused execution of our long-term strategy. In concluding my remarks, I extend my sincere gratitude to our global ITW colleagues for their unwavering dedication to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Michael, to provide more detail on the quarter as well as our guidance for 2025. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In Q1, the ITW team delivered a solid start to the year, both operationally and financially. Starting with the topline, organic growth was down 1.6% as expected. On an equal days’ basis, organic revenue was flat to the prior year, which had one additional shipping day. Foreign currency translation reduced revenue by 1.8% and total revenue was down 3.4%. Product line simplification reduced revenue by 50 basis points in the quarter. Of note, we did not experience a meaningful impact from customers pulling forward orders from Q2 into Q1. On the bottom line, the ITW team continued to focus and execute well on the things that we can control, as evidenced by enterprise initiatives, which contributed 120 basis points and free cash flow of $496 million with a conversion rate of 71%. Operating margin was 24.8% as enterprise initiatives were offset by operating leverage, higher restructuring expenses related to 80/20 Front-to-Back projects and other one-time items. The margin decline year-over-year was due primarily to the non-repeat of a 300 basis points LIFO inventory accounting benefit last year. We are projecting that margins will continue to improve sequentially from here in every segment and at the enterprise level as we go through the year, which is in-line with our historical pattern and supported by meaningful contributions from enterprise initiatives that are volume independent. In summary, demand remains steady in Q1 as we continue to outperform our underlying end markets, delivering flat organic growth on an equal days’ basis, solid margins of 24.8%, free cash flow of approximately $500 million as well as GAAP EPS of $2.38 which was ahead of our planned expectations, primarily due to a lower effective tax rate in the quarter. Please turn to Slide 4, for a look at organic growth by geography. And, on a geographic basis, organic revenue declined about 3% in both North America and Europe, while Asia Pacific was up 7% with China up 12%, driven in part by continued strong performance in the automotive OEM business. As you can see, China represents about 7% of total company revenues, and China grew 9% even when excluding the 14% growth in automotive OEM. Let’s move to the segment results, starting with automotive OEM, where organic revenue declined 1% in the first quarter as product line simplification or PLS efforts reduced revenue by 1%. On a regional basis, North America was down 6% as D3 customer builds were down 10%. Europe was down 6%, while China grew 14% against a tough comparison of plus 23% last year as our local team continues to innovate and gain market share, particularly in the rapidly growing EV market. We expect this strong growth momentum to continue through the balance of 2025, partially offsetting expected weakness in North America. For the full-year and compared to industry build data, we expect that this segment will outperform relevant builds by the usual 200 basis points to 300 basis points as we continue to grow our content per vehicle. We have incorporated recently revised auto builds forecast into our guidance as worldwide auto builds are projected to be down low-single-digits with North American builds down high-single-digits, Europe down low-single-digits and partially offset by China. Overall, our relevant markets are expected to be down in the mid-single-digits in 2025, which compares to a plan of down low-single-digits going into the year. On the bottom line, the Automotive OEM segment delivered operating margin of 19.3% in Q1, which included 80 basis points of restructuring headwind. In other words, margins were 20.1% excluding restructuring. And, it is worth noting that the tariff related costs and margin impacts in this segment are relatively insignificant, primarily because of our “produce where we sell” manufacturing footprint. And, we remain confident that we will continue to expand margins as we go through the year. Turning to Slide 5. Food Equipment organic growth was up a little more than 1% and up 3% on an equal days’ basis. Equipment was flat and Service grew 3%. By region, North America grew 1% with strength in institutional end markets, which were up double-digits. Our International business was up 2%, Europe was up 2% and Asia Pacific was up 1%. In Test & Measurement and Electronics, organic revenue was down 5% due primarily to tough comparisons in the MTS business, which grew 23% in the year ago quarter and was down 19% this quarter. Excluding MTS, this segment was down 2%. Overall, Test & Measurement declined 9% with about half of that decline due to MTS. While on a positive note, Electronics was up 3% with some encouraging signs as semi-related orders were up double-digits in the quarter. Operating margin of 21.4% declined 200 basis points due primarily to negative operating leverage as well as a headwind from higher restructuring costs of 60 basis points. Moving on to Slide 6. Organic growth in Welding was essentially flat and up 2% on an equal days’ basis. Equipment increased 1%, which marked the first positive growth rate in Equipment in two years. Consumables were down 2%, while Industrial sales declined 1% and the Commercial side was down 6%. Overall, North America was down 2% offset by international, which was up 14%, driven primarily by more than 30% growth in China as a result of the success of new product introductions targeted at the energy space. Operating margin of 32.5% was essentially flat year-over-year. Polymers & Fluids organic revenue grew 2% with Polymers up 6%. Both Fluids and Automotive aftermarket were flat. On a geographic basis, North America was flat and International grew 5%. Operating margin improved 70 basis points to 26.5%. Turning to Slide 7, Construction Products. Organic growth was down 7% in tough end-markets. In The U.S, annualized new housing starts were down double-digits compared to year-end, and we estimate that international markets were down in the high-single-digits. As a result, North America was down 10% with Residential Automation down 12% while Commercial Construction was up 2%. In the first quarter, Europe was down 2% and Australia and New Zealand was down 9%. Operating margin of 29.2% was essentially flat with another significant contribution from enterprise initiatives. Specialty Products organic revenue was up 1% against the comparison of plus 6% in the year ago period, with North America up 2% and International down 1%. The reduction in revenue from Strategic PLS was 130 basis points. Of note, equipment orders were up double-digits with continued strength in the Aerospace and Packing Equipment businesses. Operating margin improved 120 basis points to 30.9% with another solid contribution from Enterprise Initiatives. With that, let’s turn to our Slide 8, for an update on our full-year 2025 guidance, which is unchanged. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, we firmly believe that we’re better positioned than most as the impact of tariffs is largely mitigated by our 90%plus “produce where we sell” manufacturing strategy, and our unmatched ability to read and react in our highly decentralized operating culture. We’re well-positioned to outperform our end markets and deliver organic growth of 0% to 2% based on our usual topline guidance process, which is based on current levels of demand adjusted for typical seasonality, the incremental pricing associated with tariffs and updated for the most recent automotive build projections that we talked about earlier. As you saw in our press release this morning, we’re maintaining our previous guidance, including GAAP EPS in the range of $10.15 to $10.55. And, given the uncertainty in the global demand environment, we decided to not incorporate the EPS upside from our above plan results in Q1 as well as approximately $0.30 of tailwind from foreign exchange at current rates. We fully expect to continue to execute at a high-level on the most important profitability drivers that are within our control, such as our ongoing pricing and supply chain actions that, as Chris said, are projected to offset tariff costs and therefore be EPS neutral or better as well as our enterprise initiatives, which we now expect will contribute 100 basis points or more of margin expansion independent of volume. So to wrap things up, we’re confident that the strength and resilience of the ITW business model, our high-quality diversified business portfolio and our people put us in a strong position to deal decisively and effectively with the effects of the announced tariffs, however, they play out from here, while remaining focused on executing our long-term enterprise strategy. So with that, Erin, I’ll turn it back to you.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Michael. Lacey, will you please open the lines for questions?
Operator: Yes, ma’am. [Operator Instructions] Okay. Your first question comes from the line of [Vlad Bostreke] (ph). You may go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst : So, I know you talked about offsetting potential tariff headwinds with pricing. I guess, can you just talk about any color on how you’re thinking about overall pricing expectations for the year now versus coming into 2025? And then just along with that, I know historically you’ve looked to offset inflationary pressures on a dollar-for-dollar basis, but you’re maintaining the margin outlook here. So, is there some different approach this time around?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Yes. So, that I would say at a high-level the strategy is to offset tariffs with appropriate pricing. As we said on many occasions we’re able to get pricing due to high-levels of differentiation across our business. So, we expect the price cost equation to be pretty manageable based on what we know today. We expect the tariff cost impact to be EPS neutral or better. I would say that pricing in general, I mean any comments that we make on pricing should be considered in the context that we had 84 different divisions. And obviously the context is different in each one, but overall, we expect the price cost impacts with tariffs to be EPS neutral are better. We’ll do a lot better than that in some businesses. We allow our businesses who are very close to our customers to make these decisions with some overarching guidance from us, but business are close to our customers, they know their customers very well, they understand the competitive intensity and the price volume dynamics relative to their particular markets and these are decisions that are taken in our businesses on an ongoing basis not just in response to a tariff environment. So, there’s a lot of market specific expertise within our divisions as to how to get price and where to get price, but in general as I said we sell differentiated products and services, we get paid for our value and I would say so far we’re also a very good start in terms of getting price based on the tariffs that were introduced in early March.
Unidentified Analyst : That’s helpful, Chris. Appreciate it. And then just stepping back, can you talk about how you’re thinking about potential contingency plans if we see the demand environment materially slow over the course of 2025? And I recall in the COVID and post-COVID era, you were very focused on winning the recovery. So, can you talk about how you’re thinking about the potential recession and recovery playbook today?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Sure. So, I would say that in terms of contingency, obviously we are in the fortunate position that we have I would say a lot of self-help in the context of enterprise initiatives in the first instance. Divisions in the spirit of continuous improvement our divisions are always looking at supply chains, alternative suppliers as a matter of course that’s very much consistent with our continuous improvement approach. From a recession kind of posture response standpoint clearly it’s a pretty fluid environment but I would say that our overall posture in a short-term recession would be to wherever possible stay invested in our growth initiatives and these really highly profitable businesses. We’re a long-term focused company. We had the financial resources to do that. Obviously during the pandemic or when the recovery approach helped us. Number 1, take care of customers. Number 2, gain share. And so, we look at taking a somewhat similar approach. And again I come back to the point that we set up enterprise initiatives which would certainly help us protect margins in a downturn. The other point I would make that’s pretty specific to ourselves is that as we’ve often noted a fundamental element of 80/20, is that we’ve got a very flexible cost structure and we typically engage in the higher value added parts of the manufacturing process and outsource those other parts that may be lower on the value chain. So, this makes the cost structure for us very flexible and this would be a real benefit in a recessionary scenario.
Unidentified Analyst : Great. Appreciate it, Chris. Thanks.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Sure, Vlad.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with J.P. Morgan. You may go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hey, good morning. Thank you so much.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Tami Zakaria: My question is on pricing. So, the organic growth guide 0% to 2%, I think I heard you say it includes some pricing action. So, are you assuming the pricing gain, will be offset by some volume decline and that’s why you’re leaving the full-year organic growth guide intact?
Michael M. Larsen: So, Tami, this is Michael. So, the organic growth guidance of 0% to 2% is based on kind of our typical run rates or current levels of demand. We have added to that incremental pricing, which is associated with tariffs. And then, we also updated the forecast for the lower projected auto build forecasts. And I think your question around, could this incremental price be offsetting volume? I think is kind of how we think about it. While we haven’t seen a slowdown in our businesses today, certainly, the uncertainty, it’s not unreasonable to imagine that things could slow a little bit in the second half. And if that’s the case, that volumes come down, then that will be offset by the higher-level of pricing that we’re getting right now in our businesses to help offset the tariff impact.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. That’s very helpful. And, so a quick follow-up on that is, have you already taken pricing in response to tariffs, or you’re waiting to take the pricing when tariffs become effective on May 2 or whatever the latest date is from the administration?
Michael M. Larsen: I think as Chris said, this is 84 different discussions, but what I can tell you, every division has a slightly different time line. But I can also tell you everybody impacted by tariffs has already taken decisive action on pricing, as Chris said, based on the announcements that were made back in March. And, some of them have taken action already based on the announcements that were made early April. And so, this is kind of an ongoing process. I think what’s really encouraging, if you look back at how this played out in 2017 and 2018, how it played out in an inflationary environment coming out of COVID, I think we’ve demonstrated we have ample pricing power in these highly differentiated businesses. And so, that’s what gives us the confidence to say that our pricing actions, along with some of the other supply chain actions we talked about, will enable us to offset, the impact of tariffs and be EPS neutral or better by year-end.
Tami Zakaria: That’s wonderful, here. Thank you.
Michael M. Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Just wanted to start off the Food Equipment business, some perhaps doesn’t get a lot of airtime, but you gave a very good update on auto and Test & Measurement. And just asking on Food Equipment because we’ve seen some fairly lackluster updates from some larger customers in that sort of quick serve channel, whether it’s Starbucks or KFC or whoever in the last 24 hours. Wondered if you’re seeing any shift in customer behavior in Food Equipment yourself and what’s your confidence in the sort of continued spending by those customers in the balance of the year?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Yes. So Julian, overall, I think our confidence in Food Equipment is very high. This is a highly differentiated business for us. It also contains about one-third of the business is service-related and that’s very unique because we are the only major equipment manufacturer with that captive service business. And, as you’ve seen from what Michael reported earlier, the service business continues to grow nicely. On the equipment side, given the end-market split, we are about [40%-50%] (ph) of our business goes to institutional customers and that continues to be very strong for us. Food Equipment in the aggregate is an extremely fertile innovation environment. We have new product launches in all product categories this year. In Food there are some real tangible things to innovate around like energy and water savings which really matter to our customers. So, we feel very good about food equipment, it’s a very fertile innovation space because of our end market mix being more skewed towards institutional that is helping us right now and obviously we have the big service business which is a huge differentiator for us. So, we see broad-based strength in food equipment, North America, China and Latin America also expected to be strong geographically.
Julian Mitchell: That’s very helpful. Thank you. And then, just to understand on the tariff points from a sort of segment standpoint and phasing through the year. Is the assumption that all segments should be sort of tariff dollar neutral for 2025 as a whole? And, is there any kind of pressure in a given quarter for ITW enterprise-wide from tariffs in terms of EBIT dollars or EBIT margin rate that you’d highlight to us?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Well, Julian, historically, if you go back to 2017, 2018, there was a little bit of a lag between when tariffs were enacted and when pricing kicked in. I think we’ve learned some things. I think we’ve become faster in terms of reacting to these tariff increases. And so, we really don’t expect a whole lot of quarterly impact here in the short-term from a lag between price cost. I think all segments have I’d say the tariff impact is pretty broad-based, a little bit less in automotive, which is a good thing because as, it takes a little bit longer to get priced there, but everywhere else, all of our divisions, all segments are working actively on offsetting these tariff costs with supply chain and pricing actions. And ultimately, that’s what’s going to enable us to be EPS neutral or better by the time we get to year-end. But, there really shouldn’t be a lot of pressure here in the short-term.
Julian Mitchell: That’s great. Thank you.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Good morning, guys. Thank you.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Stephen Volkmann: Julian kind of teed me up here. I was just going to ask if, Michael, if there’s anything you want to say relative to the second quarter that might be different than normal seasonality just as we model this out?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, so obviously, I’ll just say this. We’re operating in a pretty uncertain environment, as you know. We had a pretty solid finish to Q1. We had a pretty good start. April is not completely done yet, but things are tracking pretty good. So, what I’ll maybe offer is that typically from Q1 to Q2, we see about a 2% topline sequential growth. We also benefit from having one more day in Q2 than we did in Q1. So, if you model that out, you’ll see that revenues are about flat from an organic growth standpoint on a year-over-year basis. Pricing may help out a little bit, but that’s kind of the base assumption that the topline is flat year-over-year. Margins, we should see a significant meaningful step up from Q1, primarily as a result of some of these one-time items not recurring and so solid margin improvement from Q1 to Q2. And then, on a year-over-year basis, margin is about flattish and EPS also about flat. So, that would put, I think last year we did $2.54. So if you believe what I just said that would put, EPS kind of in the mid, [$2.50s] (ph). You add our Q1 $2.38 on top of that. And then for the first half, you’ll get to somewhere around $4.90-ish, which would be 48% of the full-year EPS guidance, if you look at it in terms of the midpoint. And that’s pretty close to kind of our historical cadence, [$49.51] (ph). It’s a little bit lower this year as a result of slightly higher restructuring tied to our 80/20 Front-to-Back projects. But, overall, this seems like a pretty reasonable way to think about Q2 first half, second half. And again, I’ll just in case it wasn’t clear, if you go back to our last call when we gave guidance, we highlighted $0.30 of currency headwind. That’s no longer the case based on current rates. As you may recall, we don’t hedge, so these currency moves favorable in this case flow through pretty quickly given the short cycle nature of our business. So, that’s maybe a way to kind of think about Q2 and the balance of the year.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Very thorough, and I definitely do believe you. Just anything on the tax rate? I know that was a little benefit in the first quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So, I think this was a pretty standard kind of tax transaction. And so, we are modestly lowering our guidance for the full-year, for the tax rate to 24%. I think it was [24.25%] (ph) prior to that. So and that’s if you do the math, that’s about $0.05. And typically, what we would have done in a normal environment is flow through the benefit of the lower tax rate and current foreign exchange rates. And just given the environment that we’re in, we decided to not do that. And so to some extent, we’ve derisked our guidance for the full-year. Whether that will be enough or not remains to be seen. As I said earlier, things can change quickly. We’re operating in a pretty uncertain environment. And, we’ll just go back to what Chris said is that we really believe we’re better positioned than most to deal with this level of volatility and uncertainty.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you very much.
Michael M. Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Truist Security. You may go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Jamie Cook: Just a question on I think last quarter you had a slide in there on CBI and the contribution to revenue for 2025 supposed to contribute 2.3% to 2.5% of growth. And, I’m just wondering, did we take that slide out for a reason or it’s, in this environment, who knows? Just kind of think through that. And then just my last follow-up question, PLS, is that just still assumed one point headwind? Thank you.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Yes. So on CBI, Jamie, we’re very encouraged by the progress that we’re making across the business, great pipeline of new products, every segment contributing. This is one of the reasons we would say we’re outperforming our end markets, right. And several product launches across the business this year, again across all segments and I would say that with respect to our target of 2.3% to 2.5%for the full-year in terms of CBI contribution, then we are well on track to do that based on our performance here in Q1.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. And I think what we’d rather not do, Jamie, and it’s a fair question, is kind of give you an update on what the CBI number is every quarter. It can be a little lumpy, but as Chris said, we are definitely tracking it. And based on what we’ve seen so far, we are on track to deliver on our full-year target. In terms of PLS, we’re still targeting 100 basis points of PLS, primarily in the Specialty Products segment, in the Automotive segment as well as on the Construction side. So, those are kind of the three larger ones. And again, this is all kind of strategic repositioning of these businesses to improve the growth rate on a go-forward basis. So, that’s all on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, good morning.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen: Good morning.
Joe O’Dea: Just looking to understand the tariff price cost dynamic a little bit more. I think, Michael, last quarter you talked about $250 million of imports roughly from China. If you just run math on that and 145% tariff and take like three quarters of the year, you’re going to need maybe 1.5 points of price to offset it and then we have some of the reciprocal tariffs as well. And so, not sure if 2% price is a reasonable kind of benchmark to be thinking about required to offset cost and be dollar neutral, but really just any color you can provide on the costs associated with the different tariffs that are in place?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I think, Joe, the kind of the back of the envelope math you’re doing is not completely unreasonable. I mean, as you said, we talked about this on our last call in terms of the imports into the U.S. from China being about 5% of our total domestic spend. So, as you can tell from that, how small that number is, we’ve never pursued a low cost country or low cost manufacturing strategy. It’s always been kind of “produce where we sell”. As you said, that $250 million, that’s an annualized number. Once we get through inventory, we’re almost halfway through the year. So, the potential impact for the full-year 2025 is less than that. I’d say we’re, as Chris said, actively working to offset the impact with supply chain actions, pricing actions, and therefore, EPS neutral better, which is exactly what we did the last time around in 2017 and 2018 as well as post-COVID. So, we’re confident we can do that. And I’ll just say it again. I think we believe we’re better positioned here than most. And, like we said on the call last time, we think these tariffs from a cost standpoint are certainly manageable. Obviously, what’s unknown at this point is what the impact might be from a demand standpoint in the second half, but I think at this point, with the visibility we have, we feel like we’re in a really good spot. Let’s get through Q2 and then we’ll kind of update all the analytics and we’ll give you an update in terms of how we view the year on our next call.
Joe O’Dea: And, then just in terms of the contingency that’s embedded within the guide, if we approach tariffs as price cost neutral. And then the FX, I think the revenue guide for the year now embeds a less bad FX environment, but that didn’t flow through, that $0.30 didn’t flow through. And so, is that kind of the contingency versus the unknown on the macro or just how you’re approaching embedding kind of contingency?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. Yes. So we updated the revenue number, but we didn’t update EPS. So, that’s a good way to look at it. It’s part of the contingency, if you want to call it that, for what might happen to volume in the back half of the year, even though we haven’t really seen it yet. And in Automotive, we have already factored that into our guidance as we sit here today based on the most recent build projections, which, by the way, is really more of a North America challenge at this point. I think we feel very good about our China business being able to sustain the type of growth rates that they’re putting up. That’s really driven mostly by the EV market and production growing at some pretty staggering numbers in China and that which is projected to continue as we go through the year. And then Europe, as we see it today, is kind of down low-single-digits, with auto builds. And all of that is, like I said, factored into the updated guidance that we’re giving you here today.
Joe O’Dea: And so just big picture, when you think about kind of the elevated uncertainty we’re dealing with, which parts of the business are you watching most closely for vulnerabilities? Which parts of the business are you looking at most insulated from some of those vulnerabilities?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Yes. So, I’d say at a high level in terms of uncertainty overall, we always say we’re built for uncertainty based on a number of attributes that we have across the company. I think the resilience provided by our diverse portfolio across the seven segments, we’re always going to have a mixture of headwinds and tailwinds but with little or no concentration risk. The fact that the portfolio is very much built around sustainable differentiation, this provides a really strong ability to recover price. I think strength of the business model to help us control the controllables and provide self-help opportunities like enterprise initiatives and then I think the very important one is the nimbleness of our decentralized close to the customer structure which really enables our ability to read and react to whatever we can’t control, so we can mitigate the impact. And I think all of these attributes position ITW to outperform particularly well in certain environments. If we’re to hit at any particular segment I think we’ve seen some challenges for a long time now in terms of the CapEx markets likely to continue obviously with the interest rate environment being kind of where it is. And, little bit of uncertainty in automotive but some of that’s already baked in. We’ve, based on the build numbers coming down, but I’d say that across the company we’re pretty well-positioned based on the overall posture and attributes that we have to really help us manage these uncertain times.
Joe O’Dea: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Abi Yorosilowicz] (ph). You may go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, guys.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just as we think about the margin progression for the rest of the year, I know you expect margins to improve as the year goes on, but when are you expecting price cost would be most favorable? Would it be like Q2 with higher pricing coming in sooner than when the cost fit, or would pricing more be in-line with cost as the year progresses?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So Abi, you’re breaking up a little bit, but if I understood your question correctly, I’d say, we went into the year kind of assuming a normal price cost environment, which for us typically is slightly favorable to margins. We are not expecting anything unusual on a quarterly basis as we go through the year. I think there was a question earlier about the potential lag between price and cost, and we feel like we’re better positioned this time around. So, I think what always happens down the road, most good companies will recover their margin impact. Whether that happens by year-end or into next year, that remains to be seen. But, if there is some pressure, it’s short-term, and again, it’s, as we sit here today, we’d say it’s manageable, so.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Got it. And, it’s possible you already addressed this to some extent, but just as you think about the kind of risk to potential demand weakening, would you expect that to be more from a weaker macro impacting end markets or more from higher prices and price sensitivity there?
Michael M. Larsen: It would be all end-market related. I think you got to factor in that our divisions, their competitors are dealing with the same challenges that we are, and they are less favorably positioned than we are, I think, is a fair comment. So, in terms of driving above market organic growth, with the new product pipeline, with the share gain opportunities in front of us, and you are seeing that in a number of places. And so, you can look at complete segments, whether it’s Food Equipment or Welding, where there are comparables out there or even automotive, where we are outgrowing underlying markets by 200 basis points to 300 basis points. So, this is going to be all about end-market demand, and we’re confident that we’ll continue to outperform these underlying end-markets as we go through the remainder of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That makes sense. Appreciate the time.
Michael M. Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: Just with respect to the mechanics of the price increases, and sorry to beat this like a dead horse, but are you guys going after this with more of like a surcharge mentality where the pricing would then come off if tariffs were to go away, or is it an actual list price increase, which is obviously more sticky?
Christopher A. O’Herlihy: Yes. So, Nicole, it’s pretty much a mixture of both. And again, it comes back to the individual circumstance in each business, the relative competitive intensity I would say that the price volume dynamics that are going on in all these businesses. So, that’s a decision that we allow our businesses to make whether it’s surcharge or price increase. Obviously there’s a lot of as I said before market specific expertise in these businesses as to how to get price whether it’s surcharge or increase and where to get it, but in general I think the level of differentiation that we have really enables us to do it. But, these are decisions that are taken at the division level, like I say, and it’s a mixture of both surcharge and price increase.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Understood. And then, with respect to the restructuring actions that you guys are taking this year, has there been any shift in the total amount of restructuring, especially considering a weaker volume environment? And do you still expect to incur 80% of those charges in the first half?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. Nicole, that’s still the case. I think these are the restructuring projects that are being done are all tied to our 80/20 Front-to-Back process and are identified kind of going into the year as part of the planned process. And obviously, we’ll see kind of how things play out from here, but it’s still the same assumption for the full-year and still assuming that about 80% of the total spend this year will happen in Q1 and Q2.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thank you.
Michael M. Larsen: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star followed by the number one. For those participating in the Q&A, you will have the opportunity to ask one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Thank you. Erin Linnihan, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Tamika. Good morning, and welcome to Illinois Tool Works Inc.'s fourth quarter 2024 conference call. I'm joined by our President and CEO, Chris O'Hearlihy, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss Illinois Tool Works Inc.'s fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results and provide guidance for full year 2025. Slide two is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's 2023 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to slide three, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Chris O'Harelahe. Chris?
Chris O'Hearlihy: Thank you, Erin. Good morning, everyone. You saw in our press release this morning, in Q4, Illinois Tool Works Inc. delivered a solid finish to the year. We outperformed our underlying end markets with organic growth turning positive excluding pipeline simplification, and we continue to execute well controlling the controllables to expand operating margins and free cash flow to record levels. GAAP EPS improved 7% to $2.54. In end markets that we believe were down in the low to mid-single digits, fourth quarter organic revenue declined half a point, which is a point better than the 1.4% decline in Q3. Excluding the impact of product line simplification, primarily due to strategically positioning for growth, in our Specialty Products segment, organic revenue growth was positive 0.4%. Overall demand was steady in Q4, with some improvement relative to demand levels going into the quarter. Revenue came in approximately two percentage points or $70 million above what they would have been had demand held at the levels we were seeing exiting the third quarter. In addition to outperforming our end markets, the Illinois Tool Works Inc. team did a solid job executing operationally, resulting in operating income of $1.03 billion, an increase of 4% despite total revenues that were down more than 1%. Record operating margin of 26.2% was an increase of 140 basis points with a 120 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives. As a result of strong working capital management, primarily around inventory, free cash flow increased 10%, with a conversion to net income of 133%. Looking back in 2024, the Illinois Tool Works Inc. team delivered another year of solid operational and financial performance, achieving record financial results, including EPS, margins, and returns as we consistently outperformed underlying end markets, particularly evident in segments such as automotive OEM and construction products. We made continued progress on our next phase key strategic priorities. In 2025, we will build on this momentum and remain laser-focused on building above-market organic growth fueled by customer-back innovation into a defining Illinois Tool Works Inc. strength, on par with our world-class financial and operational capabilities, and deliver differentiated performance in whatever environment we face. We still have some work ahead of us as we position the company to deliver 3% plus CPI yield by 2030, but we are pleased with achieving 2% in 2024, more than double our historical pre-COVID levels. Furthermore, I'm particularly encouraged by the progress we're making on a key leading indicator of CBI yield, patent filings, which increased 18% in 2024. Turning to our guidance, we are very well positioned to continue to execute at a very high level again in 2025, on both the top and bottom line. Our usual revenue guidance approach, our organic growth projection of 1% to 3% excluding TLS reflects current levels of demand adjusted for seasonality. Although there are certainly some positive signals in our businesses, the current reality is that we are not yet seeing these reflected in orders. Having said that, we are very well positioned to capitalize on an improving demand environment if it should materialize. Our EPS guidance midpoint of $10.35 reflects the fact that we are faced with non-operational headwinds including a foreign currency translation impact of $0.30. Our expected operating margin improvement of 100 basis points is powered by another solid contribution from enterprise initiatives independent of volume. In concluding my remarks this morning, I again want to extend my sincere gratitude to our global colleagues for their unwavering dedication to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. Now I'll turn the call over to Michael to provide more detail on the quarter and full year performance as well as our guidance for 2025. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In Q4, the Illinois Tool Works Inc. team delivered a solid finish operationally and financially to a record year. Starting with the top line, organic growth was down 0.5%, which included a 0.9% revenue reduction from strategic product line simplification. Foreign currency translation reduced revenue by 1%, and two acquisitions earlier in the year added 0.2%. Total revenues were down 1.3%. Sequentially, revenue growth of plus 3.7% from Q3 to Q4 compared favorably to our historical sequential growth of plus 1.5%. On a geographic basis, organic revenue declined about 1.5% in North America, was down 3%, and Asia Pacific was up 5% with China up 9%. On the bottom line, the Illinois Tool Works Inc. team continued to focus and execute well on the things within our control, as evidenced by an operating margin of 26.2%, an increase of 140 basis points year over year driven by enterprise initiatives, which contributed 120 basis points. Six of our seven segments expanded operating margin, driven primarily by strong execution of enterprise initiatives that contributed between 70 and 190 basis points to each segment. In summary, for Q4, we outperformed our underlying end markets with positive organic growth, achieved record margin performance with a strong contribution from enterprise initiatives, and generated record free cash flow and record GAAP EPS of $2.54. Please start with slide four. Operating cash flow was $1.1 billion, and free cash flow increased 10%, a quarterly record of $1 billion, with a conversion to net income of 133%. Strong working capital management, including inventory, was a meaningful driver of the strong cash in Q4, with further targeted reductions this year. We project free cash flow conversion of greater than 100% for 2025. Now let's move to the segment results starting with automotive OEM, where organic revenue declined 2% in the fourth quarter against the tough comparison of plus 8% in Q4 2023. On a regional basis, North America was down 5%, while Europe was down 10% against a tough comparison of plus 11%. China grew 8% despite a comparison of plus 31% as our China team continues to drive customer-back innovation and gain market share, including in the rapidly growing EV market. For the full year, compared to industry bill data, the segment outperformed relevant bills by our typical 200 to 300 basis points, and we expect similar outperformance in 2025 as we project that automotive OEM will grow 0% to 2%, 1% to 3% excluding PLS, with auto bills in relevant markets that are projected to be down in the low single digits. On the bottom line for the full year, automotive OEM improved margins by 230 basis points to 19.6%, and the segment remains firmly on track to achieve its goal of low to mid-twenties operating margin over the next couple of years. Turn to slide five. Food equipment delivered organic growth of almost 3.5%. Equipment grew 3% and service grew 5%, as the growth investments made in the first half of 2024 to expand capacity and support long-term above-market growth in this very attractive service business are paying off. By region, North America grew 2%, with institutional end markets up in the high single digits, and restaurants essentially flat. The international business was strong with growth of 5%, with Europe up 4%, and Asia Pacific was up 11% due to strong equipment sales. Test and measurement and electronics, organic revenue turned positive for the first time in five quarters, up 2%, with test and measurement essentially flat as electronics grew 6%, the highest growth rate since the fourth quarter of 2022, as semiconductor electronics activity started to pick up. As we've talked about before, because of our focused growth investments, including customer-back innovation, through the cycle, we remain very well positioned to capitalize on a long list of attractive growth opportunities as the semi-electronics recovery begins to take shape. Operating margins expanded by 170 basis points in the quarter to 27%. Moving on to slide six. Organic growth in welding improved as organic revenue was essentially flat after five subsequent quarters of year-over-year declines. Equipment was flat and consumables were down 1%. While North America was down 2%, international grew 9%, with strong growth in China as a result of some very targeted customer-back innovation efforts. Throughout 2024, the welding team continued to benefit from a strong pipeline of new products, contributing more than 3% to growth. In our view, this is a great example of our strategic CBI efforts and the adoption of our next phase CBI framework gives our divisions the ability to gain share and outgrow end markets on a consistent basis. Operating margin of 31.2% was a 160 basis point improvement over the prior year. Polymers and Fluids, organic revenue grew 1% with Polymers up 5%, and Fluids up 1%. Automotive aftermarket, which tends to be more correlated to consumer discretionary spending, was down 1%, which is about two points ahead of end market growth with relevant point of sale data indicating a market that was down 3%. On a geographic basis, North America declined 4%, and international grew 8% with Europe again showing solid demand. Turning to slide seven. Our most interest rate-sensitive segment, construction products, organic growth was down 4% in a tough market as new housing starts were down about 7% globally in Q4. In North America, construction products was down 4%, approximately three points ahead of a market that was down about 7%, with residential renovation down 3% and commercial construction down 9%. Europe was down 3% and Australia and New Zealand were down 8%. The 2025 outlook for the construction market globally remains uncertain with new housing starts in the US expected to be down in the low to mid-single digits. With that as a backdrop, we expect construction products to be about flat in 2025 as we're well positioned to outperform end markets with the launch of new products and market share gains. Operating margin of 28% improved 110 basis points with another significant contribution from strong execution on enterprise initiatives. In expected, specialty products organic revenue was down 4% with a planned 5% reduction in revenue from strategic PLS as the team continues to take the necessary actions to strategically reposition the segment for consistent above-market growth. While the work is not complete, the progress so far has been encouraging. 2024 organic growth of more than 3%, margin improvement of 380 basis points, gives you a sense of the strategic and financial value we derive from PLS. Operating margin was a record 28.4% for the quarter. Moving to slide eight and full year 2024 results. As you've seen from Illinois Tool Works Inc. all year, our colleagues around the world continue to execute at a high level for our customers and for the enterprise. As a result of their efforts, Illinois Tool Works Inc. consistently outperformed end markets and delivered record results on key performance metrics such as earnings, operating margin, and after-tax return on capital. Throughout 2024, we remained focused on maximizing our growth and performance over the long term as we invested in projects that accelerate above-market organic growth and sustained productivity in our highly profitable core businesses. We raised our dividend for the sixty-first consecutive year by 7% and returned more than $3.2 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Moving to slide nine for an update on one of our key strategic priorities. As we've talked about before, customer-back innovation is the most impactful driver of our ability to consistently grow revenue above market. The CBI revenue of today fuels our ability to drive market penetration and share gains in the future. Over the past few years, we've expanded our CBI revenue yield from less than a percent pre-COVID to 2% in 2024. We're well positioned for further improvement in 2025 based on the recent launch of our next phase CBI framework. We can feel the energy and excitement from our divisional teams as they implement the framework in their divisions. And as Chris said, we're particularly pleased with the 18% increase in patent filings in 2024. Because every one of those patents is tied to a known customer pain point, and represents a high-quality growth opportunity for Illinois Tool Works Inc. In 2025, we will continue to work on fully adopting our new CBI framework in each one of our divisions consistent with the pace required to deliver CBI yield of 3% plus by 2030. Let's move to slide ten and our guidance for full year 2025. As you can see, Illinois Tool Works Inc. is once again well positioned to execute at a high level and outperform our end markets in any scenario. We aim to improve margins by approximately 100 basis points with another strong contribution from enterprise initiatives. Per our usual process, our organic growth projection of 0% to 2% or 1% to 3% excluding strategic PLS of a percentage point is based on current levels of demand adjusted for typical seasonality. Foreign currency translation at current rates represents a 3% top-line headwind. In terms of profitability, operating margin is expected to improve by about 100 basis points to a range of 26.5% to 27.5%, which includes approximately a 100 basis point contribution from projects related to enterprise initiatives that are independent of volume, ranging from 60 to 170 basis points in each segment. We are projecting GAAP EPS in the range of $10.15 to $10.55, which includes a longer list than usual of non-operational headwinds, including $0.30 of unfavorable foreign currency translation impact and $0.15 to $0.20 from increased restructuring expenses tied to ongoing 80/20 front-to-back projects, and higher income tax expense with an expected tax rate in the range of 24% to 24.5%. Excluding the $0.30 of non-operational headwind from foreign currency, EPS would be $10.65 at the midpoint, an increase of 5% versus last year. In terms of cadence for the year, we expect a first half, second half EPS split of about 47% and 53% as compared to our usual 49% and 51%, which is due to increased restructuring expenses in the first half of the year. Combined with the typical sequential step down in revenues from Q4 to Q1, we therefore expect Q1 EPS to contribute about 22% of the year's EPS, slightly below our typical 23% to 24%. As I mentioned, we expect strong free cash flows with conversion greater than net income, and per our disciplined capital allocation framework, surplus capital is allocated to an active share repurchase program as we plan to buy back $1.5 billion of our own shares in 2025. Our guidance does not account for any pricing adjustments made in response to the implementation of tariffs. Illinois Tool Works Inc.'s produce-what-we-sell strategy largely mitigates potential tariff impact, and we're comfortable that once again we're in a position to read and react as necessary by adjusting price in response to higher costs as a result of tariffs. Based on our past experience, most recently in 2017 and 2018, and our strong operational capabilities, we believe that the price-cost equation is manageable for Illinois Tool Works Inc. across a wide range of scenarios. Turning to our last slide, slide eleven, for our 2025 organic growth projections by segment. As you can see, six of our seven segments are projecting positive organic growth, based on current run rates adjusted for typical seasonality. Every segment is well positioned to outperform their end markets again in 2025, and consistent with our continuous improvement, never-satisfied mindset, every segment is also projecting margin improvement with another solid contribution from enterprise initiatives. In summary, our segments are heading into 2025 well positioned to execute again as they continue to outperform their underlying end markets and improve margins and profitability. With that, Erin, I'll turn it back to you.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Michael. Tamika, please open the line for questions.
Operator: At this time, if you would like to ask a question, press star one. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from the line of Steven Bockman with Jefferies.
Steven Bockman: Great. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Morning. Couple of things here, Michael. I think you gave a range of enterprise initiative benefits on the various segments, but I was too slow to write it down. But can you just maybe call out where this top and bottom kind of impact would be from enterprise initiatives on the appointment level?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. The largest impact, as you might expect, is I said 190 basis points would be in our automotive OEM segment. You know, we've talked about the margin improvement plan there going back to Investor Day in 2023. And so that's where the largest opportunity probably resides. And then at the lower end, you would expect segments that are already operating margins in the kind of low thirties, maybe something like welding, would be in that maybe 60 basis points plus range. So that's kinda the I think the important point is that every one of our segments has opportunity for further improvement in margins, driven by enterprise initiatives, which, as you know, are independent of volume, which is a great place to be going into a pretty uncertain 2025.
Steven Bockman: Okay. Great. And then maybe just bigger picture. Thank for the slide on CBI. But that's the one I think it's toughest for us to kind of explain. Wondering if there is a segment or maybe just even a couple of very specific projects that you could call out that kinda illustrate the power of WebCVI.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So, Steve, I would say that CBI is well represented across all seven segments. Every division is working on this in a very intentional way. And we have a great pipeline of new products right across the company. But it's called a one where we're seeing some steady impact in 2024. Welding, obviously, we've called on a few on a few different calls here as having made great progress in what has been a very difficult market in welding, we certainly mitigated that market admission by basically coming to us to 3% innovation contribution from welding in 2024, more to come in 2025. But nice increase across the portfolio. The increase you see going into 2025 is broad-based and will impact every segment. But a carload welding specifically in 2024.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melis Research.
Scott Davis: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Michael Larsen: Hey. Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: I'm just kind of amazed that you can increase margins in a down volume environment. I mean, it just doesn't happen very often in our world. Unless you're coming off, like, a really big restructuring or something, which is not really the case, but you guys help us understand. Let's just take auto as an example. When you look at your performance in auto, it's you know, can you kinda parse it down to, you know, mixed benefit, new product benefit, you're getting better price and margin with new products, are you more efficient with your labor or your fixed assets? I mean, if there's any way to kinda break down how this kinda special sauce is working, I think it would be it'd be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So, Scott, I would say in auto specific we kinda call this out somewhat at Investor Day in terms of, you know, the main drivers of margin improvement in auto were gonna be, you know, volume recovery. Obviously, we're not getting a whole lot of that at the moment, but the other main components were enterprise initiatives and then higher margin on CBI. And that's really what's driving, you know, the margins in auto. Enterprise initiative is just kind of how we think about those, and obviously, we've been delivering on those across the an appraisal for a while. But really and it continue to be an important contributor results. Really, these initiatives, which as we called out, are independent of volume, are really an outcome of what we consider to be just this very, very strong continuous improvement mindset that's very much part of Illinois Tool Works Inc.'s DNA and really drives the visual quality of practice in areas like 80/20 front to back and strategic sourcing. These are very much bottom-up initiatives driven by our talented people in our divisions at a very granular level. Most of these projects are less than a half million dollars individually, when you have 84 divisions, they add up to a real meaningful number here. So have a lot of visibility, ownership, and accountability in our divisions around these initiatives. And as a track record, as indicated here, with respect to enterprise initiatives over the last eleven years, our divisions have very much done what they said they would do. So we believe these are all sustainable. On the back of this ownership and accountability, that's fundamental to our culture, strong continuous improvement mindset that we would say is now hardwired into our divisions. And in the case of 80/20 front to back, as you've heard us say on many occasions, this is something that we've never done with. It's the gift that keeps on giving. So with that, we see this contribution continuing. Obviously, Michael's called out called it out again at a hundred basis points in 2025. It's ultimately that that's what makes it sustainable is your continuous improvement mindset that exists across all of our businesses. Not just in auto. In auto, we also have, as we do elsewhere, you know, the whole impact higher margin impact of CBI. And the other aspect that's fundamental to enterprise initiatives is PLS. Which we called out, you know, a number of times in this call. As being fundamentally valuable to us, not just from a growth standpoint in terms of you know, clarifying where to grow, simplifying our portfolio, and simplifying the allocation of resources. But also in terms of the margin pop that we get, from enterprise initiatives around PLS. And a lot of those projects have a payback of a year or less.
Scott Davis: Okay. That's helpful. And guys, you didn't mention M&A in your prepared remarks, and I know this stuff can be a little lumpy, but I happen to have a view that you guys can be arguably the quote best owner for lots of different stuff because you've been successful in the past and running lots of different widget businesses and that skill seems to be transferable, I would think. But maybe I'm overstating that. There's just a little color on what's holding you back on M&A? Is it price? Is it the opportunity set? Is it you know, I would think you'd have a fair amount of confidence in your organization that you could integrate and win with a pretty wide set, I guess, is kinda my point.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think if we've outlined, you know, basically, we remain pretty disciplined in terms of M&A, in terms of our portfolio management strategy. You know, we certainly have a clear we would say a clear and well-defined view of what fits our strategy in our financial criteria. So it really is a question of us finding the right opportunities. You know, we're focused on high-quality acquisitions that would extend our long-term growth potential minimum 4% plus, a growth of high quality, and then being able to leverage the business model to improve margins. So I would say we review opportunities on an ongoing basis. We are very selective, you know, given all the organic growth potential we have in our core businesses. But we are pretty active in terms of reviewing opportunities. And to the extent that we find the right opportunities, we'll be appropriately aggressive in pursuing them. And I would say, you know, going back to the MTS example of an opportunity that really ticked all the boxes for us and know, although, you know, in two years in here, we are this is turning into a home run for us. And then that was largely on the basis that you know, it really met all the characteristics that we look at. But rest assured, we're pretty active. We just need to find the right opportunities.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, guys. Close enough. How are you doing? So Chris or Michael, I know you're forecasting your segments based on current run rates for 2025 and Chris mentioned that orders haven't picked up yet. But I was intrigued by your commentary that your sequential growth from Q3 to Q4 was 3.7%, you know, greater than 1.5% in store growth. So but you see through the end of the year better yet through January, any pickup in sales momentum that's worth calling out. You did call out semi recovery. Beginning with the intestine measurement. Do you forecast that to continue? Is there anything else you're seeing?
Michael Larsen: I think it's a little too early. Probably, I need to call a recovery here for sure. We are seeing some positive signs. We called out semi electronics. You know, going through the fourth quarter, we saw a pretty solid December. What we usually do. And so I think we don't wanna get too far ahead of ourselves here at this point. So we've modeled as we always do based on run rate. And if certainly, if market conditions improve, if demand picks up in the second half. And there are, I should say, certainly some external indicators that would suggest that that is a possibility. You know, we're really well positioned to take advantage of those growth opportunities. And if that turns out to be the case, you know, 1% to 3% organic XPELS you know, would be on the conservative side. But, you know, we don't wanna get too far ahead of ourselves. We're focused on the things that know, we can control. We just talked about the margin improvement from enterprise initiatives. And know, when the inevitable recovery happens, we're gonna be in a great position to continue to outgrow the underlying markets. So that's kinda how we've positioned this.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Helpful, Michael. And could you give us more color into your ability to continue outperform in China? I mean, it's been very impressive. Obviously, it's focused on China automotive. So maybe just talk about that. I think you already said that you expect similar level levels of outperformance in 2025 or is it 2024 in China Automotive? Automotive in general? But maybe talk about what you're doing there. Is it really CVI that's helping you or something else?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So, Andy, the performance in China relative to automotive has been going on for quite a while now. And it really speaks to the quality, you know, of the team that we've built in China, the investments we've made in China, over many years. And you're right. CVI is a large part of this, particularly you know, our growth in EV in China has been significant. You saw it again this year where we outperformed builds in China by about 800 basis points. We expect similar outperformance in China next year in automotive really on the back of, you know, the resource base the investments that we've made, the really best in class innovation and business model application that we see in China that's put us in a position not just to outperform on revenues, but even from a margin standpoint, you know, our margin in China are pretty much similar to what they are elsewhere in the world. So you know, it's really a factor of the organization and organizational capabilities we built across the business model innovation, and growth in China.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color, guys.
Michael Larsen: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Next question is from a line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey. I just wanted to think about the in a relationship with PLS and CBI. Right? Regardless of how good your margins are, right, there's always gonna be a twenty in your construct. So should we think of you know, CBI also just kinda constantly reloading the PLS opportunity set. And if that's the case, should we just kinda be thinking about it I don't know. Secular 1% headwind on PLS indefinitely as the as the CBI benefits kinda build on the other side of that equation?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So maybe just refresh, I think, in terms of, you know, our philosophy and how we think about product identification and, you know, the value that accrues for us. So I would say, Jeff, you know, PLS for us is very much an essential part of the ongoing strategic review and portfolio pruning. That goes on really as a critical part of the implementation of 80/20 front to back in all of our divisions. And, you know, we got pretty much a trade and trusted methodology around this that's deeply embedded and very well understood. It certainly requires discipline, but there is a lot of benefits that our divisions get from proper PLS implementation. And even though there's a short-term kind of revenue impact, here, this has always been positive for us in the long term from a growth standpoint. And that PLS provides strategic clarity, which ultimately will help CBI for sure. But not just clarity, but also execution on our division's most critical customers and products. And effective resource deployment around that, again, which all indirectly helps CBI. Then from a margin improvement standpoint, of course, you know, we get the cost savings from PLS, which ultimately are a meaningful component of the enterprise initiatives. And so I would say with PLS, you know, there's no doubt that the specific way that we execute PLS. It's very much an ongoing kind of value-creating activity for us in our divisions. And like I say, we have a lot of positive experience and expertise on this. So we saw this, you know, very much so, and especially this year, but on our overall business on an ongoing basis. But the clarity that comes out of PLS ultimately will be an enabler around CBI. And Jeff, if I may just add, you know, PLS was a little higher in 2024 than kind of our normal maintenance run rate of about half a point, which was entirely driven by the work that was done in specialty products. And I talked a little about the outcomes and the momentum going into 2025 in that segment. You know, we're a little bit higher this year. As well at a point, primarily in automotive, construction, and then more work to do in specialty products. I think it's too early to tell whether this is kind of a new I think you call it a secular kinda work. Now the runway is about a point. I think it's a little too early to say. Let's get through this year, and then we'll kinda see what it rolls up to next year. But the important thing is as Chris said, this is an outcome of how we run these businesses. We're not trying to manage the PLS number because we know the strategic and financial value that we derive from doing PLS in our businesses.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for that perspective. And then maybe just a little tactical one on auto, right, in region four region, but you know, even in region. Right? US, Canada, Mexico, Mexico, could be a lot of scrambling going on in the supply chain, maybe a reprieve here this week. But you know, are you seeing any, like, unusual change in order patterns? People trying to, you know, get in front of maybe just the expiration of this thirty-day cooling-off period. You know, just any other kind of tariff-related noise that you might be seeing would be interesting.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Jeff, to be honest, I would say it's too early to tell. I mean, obviously, it's been a pretty choppy week on the tariff front. But look, all I would say is that we're really well positioned here to read and react. To whatever comes along, and we're confident that this is not really a state EPS for us. This year. Right. And we, you know, we have assets in all these geographies where uniquely positioned to take care of customers and that's gonna be our priority as we manage through this.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Truist Securities.
Jamie Cook: Good morning. I guess just two questions. You know, one, just back on auto again. Another question just obviously, auto has been a great content story for you. If we shift back more to ICE versus EV, just wondering what the potential headwind could be for the auto business given just been such a great growth driver. And then my second question, Chris, to you. Obviously, you know, under you, CBI seems to be I don't wanna say more important, but it's definitely getting more press or you're talking about it more, I would say, relative to your predecessors. But just trying to think about the 30% plus margin target. We do get some, you know, criticism that that might be too high or maybe it gets pushed out as we're focused on CBI. So just anything you can say about your confidence level there is it just a function of volumes or anything you wanna say on that target? Thank you.
Chris O'Hearlihy: Yes. So let me start with the CBI and margin impact. First, Jamie, if I could. You know, we would say that actually seeing CBI is likely to be an on margins because ordinarily, when we invent differentiated new products, margins tend to be higher. And with respect to the whole organic growth versus margin question, which I think you're posing, you know, from our perspective, organic growth and margin go hand in hand. And I would even say that historically, our fastest-growing business have often been our highest margin businesses. And I think we also demonstrated, you know, coming out of the pandemic where we had both healthy growth and margin expansion. Right? Over that period, we are investing, you know, in a very focused way in resources like innovation and strategic marketing to position us to grow at 4% plus. Percent in the long term. So for us, I mean, you know, it really comes down to as we often talk about in Illinois Tool Works Inc., the quality of organic growth. You know, the fact that we can deliver organic growth at these high incrementals, which is really a natural outcome of applying our business model to this high-quality portfolio of businesses. Yeah. So the math is pretty simple. You know, given our margin is 26% with growth at 35% plus incrementals, then, you know, we expand margin. And in fact, the path of 30%, as we have pointed out, is much more paved with operating leverage than structural cost reduction. And then this is why effectively. It's a that our primary road to 30% in 2030. You know, given the high levels of differentiation in our portfolio, you know, we have very healthy gross margins. This provides more than enough investment firepower to appropriately invest in our business to help drive CBI and growth while still delivering very healthy incremental margins. And on the back of that, of course, continued expansion in operating margins. And then I think, Jamie, you asked about kind of the transition the pace of the transition from ICE to EV and you know, I think for us, at this point, our content per vehicle, ICE versus EV is about the same. Our margin profile is about the same. And so we are fairly agnostic to any mix in ICE versus EV at this point. Obviously, we've been as we've talked about many times on this call, really well positioned, particularly in China where the growth has been and the content, the vehicle growth has been really terrific. So at this point, we don't see this as a major issue for the company.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Hey.
Joe Ritchie: So just talking about PLS and because back innovation. I guess on the PLS side, yeah, how much is PLS how much has that been contributing to the margin expansion? Like, much they contribute in 2024 and the expectation from 2025? And then your commentary on CVI is very, very interesting. I'm just curious, like, which segments are furthest maybe, behind or in the earlier stages of implementing it.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the generic ask answer to your question in terms of the contribution margin contribution with PLS in the overall context of enterprise initiatives, it varies from year to year, Joe, but I'd say, you know, directionally, it's in the 50/50 range, I would say. On CBI, like I said, you know, we have, you know, broad-based kind of improvement on CBI across the portfolio. All seven segments are working on this and making improvements. If I was to call out ones that are probably further ahead, I referenced welding already. You know, automotive, you know, obviously, necessarily so given the level of disruption that we see in automotive markets right now. Food equipment, obviously, a very fertile space for innovation on the back of energy and water savings. And then test measurement electronics, another area where you know, significant change in those end markets around increasing stringency in innovation standards, in quality control standards. Obviously, new materials being developed require new test methods. That's another area where we've had a lot of early success, I would say. But rest assured, all seven segments, you know, we'll see an improvement in innovation contribution as we go forward.
Joe Ritchie: That's helpful, Chris. And if I could maybe just follow-up with one more. I recognize you're planning to do, you know, the billion and a half in buyback this year. You take a look at your balance sheet right now. It's in a good position. If you wanted to lever up another turn, would be pretty easy for you to do a more aggressive buyback. I'm just curious, like, under what scenario would you maybe consider doing maybe a little bit more and be a little bit more aggressive buying back your shares?
Michael Larsen: Yeah, Joe. So the $1.5 billion that we've penciled in for this year is our best estimate of what the surplus capital is gonna be for the company this year. So, you know, once we've fully funded our internal investments for growth and productivity, once we've paid the dividend any acquisitions, and then what's left is allocated to share repurchases. And obviously, to the extent that the performance of the company exceeds kind of the guidance we gave you today, whether it's top line or margins or we still have opportunity on working capital, as I said in my remarks, and that $1.5 billion goes higher than typically, what we would do is allocate that excess surplus capital also to the share buyback program. So maybe one way to think about the $1.5 billion is it's at least $1.5 billion. And to the extent the company performs, you know, better than what we laid out for you today, the number could be higher than that. I think in terms of capital structure, if I may, without getting too technical here, I think we've made some really good adjustments over the last few years in response to a higher interest rate environment. And I'll just point to our interest rate. Our interest expense in the fourth quarter being down year over year, our projection for 2025 is flat to maybe even down slightly. Despite the fact that interest rates are significantly higher. I think if you just look at kinda what other peers are talking about, I think that would compare pretty favorably. And so in terms of capital structure, we would say we're in a pretty optimal place at this point in time. And do not foresee any major changes in terms of capital structure or capital allocation for that matter as we enter into 2025.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much. Hi. Starting back on the tariff topic, I appreciate that it's too early to tell. But can you remind us of your exposure to direct imports from countries like Mexico and also the EU and Canada? The reason I asked last time in 2018, you did provide some numbers around imports from China and how that would impact the P&L. Which was very helpful. So anything you're able to or willing to share now?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think with all the usual caveats, I'll just I'll give you kinda a way to think about this, Tami. The combined imports from China, Canada, and Mexico account for less than 10% of our domestic spend here in the US. So China, it's kind of in the mid-single digit 5%. Five, six percent range. Canada, 2%, Mexico, 2%. So and then, obviously, you know, Europe, slightly different equation there. But that's for those three. So you add that up, and do kinda know, back at the let's just pick China for a moment. Okay? So roughly $250 million of imports from China 10% increase is $25 million. Which means we have to go get price of at least $25 million. And probably a little bit more than that to recover the margin impact as well. So you know, I think the and this is a $16 billion company. So I think that's kinda why combined with our produce where we sell strategy, you know, our ability to read and react at the divisional level, you know, we feel like as we sit here today, this is a manageable equation. We've got a game plan in place that will cover tariff-related material cost inflation with price actions based on, you know, some pretty positive experience doing the same thing coming out of 2017, 2018, and by the way, a very inflationary period coming out of COVID, given the differentiated nature of our businesses, our ability to execute and take care of customers, we feel very good about our ability to offset, you know, those tariff-related cost increases. So pretty much in any scenario that we can think of as we sit here today, we feel like we're in a good spot.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. So a quick follow-up. Minus any tariff-related noise, what is the expectation for price cost for this year that's embedded in the guide?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think Tami, we're kinda back in kind of a normal price cost environment. Historically, we have offset cost increases with price on a dollar basis and also it's been slightly favorable from a margin standpoint as well. So, you know, keep in mind that you know, given the performance and the value of the product and services that we offer. You know, we're in a good position here to get price to offset any potential cost increases.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hey, Julian. Hi. Good afternoon.
Michael Larsen: Hey. Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just the first question around the top line sort of cadence. You know, understood, Michael, what you said about Q1. Yeah. The first half share of earnings. Anything you'd call out on the sort of top line movement through the year and anything on sort of any segments we should bear in mind when looking at the slide eleven weightings.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think, Julian, typically, I'll refer to kind of the typical seasonality. And so what usually happens from Q4 to Q1 revenues sequentially declined by kinda 3% ish with a little bit more than that last year. In 2024 and in 2023. If that happens, that's about a little over $100 million. That's organic growth that's down about one. And then foreign currency with rates as we sit here today adds another three points of pressure. So now you got revenues kinda down in that three to five range. Margins typically start out at the lower end in Q1 and kind of progress from there as we go through the year. Just like top line, by the way, goes up Q1 to Q2. Q2 Q3 is about flat, and then there's another pickup again from Q3 to Q4. And then we have these non-operational headwinds beyond currency, including, you know, somewhat higher restructuring in the first half of 2025. All related to 80/20 front to back project, the TADA. These are projects less than a year payback that are feeding the enterprise savings to margin improvement that we are putting up every quarter, that will be more weighted towards the first and the second quarter, and we have a little bit of headwind on the tax rate as well in the first half. So you add all that up, know, just relative to Q4, EPS $2.54. Revenue's probably ten cents of EPS headwind. Going into Q1 and then maybe another ten cents of headwind from the combination of higher restructuring expense and a higher tax rate. So that's that 22% of the full year number that we gave you for the first quarter. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. That's great. Thank you, Michael. And maybe just wanted to focus perhaps on specialty products for a second. You know, that was one segment that definitely caught the eye the first quarter, few quarters of last year, seems to be, you know, normalizing somewhat on sales in the fourth quarter. So how are we thinking about margins in specialty for the year ahead? There's a lot going on there with PLS and restructuring or reorganization there, it looks like. Maybe just kinda flesh out what the plan is in specialty and any more details on the year ahead there, please.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So as you pointed out, Julian, very solid year in specialty in 2024. You know, some strength in areas like aerospace and then strong demand in areas like food and beverage packaging equipment and so on. And then as we called out, you know, all through the year, this has all been done at a time when we were doing some strategic portfolio repositioning for long-term growth. And that's certainly, you know, with a significant impact in Q4 as you saw both hundred basis points. There's some carryover on this in 2025. But we expect growth in specialty in 2025 despite the PLS. We also expect margin improvement in specialty in 2025. And the objective here is to make this segment a 4% grower in the long term. And based on 2022 to 2024 performance, we're certainly well on our way to doing that.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Sure. Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nigel Cole with Research?
Nigel Cole: Oh, good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to talk about the 90 bps of margin expansion at the midpoint, x items. In general sense on where you see. Know you don't provide margin guidance by segment, but if you could just make any comments the best opportunities for, Omex and we're perhaps you know, those below the bar. And in particular, I just wanted to try and dig into the auto margins just given, you know, first half relatively depressed. And that the extra rate close to 20%. So just wondering you're seeing in auto specifically.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So Nigel, you're right. We don't really give margin guidance by segment, but what I can tell you is that we expect based on kind of the bottom-up projection that we received, from our segments at Plantheim, we expect every one of our segments to improve margins in 2025. And that's based on what they told us, not what Chris and I would like to see. You know? And so I think, obviously, the businesses that are the segment that are a little further along in terms of the journey towards 30%. So if you think about welding, I think those you know, it can be a little bit more challenging. You know, if you without getting too detailed, just look at the growth at five, forty percent incrementals, you get less of margin improvement in welding than you do, for example, in automotive. Now in automotive, you're right. We're not counting on a lot of lift here from in fact, we're counting on a market that's down in the low single digits. And the big driver here in 2025 is the enterprise initiatives. And so that's really that's what's fueling the margin improvement in that you know, call it a hundred basis points of margin improvement in automotive in 2025. So we still you know, we've got a lot of things that are still within our control from a margin improvement standpoint. Independent of volume, that's a great place to be. We'd love to see some operating leverage. And if you just look at it as an example. If you we try to call it specialty products, you know, a little you know, 3% growth and suddenly margins are up, you know, more than 300 basis points. And that's so they're the incrementals when this growth starts to come through. At least in the near term, I'm gonna be you know, quite a bit higher than our kinda historical 35% to 40% incremental margins. And that's really from there, that's where the margin improvement really accelerates. So hopefully, that's helpful, Nigel.
Nigel Cole: It is, Michael. Yeah. Thanks. And just I just wanna double click into that one key restructuring. This is fifteen cents. I think it's fifty-five, sixty million dollars of pretax investments. Just given that you don't disclose restructuring by setting and any help in terms of where you see the heaviest impacts across portfolio?
Michael Larsen: I'd rather not get into that level of detail now. So we'll call it out when we report. Q1. You'll be able to see kind of we've got that schedule in the back of the press release that laid out the restructuring. Suffice it to say that, you know, there's opportunity for, you know, further margin improvement in every one of these segments. And know, I'd rather not get into the specifics in terms of by segment for the first half. Now just to be clear, the EPS headwind on a year-over-year basis that we called out from restructuring and the tax rate was fifteen to twenty cents. Per share. About half of that is tax and the other half is restructuring. And eighty percent of that restructuring is gonna is planned for the first half of 2025. So it'll be a little bit of a challenging start to the year in terms of the headline numbers. And, you know, we'll help with calling out kind of those non-operational headwinds as we go through the year. But just from a modeling standpoint, we wanna make sure everybody was kinda clear on how the year might unfold.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. Michael, your comment about, you know, your position to take advantage of an inevitable recovery is encouraging. You know, just curious as you look at the end markets and I think about kind of volumes and cycles, know, what you're looking at, whether it's kinda re or whether it's end market and segment, but, you know, where you think you're gonna see things get better earliest and any perspective from a volume standpoint in terms of, you know, how depressed some of these markets are?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Joe, I wish I could help you there. I mean, I think my crystal ball is not any better than yours. You know, I think the reference to, you know, taking advantage of the recovery was specific to what we're seeing in semi and electronics. I think if you look at some of you know, so that's one cycle that certainly, you know, for two years has been pretty challenged. I think the same could be said for some of our capex driven businesses. Test and measurement, you know, the Instron business, positive growth in Q4, but not the typical kinda five, six, seven organic that you would expect in that business over the long run. You know, welding certainly encouraged that the business is now, you know, flat. Ish in Q4 and down low single digits for the full year. That's a cycle know, typically, those cycles last six to eight quarters, and that's kinda where we're at right now. So the only thing I can just give these are just kinda anecdotal thoughts on where things go from here. But things change quickly. This is you know, we're operating in a pretty fluid and pretty dynamic demand environment with you know, things change pretty quickly here. We, as you know, are more short cycle oriented. So our focus is really on how do we make sure we position ourselves for long-term above-market organic growth in these businesses, continue to invest through these cycles, leveraging our financial position to do so, and then when these recoveries come, we're gonna be in a great spot to compete and gain share and grow with new product. So really the focus that we're talking about.
Joe O'Dea: No. I appreciate the call appreciate that color. And then on tariffs and pricing and how you manage the uncertainty, the question is just how quickly you can implement pricing through the system and I'm sure that's not a one size fits all kind of answer, but, you know, living in an environment where you can have such headline whiplash, kind of how you approach that and how long it takes to get pricing in response to, you know, what you would anticipate tariffs could be.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So, Joe, you're correct. It's not really a one size fits all answer because we have, obviously, 84 divisions and 84 different kind of circumstances and opportunity profiles around pricing. But what I can assure you is that, you know, given the decentralized nature of the company, given the fact that decisions are made very close to our customers, then, you know, our nimbleness means that we are quicker to read and react more than most. So there's not a huge lag with us for that reason. Not a whole lot of approvals that are needed to implement pricing. It's done on the ground in the division, close to the customer, relative to the circumstantial opportunity profile that the division sees.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning. Good morning. Just to follow-up on short cycle industrial names. So just TMM and E and welding. So just to confirm, we're not modeling any ramp of organic growth this year. And more structurally, once again, just to confirm, if PMI is sustainably over fifty, how fast can these businesses grow, and should we think sort of high single digits as possible in a robust cyclical recovery?
Michael Larsen: I think, Andrew, that's that it's impossible to answer that question. I mean, I think we have models based on current levels of demand. We are not modeling a recovery in any of these end markets, including welding and test and measurement. If that indeed happens, you know, we will take full advantage of the growth opportunities. You know, historically, coming out of cycles like this, it's not uncommon to see quarterly growth rates in kind of the mid and maybe even high single digits, but every recovery, as you know, is different. And you know, as we'd like to say, we're not economists here. You know, we are so there's no incentive for us to try to forecast where things go just given the short cycle nature of our businesses. So I'm sorry I can't help you.
Andrew Obin: No. No. That's a great answer. Thank you. And just on food equipment, you know, solid growth in fourth quarter. Right? 3% plus versus the kind of third quarter. Guidance for 1% to 3% organic growth. So why would things decelerate from the fourth quarter? Are you seeing pressure anywhere?
Michael Larsen: No. We're not seeing pressure. It's basically again based on, you know, sequential run rates over time, not just the fourth quarter. We are very encouraged about food generally. I would say, you know, we've seen this continued recovery in service. Still not quite back at pre-pandemic levels here. We hope just to refresh we are the only major manufacturer in captive service business and this it's a real differentiator for us. Because it used to be a very first iteration environment in food equipment, as I said earlier around things like water and energy savings. We see continued end market strength in areas like institutions. And then, geographically, I think China and Latin America are expected to be solid geographically. But that's the kind of the view on food equipment. We expect a solid 2025 on the back of a solid 2024. So, Andrew, I'd say we share your optimism, and we'll pass that on to the team that runs the business. Okay. And we'll see how they do this year. But, you know, 1% to 3% further margin improvement, service business is really performing at a good level now given the investments that we talked about. And so we're really feeling good about how we're positioned going into 2025 in food equipment.
Operator: Great. And thank you everyone for your time today. This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kathleen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Erin Linnihan, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Kathleen. Good morning and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2024 conference call. Today, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Chris O'Hairlehy, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's third quarter financial results and provide an update on our outlook for full year 2024. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's 2023 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Chris O'Hairlehy. Chris?
Chris O'Hairlehy: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release this morning, during the third quarter, the market demand environment continued to moderate across our portfolio with further softness in the Automotive and Construction markets. Overall, third quarter revenues came in approximately half a percentage point, or $25 million below what they would have been had demand held at the level we were seeing exiting the second quarter. That said, the slowdown in Q3 was less than in Q2, where revenue came in approximately one percentage point, or $50 million below run rate. As a result, third quarter organic revenue declined 1%, with five segments down year-over-year, partially offset by growth in two segments. This 1% revenue decline compares to our end markets, which we believe were down in the low to mid-single digits. As we have all year, the ITW team continued to successfully navigate and overcome these market challenges with strong operational execution. Those efforts resulted in operating income of $1.05 billion with operating margin of 26.5%, which included a 130 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives. With little operating leverage, six of seven segments still increased operating margin, resulting in segment operating margin expansion of a 110 basis points. EPS grew 4% to $2.65, excluding the gains from the divestiture that Michael will review in more detail. The continued contribution from enterprise initiatives, regardless of volume, speaks to the power and resilience of our business model. And it is notable that for the first time, three of our segments delivered operating margin above 30% in the quarter. And we are well on our way to achieve our goal of 30% operating margin for the company by 2030. Our continued focused execution and typical operational excellence have enabled ITW to effectively counter persistent market headwinds and achieve increased profitability, where we continue to invest to maximize growth and performance over the long term. Consistent with our long-term commitment to return surplus capital to shareholders by an attractive and growing dividend, on August 2nd, we announced our 61st consecutive dividend increase, raising our dividend by 7%. And year-to-date, we have repurchased more than $1.1 billion of our outstanding shares. Today, we are raising our full-year GAAP EPS guidance by a $1.33, from a range of $10.30 to $10.40, to a new range of $11.63 to $11.73, to incorporate the impact of the divestiture gain and a lower projected tax rate for the full year. Based on current levels of demand exiting Q3, we are maintaining our previous operational guidance for revenue and organic growth to be approximately flat for the year and our operating margin to be between 26.5% and 27%. While the ITW team is in a commendable job managing the short-term challenges this year, perhaps more importantly, we continue to deliver solid progress on our next phase enterprise strategy priorities. As we outlined to you a year ago, the central focus of the next phase of our enterprise strategy is to elevate high-quality organic growth and customer-backed innovation as key ITW differentiators, on par with our best-in-class operational capabilities and financial performance. This quarter, we made further progress in our journey to achieve this strategic goal. We believe that customer-backed innovation, or CBI as we call it, is the most impactful driver of our ability to consistently grow revenue above market. In essence, the customer-backed innovation revenue of today fuels the ability to drive market penetration and share gain in the future. Over the past few years, we've made progress on expanding our revenue from CBI from less than a percent in 2017 to approximately 2% today. And at our September Leadership conference, we launched the next phase CBI framework for our 84 divisions around the world. Just as we successfully focused the entire organization on 80-20 front-to-back over a decade ago, we are now doubling down on customer-backed innovation. And I, for one, can feel the energy, excitement, and momentum from our team as they implement this strategy at each division. With our continued laser focus on our typical do-what-we-say execution, it is with strong conviction that I know we will build above-market organic growth fueled by customer-backed innovation into a defining ITW strength. In concluding my remarks, I want to thank all of our ITW colleagues around the world for their exceptional efforts and dedication in serving our customers with excellence and driving continuous progress on our path to ITW's full potential. I now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our Q3 performance and full year guidance in more detail. Michael.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 3, and as expected, the third quarter ended up looking a lot like the second quarter with continued strong operational execution in a moderating demand environment. Total revenue declined 1.6%, with organic revenue down 1.4%. Foreign currency translation reduced revenue by 0.4%, and acquisitions increased revenue by 0.2%. On a geographic basis, organic revenue declined about 3% in North America. Europe was down 0.5% and Asia Pacific was down 1% with China, essentially flat. In this environment, the ITW team continued to focus and execute well on the things that we can control as evidenced by six of our seven segments, expanding operating margin, driven primarily by enterprise initiatives that contributed between 70 and a 180 basis points to each segment and a 130 basis points at the enterprise level. Third quarter operating margin was 26.5%, up 30 basis points sequentially from the second quarter and flat with the prior year due to a tough comparison. As you may recall, last year's Q3 margin of 26.5% expanded 200 basis points compared to 2022 due in part to the favorable impact of a few corporate items that we discussed on the call last year, including a one-time insurance recovery. Excluding those one-time items last year and looking just at segment operating margin, which is included in the press release tables, our segment operating margin increased by a 110 basis points compared to the prior year, which is more in line with our typical margin expansion on a quarterly basis. GAAP EPS of $3.91 was up 53% and included a $1.26 gain from the divestiture of our non-controlling equity interest in Wilsonart. Excluding this gain, EPS of $2.65 was an increase of 4% year-over-year. I want to spend a minute on a previously announced Wilsonart divestiture. The proceeds from the transaction, net of transaction costs were approximately $395 million, which we reduced to reduce our commercial paper balance. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of $363 million and income taxes on the gain were more than offset by a discrete tax benefit of a $107 million related to the utilization of capital loss carry forwards, which resulted in the favorable GAAP EPS impact of a $1.26. Free cash flow was $783 million, which was 102% conversion of adjusted net income. And as Chris mentioned in the third quarter, we raised our dividend by 7% to an annualized payout of $6 per share, which marks our 61st consecutive year of increases. And as planned, we repurchased $375 million of our own shares during the quarter. The effective tax rate in the quarter of 14.9% was below our typical tax rate in the 24% to 25% range. As you can see from the reconciliation, the press release, the tax rate was favorably impacted by several discrete items in the quarter, including the Wilsonart transaction. Excluding these discrete items, our core tax rate was 23.7%. So in summary, the third quarter looked a lot like the second quarter with moderating, but also stable demand and solid operating margin and profitability performance as we continue to focus and execute well on the things that we can control. Please turn to Slide 4, for a look at our year-to-date segment margin performance. And as you can see from the table on the left side, six of our seven segments have expanded their already best-in-class margins year-to-date and three segments by more than a 100 basis points. Food Equipment is a bit of an outlier due to the growth investments in our service business and specifically the near-term inefficiencies associated with on-boarding of new service technicians to support accelerated organic growth in this business. This margin headwind is now largely behind the Food Equipment segment as evidenced by a 110 basis points of margin improvement in the third quarter. Total company margin is up a 180 basis points, which in fairness includes a 100 basis points from the one-time LIFO adjustment in the first quarter, but still solid performance in the current environment. Moving to the segments and starting with Automotive OEM, organic revenue declined 3% in the third quarter as industry build rates continue to come down. North America was down 6% as the D3 customer bills were down 9%. Europe was down 5% and China was down 2%. Compared to the automobile industry build data, the segment has outperformed bills by about 200 basis points year-to-date and we expect similar outperformance in the fourth quarter. The segment also delivered solid operating margin performance of 19.4% and 50 basis points increase despite lower volume and we expect more progress in the fourth quarter and next year as we continue to work towards our long-term goal of achieving operating margins in the low to mid 20s by 2026 in this segment. Turn to Slide 5, organic revenue in Food Equipment was about flat against a tough comp of plus 6% last year as equipment was down 4% and offset by service, which grew 7%. Regionally, North America was down 2% after being up 10% last year with institutional sales about flat as healthcare was up mid single digits and restaurants were down about 10%. International was solid up 3% with the service business up 8% and Europe up 4%. Operating margin improved a 110 basis points due to the service margin normalizing and a solid contribution from enterprise initiatives. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect margin to continue to improve as we go through the year. Test & Measurement and Electronics, organic revenue was down only 1% after being down 3% last quarter with stable demand in Semiconductor Electronics and CapEx sensitive end markets. While Test & Measurement was down 3%, Electronics was up 1% in the quarter after being down 3% last quarter. And this marked the first quarter of positive growth in Electronics since the end of 2022. And we're beginning to see increased Semiconductor customer activity suggesting that perhaps we are near a bottom for this market. As we've discussed before, we remain very well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities in this space when the inevitable recovery does happen. Operating margin expanded by 190 basis points in the quarter to 25.7%. Moving on to Slide 6, Welding's organic revenue declined 1%, a meaningful improvement from being down 5% in the second quarter as both Equipment and Consumables revenue declined 1%. Both America revenue was down 2% but International was up 6% with solid growth in Europe and China. As we talked about at the beginning of the year, the Welding team was planning on a solid contribution to the top line from the launch of new products, which in the third quarter resulted in a 3% plus contribution to growth. And this is just one of many examples inside the company that illustrates how continued progress on CBI as Chris was talking about, gives our segments the ability to gain share and outgrow their end markets. Operating margin of 32.3% was a third quarter record for the Welding segment. Polymers & Fluids, organic revenue grew 1% with Polymers up 10% due to international strength and Fluids was up 3%. Automotive aftermarket, which as you know, is tied closely to consumer discretionary spending was down 3% in the quarter. On a geographic basis, North America declined 5% and International grew 11% with Europe again showing solid demand. Turn to Slide 7, organic revenue in Construction products was down 9% as Construction end markets took a sizable step back from the second quarter with new housing starts down 10% on an annualized basis as compared to down 6% in the second quarter. As a result, North America declined 10% with residential down 12% and commercial construction down 7%. Europe was down 4% and Australia and New Zealand was down 11%. Despite the lower volume, operating margin of 30.2% was a record for the segment with another significant contribution from enterprise initiatives. Finally, specialty products had a solid quarter with organic revenue growth of 6% with strength across the portfolio as both Equipment and Consumables were up 6%. North America was up 8% and International grew 2%. The 6% growth rate for the segment included about 200 basis points of PLS or product line simplification in the quarter. As we continue to make progress on repositioning some of our specialty products divisions for consistent above market organic growth. We expect about 300 basis points of PLS in the fourth quarter and that the segment will be flat to up low single digits for the full year. Operating margin expanded 330 basis points to 31.1%, a third quarter record for the segment with strong contributions from operating leverage and enterprise initiatives. Moving to Slide 8 and our updated full year 2024 guidance. As you've seen all year, the ITW team continues to execute at a very high level and find a way to leverage our business model and high quality diversified business portfolio to deliver solid operational and financial results in a challenging demand environment. Looking ahead at the fourth quarter, we do not expect the near-term demand environment to improve, and as usual, our guidance is based on current levels of demand, seasonally adjusted, and foreign currency exchange rates. As a result, we're maintaining our previous projection for revenue and organic growth to be approximately flat for the year. We're also maintaining our full year operating margin guidance, which is projected to be between 26.5% and 27%, an improvement of a 165 basis points at the midpoint, with enterprise initiatives contributing more than a 100 basis points. As you saw in the press release, we incorporated the impact of the Wilsonart divestiture gain and a lower projected effective tax rate of 21.5% for the full year into our EPS guidance, as we raised GAAP EPS guidance from a range of $10.30 to $10.40 per share by $1.33 to a new range of $11.63 to $11.73 per share. Excluding the Wilsonart gain, EPS range is $10.37 to $10.47 per share, or $10.42 at the midpoint. So, in summary, while the overall demand environment remains pretty uncertain and challenging in the near term, we remain laser-focused on leveraging ITW's unique strengths and capabilities to optimize our ability to deliver differentiated performance over the long term. And with that, Erin, I'll turn it back to you.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Michael. Kathleen, will you please open the queue for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague : Hello. Good morning, everyone.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague : Good morning. Hey, I just wanted to sort of pick up sort of where you left off there, Michael, with kind of the trends into the fourth quarter. I don't know, unless my math is wrong, I think kind of sequentially you're looking at revenues of maybe 4% or 5%, when normally they declined slightly. So, was your exit rate in September or your early read in October kind of better than what we saw in the quarter in aggregate? Or maybe you could just clarify if I'm missing anything there.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, sure, Jeff. So, let me start by saying, as you know, we don't give quarterly guidance. And as you were trying to do based on our year-to-date performance and our full year guidance, you can get pretty close in terms of figuring out Q4. But maybe let me try to help out a little bit. So, I'd say at a high level, Q4 looks a lot like Q3. Typically what we see from a seasonality standpoint is a sequential improvement in revenues from Q3 to Q4, about a point to a point and a half. And that's going all the way back to 2017. So, at current run rates, typically we're up a point to a point and a half. We do have easier comparisons in the fourth quarter. And for what it's worth, there's also an extra shipping day in the quarter. So, you add all that up, we get to about flat revenues on a year-over-year basis. We expect, again, our typical margin improvement of about 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So, that is a slight decline from Q3 to Q4, which is kind of the typical seasonality. And the main driver here remains another strong contribution from the enterprise initiatives. And then factoring in a more kind of normal tax rate for us in that 24%, 25% range. And you get to EPS at the midpoint. And I'm just doing the math. I'm not giving guidance that's in that 2.51 range for the fourth quarter. So, I'll just add, while we're talking about the fourth quarter, we do expect a strong quarter, again, from a free cash flow standpoint. And we're projecting some meaningful improvement on our inventory levels in the fourth quarter, which is not easy in the current demand environment. So, hopefully that's helpful, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague : Yes. No, it's very helpful. Thanks for that color. And then just kind of secondarily, your business in China is not huge. It's very important for Auto, though. And it was just kind of interesting that China Welding was solid. A lot of cross-currents there. Like, we had some pretty ugly China numbers out of Trane and Otis today. Those are different businesses, obviously. But maybe this is for Chris. Can you just maybe give us your bigger picture view on what's going on there? And also just kind of given the importance of Auto, anything in this kind of China-Europe tariff spat around Automotive influence your view or outlook at all?
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yeah. So, I think from the Auto China standpoint, Jeff, I mean, China builds this year in Auto are expected to be up 1%. We expect to be up 8%. So, our businesses continue to penetrate very successfully in China. And EV obviously is a large part of the story, given the fact that China is producing about 60% of the world's EVs. But we're making very strong penetration gains in EV in China, as evidenced by the market growth. In Auto in general, we expect to be up a couple of percent against flat builds this year. Sorry, flat versus negative down 2% -- up 2%, I would say as we have been kind of historically would expect to be on into the future. And that that strength has been pretty much across all three geographies, Europe, North America, but especially in China.
Michael Larsen: So, let me just add a little bit of color. So, I think if you look at the third quarter, about flat with Auto, as we said down 2. And certainly some challenges also in Test & Measurement down single-digit, low single-digits, same in Food Equipment. So, strength in Welding which is tied to oil and gas, LNG, transportation, and also some strength in our specialty products, appliance business. So, you all add up, you get to about flat for the quarter, up 6% year-to-date. We think in the fourth quarter, as Chris said, we'll see a pickup on the Automotive side, continued strength in Welding. And so, Q4 should be kind of flat, maybe up a low single-digit and the full year up in that 5% range. So, as we sit here today, I think we feel pretty good about China. I know there's a lot of talk about stimulus and so forth. We haven't seen a lot of that yet. So, if that's still to come, that would certainly be helpful. But as we sit here today, we feel pretty good about China.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook : Hi, good morning.
Michael Larsen: Morning.
Jamie Cook : I have two questions. One, I was impressed with the specialty growth in the quarter despite headwinds from PLS and I know Specialty is special, because there's a lot of different businesses in there. Can you just sort of break down what you're seeing within that business? What segments drove sort of the organic growth? That would be my first question. And then I'll give you my follow-up after that.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yeah. So, Jamie, I think a good part of the Specialty story is strengthened Aerospace. We have one particular business that's focused on Aerospace. And again, we saw about 30% growth in that business this quarter. We saw, I'd say, pockets of strong demand I think throughout the segment, areas like consumer packaging. Consumer packaging equipment were also pretty strong. And we did have some favorable comms in Specialty versus last year. But even with all that, we expect Specialty to be up kind of low single-digits for the full year. And it's really strengthening our conviction that on the basis of the strategic portfolio positioning we've been doing in that segment, which involves some, as we said before, some product line pruning throughout the segment which is certainly choppy, and it's creating a bit of a drag, as Michael just indicated a couple of 100 basis points this year. But what it does, what this is all doing is really strengthening our conviction that the objective to make Specialty a 4% grower in the long term is well on track here. And everything we've seen this year gives us a strong belief that we can do that.
Michael Larsen: And I think the only thing I'd add is just, Jamie, if you look at the margin performance, you can see what happens at ITW, and this is not unique to Specialty when you get a little bit of operating leverage, suddenly you're in that 31% plus range, which is certainly very encouraging and gives us, as we said earlier, a lot of conviction and ability to get to that 30% target at the enterprise level with three segments this quarter above 30%, which is, that's the first time that's happened. And again, that's with very little operating leverage. So that's certainly really, really gives -- pretty encouraging as we look also into next year in terms of the momentum around the margin performance of the company continues.
Jamie Cook : And that's helpful, because I think some of the bears think the 30% plus is challenging for you guys to do. So it's nice to see that. I guess one more follow up. Chris, you talked about market outgrowth in Auto. You talked about Welding from the new product introductions, and even on Food, the increased service effort. As you go through CBI, and you're now, you've been with ITW forever, but CEO for a longer period of time. Are there any businesses that you're considering are more challenged, like over the longer term that you think is going to be tough to get to the organic growth targets that you have? You don't have to say which ones, but just understanding if there's any difference in how you're thinking about the portfolio relative to when you first took over. Thanks.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Not at all, Jamie. I think if we go back to Investor Day last year, we were very overt in our comments that we felt that all seven of our segments have the capability to grow 4% plus. And we certainly believe that today, and even more so. With respect to CBI, the CBI opportunity, I think is very relevant across all seven segments. And we're at different points in terms of the development around that. But I think, everything we've seen would indicate that all these segments have a pretty fertile innovation environment, have critical customer pain points that are there to be solved. We're certainly mobilizing the company around that in very similar way to where we mobilized the company around front to back 10, 12 years ago. With the same kind of capability build and investment in resources, a much higher level of leadership kind of time and focus around CBI, we have lots of great innovation practice across the company. And we've now codified that into a very effective innovation framework. And this is the exact same approach that we took on 80-20 front to back, which as we know was very successful. And we've seen this. I mean, this is not something that's starting today. We've been working on this for a couple of years now in terms of focused investment in resources and CBI. And we've seen that in terms of the improvement in yield that we've seen from CBI. So there is a lot of conviction here that the yield improvement from one to somewhere over two today will be north of three in due course. And we have a very clear path to doing that. And like I said, that's going to result in improvements in every one of our segments on the ultimate journey to having every one of these segments growing at 4 plus.
Jamie Cook : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citi Group. Please go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz : Hey, good morning, everyone.
Michael Larsen: Morning, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz : Chris and Michael, I know you've been hopeful about a turn in Test & Measurement for much of this year. And you did mention maybe more positive discussions with Semiconductor customers and you did see Electronics turn positive. So maybe you can give us some more color on the conversations you're having. The outlook obviously, you're always going to predict run rates, but as you go into ‘25, do you see a better outlook for the segment?
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yeah, I think based on the customer conversations that we are having, we're starting to see a bottoming, particularly in Semi. Just to characterize, Semi is about 15% of Test & Measurement. It represents a couple of percent of ITW's revenues. So just to put it in context, but there's no doubt that we saw a bottoming and slight improvement in this, I think, in the third quarter. Electronics, similarly, had been down for quite a while, significantly down earlier this year. It's starting to bottom there as well. And then I think an important kind of bellwether for us, the Instron business, which is a critical business within Test & Measurement, had very solid growth during the quarter. And that's certainly encouraging as we look here for the balance of the year and on into next year.
Andy Kaplowitz : It's helpful, Chris. And then, Michael, I think you mentioned, I think, what you call the solid step back in Construction markets in Q3. Do you see any hint of stabilization as you go toward the end of the year in those markets? I mean, obviously, we started a U.S. rate cutting cycle. Maybe what changed in Q3 versus Q2 in your businesses that led to this step down?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, Andy, we're talking about our most interest rate-sensitive segment. So, I think what we're seeing here is a market that's down in the low teens. I pointed in the script to kind of the housing start numbers being down 10% on an annualized basis, which kind of mirrors our business in North America. Maybe we're a little bit better than that. And then we're seeing similar type of softness in Australia, New Zealand, which is a meaningful part of our business. So, I think at this point, it's really too early to point to any signs or indicators that things are getting better here. Over the long term, certainly the fact that interest rates appear to be coming down has been a leading indicator, but we've not seen anything to suggest that things are picking up in Construction at this point. So, and I'll just say in that context, I think it's even more remarkable that we -- the team put up margins of 30% plus here in the third quarter in an environment that's certainly pretty challenging. So, and about as challenging as we see across the company at this point in the cycle.
Andy Kaplowitz : Appreciate it, guys.
Michael Larsen: Sure. See you, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Tami Zakaria : Hi, good morning, Team ITW. Hope you're doing well.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Good morning, team Tami.
Tami Zakaria : Thank you. So, my first question is on margins. Very nice margin performance in the quarter. I'm curious, what was price cost in the quarter? And more broadly, how are you thinking about Enterprise initiative and related margin improvement potential in 2025? It seems like almost like an endless well at this point, and I mean it positively. So, any forward-looking comments about Enterprise initiatives and what you're expecting for next year would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, let me do price cost and then, Chris, if you can add some commentary on Enterprise initiatives. But I think at this point Tami, as we said before, price cost has kind of normalized. This is no longer a distraction as it was back in ‘21, ‘22, and ‘23. At this point, price dollars are ahead of costs on a dollar basis and modestly positive from a margin standpoint. Now, that, just to be clear, doesn't mean that costs are coming down, particularly Electronics, Energy in certain geographies, components that have labor content. We're also seeing it in our employee costs, health and welfare, and other pockets, overhead costs such as just to point out, rental expense, leases, software licenses. So, we have to continue to be very diligent in this area and make sure that we get price to offset all of these pressures. But overall, nothing significant to point to on the price cost equation. And then maybe on the Enterprise initiatives, Chris.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Sure. So Tami as we said, Enterprise initiatives continue to be an important contributor to results. And how we think about these initiatives is that these initiatives, they are independent of volume and they're really an outcome of the continuous improvement mindset that's very much part of ITW's DNA, I would say. And this is what really drives this divisional kind of quality of practice and 80-20 front to back in sourcing. And typically very bottom-up initiatives driven by our talented people in our divisions at a very granular level. Most of these initiatives are in the couple of hundred thousand dollar range and in terms of individually. But when you have 84 divisions, these add up to a very meaningful number. So, the divisions have a lot of visibility, ownership, and accountability on these. And the track record has indicated over the last 11 years, our divisions are going to do what they say when they forecast these. So, our confidence on enterprise initiatives going forward, that this will continue really is an outcome of this strong ownership and accountability that resides in our divisions and the strong continuous improvement mindset that I refer to that's really hardwired into our divisions at this point. And the case of 80-20, as we know, this is the gift that keeps on giving. So, with that we certainly see an ongoing contribution from Enterprise initiatives going forward, including in 2025. And this is a fundamental part of how we drive differentiated execution in any environment.
Tami Zakaria : Got it. That is very helpful. Thank you. And my second question is more strategic. So, there's a lot of optimism around data centers, AI, power generation, power demand, so on and so forth. How do you assess these opportunities internally? Do you see an opportunity for ITW to increase this exposure to some of these trends, maybe organically or through acquisitions? So, how do you evaluate some of these scenes?
Chris O'Hairlehy: So, I think as it relates to data centers specifically, we have standard characteristics of businesses that we would pursue for acquisition based on sustainable differentiation. So, if an opportunity came along that was data center related and met our normal criteria, then we'd be all in based on the characteristics of having a business that could grow above market, that we could leverage our business model, and we could acquire at the right valuation. And that applies to everything, not just data centers. So, we don't have a specific focus on data centers. We kind of look at all these things on an equal basis in terms of their long-term attractiveness for us.
Tami Zakaria : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O’Dea : Hi. Good morning. First, just wanted to ask on, and kind of specific to North America, but interested in kind of CapEx versus OpEx trends, and I think appreciating a pretty quick book and ship model. I'm not sure how much you would see this, but we do hear about inquiry activity being better than order activity out there. And so, curious the degree to which you see some of that or hear some of that from your salesforce and customer tone. As I think about rates starting to come down, I think some folks waiting for getting post-election, and just the idea that you're getting a sense that there is some pent up demand that hasn't moved forward with some uncertainty overhang, and thoughts on that potentially moving forward nearer term.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Well, I think, Joe, I'd start by saying we're not economists and we're not trying to predict the impossible here, which is where the economy is going. We are, as you said much more short cycle. Our divisions do a great job kind of reading and reacting to what's going on in their respective end markets. I would just make a broader comment based on what we saw in the third quarter, which is some stability in the more CapEx sensitive businesses. So, I'll point to Welding, as I mentioned. I'll point to Test & Measurement, including our Instron business, which was up in a meaningful way on a year-to-year basis and improved kind of quoting and order activity. So, maybe that squares with what you were talking about. And then the softness in Q3 was really much more tied to Construction and Automotive production, specifically with our customers, with the T3 customers. But certainly some stability in CapEx, and we'll see where it goes from here. We're modeling based on current run rates. So, based on what we're seeing in our businesses today, and we'll see how it all plays out as we go into 2025. And interest rates maybe -- would be a little helpful if they came lower for sure. So…
Joe O’Dea : Nope, I appreciate that color. And then just wanted to ask on CBI, as we think about it becoming sort of a growing initiative. Just what it means on the R&D side and the degree to which you can keep R&D relative to sales at sort of similar levels or what you're doing there, as we would think, to drive more innovation you might need to allocate a little bit more there.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yeah, so for us spend in R&D or innovation is largely an outcome of basically request more divisions. Basically, we fund all the good projects. We've been making over the last three or four years, making very focused investments in areas like innovation and strategic marketing. We expect that to continue. But if that number was to go up, that's not a problem for us. It's really an outcome of funding all these good projects. And our teams are really focused on their 80 opportunities in their markets with their key customers. And whatever we spend in R&D typically is an outcome of that. And we're very happy to spend it because it's typically money well spent on the degree of focus that our businesses have.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. And just from a numerical standpoint, I'd say, R&D spend the way we've defined it here over the years is about 1.8% of sales. So as sales grow, so will the R&D dollar spend. And we don't foresee any significant change in that as we go forward. As Chris said, we really fund every project that our divisions put forward and that's important to them. And so that's how we approach it here. Really in terms of it's an outcome of this process that Chris described.
Joe O’Dea : Appreciate it. Thank you.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sabrina Abrams of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Sabrina Abrams : Hi, good morning. As a follow up to some of the CBI commentary and questions, I think back at your investor day, the framework for CBI for segment was about 2% to 3% contribution and its most meaningful driver to reach long term targets. Are you on track for that this year? And I understand it's relevant to all seven segments. But maybe if you could provide any color on which segments you think are more mature in this journey.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yeah, so we're very much on track to do 3% plus inline with our target by 2030, if not indeed before that, based on the progress that we are making. We're at varying levels of accomplishment currently across our seven segments. I would point to Welding as an example. This year, as we've highlighted, Michael highlighted his commentary, our Welding business is suffering some significant end market challenges, but we're getting north of 3% contribution CBI in Welding. As we forecasted at the beginning of the year, several new product launches. So Welding will be one, Test & Measurement, Electronics, obviously an area of significant attractiveness around innovation in the context of what's going on in those markets. New materials being developed, all of which require to be tested, increasing stringency in areas like R&D and in quality control, all of which requires more and more sophisticated testing equipment which really speaks to our competitive advantages. And then the other one I'd highlight is Food Equipment. Food Equipment, sustainability in areas of energy savings, water savings is a very fertile innovation environment, and we've managed to leverage that for several years. And the other one, of course, I point to is Auto. Auto, given the disruptive nature of Auto right now, particularly with the increased penetration of electric vehicles, provides enormous opportunity for innovation. And we're capitalizing on that as evidenced by the fact that our electric vehicle penetration into electric vehicles is higher than the market average. So, I feel pretty good about all seven segments, but those are the four that I'd highlight right now.
Sabrina Abrams : Thank you. And it seems some of the above average PLS in Specialty products is behind us and that business is growing nicely. You guys got rid of Wilsonart. Moving past some of this portfolio rationalization, is there more appetite to do M&A, given some of these divestitures are behind us?
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yes, I would say our posture on M&A hasn't changed. And since we outlined this at the leadership conference. And we've got a pretty disciplined portfolio strategy. We believe clear and well-defined view of what fits our strategy. And so it's a case of us finding the right opportunities. And for us, we're focused on high quality acquisitions that extend our ability to grow at a minimum 4% over the long term. That's the first criteria. The second criteria we look at is that we're able to leverage the business model to improve margins and then obviously acquiring the business at the right valuation to provide a decent long term return for our shareholders. We review opportunities on an ongoing basis, but we're very selective on the basis of these criteria. And if I could point to MTS as an example, MTS was an example of an acquisition we did 2.5 years ago, which fulfilled all of our criteria. And thanks to a very strong execution. That's now turning out to be a home run on the basis of being pretty selectable, the criteria going in, strong execution when we acquire it. And now we've got a business that in the long term will be a superb ITW business.
Sabrina Abrams : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. I was hoping this might be one call I could escape AI data centers, but I think they got dragged in minutes ago.
Chris O'Hairlehy: We didn't bring it up, just for the record.
Julian Mitchell: No, totally fair, totally fair. If we think just for a second, Michael or Chris about sort of inventories, just curious about your own levels and those of your customers or distributor partners, I think your own inventories dollar wise are pretty steady sequentially this year, but still running a little bit high as a share of revenue versus pre-COVID, maybe 11% versus something like 8% five years ago, six years ago. Is 11 sort of a good run rate from here? Or no, it should come down over time, but gradually just as the revenue picks up? And then how do you assess the sort of state of play of inventories that your distributors and customers, so they kind of generally right size now after two years of being leaned out?
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I think that's right, Julian. Let's start there. The channel, I think those inventory levels have normalized. Our channel doesn't carry a lot of inventory because they're used to our place in order today, we ship you tomorrow. So with that level of customer service, there's no incentive for them to carry a lot of inventory. And then I would kind of pivoting to our own inventory levels. I'd say just more broadly on free cash flow, it was good to be above 100% again here in the third quarter, which is more aligned with the typical levels that you expect from us. And we expect to continue to make meaningful progress again in Q4 on the inventory and free cash flow. So we've talked about our focus on reducing our months on hand, getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels of about 2.5 months on hand, we're about 3. The difference here is in that $300 million to $400 million range of additional inventory that we'll expect to come out Q4 and then into next year. So we view that, I think the same way you do as a big opportunity to drive above average free cash flow for the company here in the near term. I think we've made some progress down, I think it's 6% year-over-year. Last year, inventories came down 17%, but we can certainly, we agree that there's some opportunity here and we want to do that, reduce inventory levels while maintaining those customer service levels, which is where I started because we believe they're a real competitive advantage for us. And the last thing I'll say is all of this, the fact that maybe we're a little bit lower this year free cash flow than in prior years, doesn't impact our capital allocation plans. We're investing in our businesses for growth and productivity, all new products are funded. We raised the dividend 7% in August and we're buying back 1.5 billion of our shares this year as planned. But I agree with you that there's definitely an opportunity here and we're going after it in every one of our 84 divisions in a meaningful way here.
Julian Mitchell: That's a very good answer. Thank you. And then just my follow-up, sort of thinking again about that question of customer-backed innovation and driving up organic growth and market share. I think as you said, sort of R&D to sales is pretty steady. So maybe flattish dollars year-to-date versus last year. CapEx was sort of flattish year-to-date, down somewhat in the third quarter year-on-year. So when we're thinking about kind of the levers of getting that market share up, and it's in the context of a sort of decentralized operating structure where you're sort of letting the businesses ask you for R&D dollars. Maybe give us one or two examples of how you're driving up that share? How does that interplay work between trying to get more dollars of spend into different businesses with a high return versus that kind of decentralized nature? Any sort of examples around that might be helpful for me, at least.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yes. I would say Julian, that our spend in innovation has been rising over the last two or three years. I mean, we've seen double-digit increases in spend on the basis of pretty focused investments in strategic marketing and innovation across the portfolio. But a lot of this goes beyond spend. It really comes down to a much higher level of, I think, leadership time and focus. As I said, we're already doubling down on this in the same way we doubled down on 80-20 front-to-back last time. And we've been investing in building capability really for the last few years here. And I think you can see that in the increased yield that we've had since, like ‘17 ‘18, where it was about 1%, to now where it's about 2%. So we're already seeing the investments. And this capability build is both in our divisions, but also at our segment level to really enable our businesses to be able to achieve this. A lot of this comes down to the quality of the framework. We have a lot of great innovation practice across the company. We've codified that, and now we want to make sure that it resides everywhere in every division in ITW. And this is the exact same approach that we took on 80-20 front-to-back that was very successful in the last phase of our strategy. So we're on a great path here. We've already seen the outcomes. We expect to see a continuous improvement in CBI contribution every year from here on out, starting in 2025.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thanks, Chris.
Chris O'Hairlehy: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones at Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Farley : Hey, good morning. This is Adam Farley on for Nathan. I wanted to follow up on Welding. What impact do you believe the upcoming election is having on the sentiment in the underlying industrial market? Do we potentially see an improvement in ‘25, maybe post-election?
Michael Larsen: Maybe I'll... Do you want to jump in?
Chris O'Hairlehy: Yes. So at a high level, Nathan, I would say, look we're a short-sighted company. So we're kind of reading and reacting to what's in front of us. There's nothing overt or specific that we're hearing from our customers related to the election, I would say.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I would agree with that. I think there's some, other than anecdotes, there's really nothing specific that we can point to. And I think that we'll kind of leave it at that.
Adam Farley : Okay. Fair enough. I know it wasn't called out in the press release, but was there any hurricane impact at your sites or maybe at your customer sites?
Michael Larsen: No, not at our sites. I can't speak for all of our, thousands of customers in those affected regions, but there was no impact on our facilities or, and thank God, on our people in those areas.
Adam Farley : Okay. Thank you for taking my question.
Michael Larsen: All right. Thanks, Adam.
Erin Linnihan: And Kathleen, I think that ends the call for us today.
Operator: Yes. There are no further questions at this time. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Erin Linnihan, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2024 conference call. Today, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Chris O'Herlihy; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's second quarter financial results and provide an update on our outlook for full year 2024. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2023 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Chris O'Herlihy. Chris?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release this morning, during the second quarter, the short cycle demand environment continued to moderate across our portfolio. At the total company level, second quarter revenues came in approximately 1 percentage point, or $50 million below what they would have been had demand held at the level we were seeing exiting the first quarter. Second quarter organic revenue was down in three segments with declines year-over-year in CapEx-related products such as welding, test and measurement and construction. These declines were offset by revenue growth in four segments resulting in overall flat organic growth year-over-year at the total company level as compared to our end markets which we believe were down in the low single digits. As usual, as the quarter progressed, the ITW team executed well on all the elements within our control. As evidenced by record second quarter operating margin, which improved by 140 basis points, 26.2%, supported by 140 basis points of benefit from enterprise initiatives. Operating income grew 4.5% to a second quarter record of $1.05 billion and GAAP EPS came in at $2.54, up from $2.48 last year. As per our normal practice, we are adjusting our full year guidance in line with demand levels in our businesses as they exist today. Current run rates exiting Q2 projected through the remainder of the year results in about flat organic revenue for the full year. The moderating demand is partially offset by stronger margin performance and we are raising our margin guidance to 26.5% to 27%. Factoring in both of these elements, lower market demand and stronger margin performance, we are lowering the midpoint of our EPS guidance by 1% as we narrow the range to $10.30 to $10.40. While the combination of moderating manufacturing CapEx demand and lower automotive bill forecasts for the second half has us operating in a challenging near-term environment, we will continue to drive our usual high-quality execution on all the elements within our control, while remaining focused on managing and investing to maximize the company's growth and performance over the long-term, as we build above market organic growth fueled by customer-backed innovation into a core ITW strength. In this regard, we are very encouraged by the progress we are making on customer-backed innovation in each of our divisions. In concluding my remarks, I want to thank all of our ITW colleagues around the world for their exceptional efforts and for their dedication to serving our customers with excellence and driving continuous progress on our path to ITW's full potential. I will now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our second quarter performance in more detail, as well as our updated full year guidance. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In Q2, revenue declined 1% with organic revenue down 0.1%, essentially flat year-over-year, and a slight improvement from being down 0.6% in Q1. As Chris said, demand moderated sequentially as total company revenues grew 2% from the first quarter to the second quarter, a point below our historical run rate growth of 3%. Faced with moderating demand, the ITW team, as usual, did a great job in terms of reading and reacting to the environment and delivered record margin and profitability performance in the second quarter, as evidenced by 4.5% operating income growth and operating margins of 26.2%, an improvement of 140 basis points as enterprise initiatives were once again the largest margin and profitability driver contributing 140 basis points this quarter with more to come in the second half. GAAP EPS of $2.54 increased 2% or 5% excluding a 2023 one-time tax item. Our free cash flow was $571 million which was a 75% conversion of net income, slightly below our historical conversion in the 80% range, as we continue to focus on reducing our inventory months on hand to pre-pandemic levels without impacting customer service levels. We repurchased $375 million of our own shares during the quarter as planned, and the effective tax rate was 24.4% compared to 21.4% in the prior year, which lowered EPS by $0.10. In addition, foreign currency translation was approximately a $0.05 headwind year-over-year. In summary, strong execution and Q2 results as the impact of a moderating short cycle demand environment was offset by strong margin and profitability performance. Please turn to Slide 4 for a look at organic growth by geography. The 2% decline in North America was an improvement over the first quarter's 3% decline. Europe grew 1% and Asia Pacific grew 3%, with China up 5%. Moving on to segment results, the Automotive OEM segment delivered flat organic growth in the second quarter against a tough comparison of plus 16% in the year-ago quarter. North America was down 4%, Europe was down 2%, and China was up 7%. In the first half, Automotive Builds were flat, and our Automotive OEM segment grew 2% above market. For the full year, we continue to expect solid above-market growth with our typical penetration gains of 2% to 3% and continued outgrowth in China. In our guidance, we have now factored in the most recent automotive build projections, which have declined to negative 2% for the full year. As you may recall, when we issued our initial guidance in February, Automotive Builds were expected to be flat for the year. On a positive note, the segment delivered strong operating margin performance of 19.4%, a 260 basis points improvement, as we continue to work towards our goal of achieving operating margins in the low to mid-20s by 2026. Turn to Slide 5, Food Equipment organic revenue grew 2.5% against a comparison of plus 7% in the second quarter of last year. Equipment grew 1% and service grew 5% against a comparison of plus 16% last year. By region, North America increased 2% with service up 3%. Organic growth in the institutional market was up mid single digits, and the retail market was up high single digits. International revenue was up 3.5% led by Europe. As we talked about last quarter, the current margin performance reflects the fact that we're making focused capacity investments in the first half of 2024 to support and accelerate continued above-market organic growth in our very attractive service business. Looking forward, we expect margins to continue to improve sequentially as we go through the year. Turning to Test & Measurement and Electronics, organic revenue was down 3% with continued softness in semiconductor, electronics, and CapEx-sensitive end markets. Both Test & Measurement and Electronics were down 3% in the quarter. Moving on to Slide 6, Welding was down 5% in Q2, as Equipment declined 5% and consumables were down 3%. By region, North America declined 6% with industrial sales down 7% and the commercial side down 6%. International grew 3% with some strength in Europe. Operating margin was 32.9% with a solid contribution from enterprise initiatives. Organic revenue in Polymers & Fluids increased 3%, led by Polymers up 10%, and Fluids was up 4%. Automotive aftermarket was down 2% in the quarter. On a geographic basis, North America declined 4% and international grew 13%. Operating margin of 28.2% improved more than 200 basis points. Turn to Slide 7. Demand trends in construction products continue to be challenging on a global basis as organic revenue declined 4% in Q2 in a market that we believe is down in the mid to high single digits. North America was down 2% as the residential and renovation business was down 2% and commercial was down 9%. International markets remain soft as Europe was down 7% and Australia and New Zealand was down 4%. Finally, specialty products had a strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 7% due to significant strength in our aerospace equipment division as well as pockets of increased demand across our portfolio. As a result, international was up 10% and North America was up 5%. As previously discussed, results can be a bit choppy as we continue to work to reposition the Specialty segment for consistent above-market organic growth, including strategic portfolio work and more significant product line simplification, which included 230 basis points in Q2. Operating margin improved 590 basis points to 31.9% with strong contributions from enterprise initiatives and operating leverage. With that, let's move to Slide 8 for an update on our full year 2024 guidance. Despite a challenging first half macro demand environment, the ITW team found a way to deliver solid operational and financial results. And excluding one-time items, we grew operating income 4% in the first half as margins improved by 130 basis points to 25.8% with 140 basis points from enterprise initiatives. GAAP EPS was up 10% -- up 5% excluding one-time items. Looking ahead to the second half in our updated guidance, we do not expect the short cycle demand environment to improve. Per usual process, we are adjusting our full year guidance in line with conditions on the ground as they exist today. Current run rates exiting Q2 adjusted for typical seasonality and the most recent automotive build forecast projected through the remainder of the year would result in approximately flat organic growth for the year in markets that we believe are down in the low single digits. This compares to a prior organic growth guidance of 1% to 3% and impacts EPS by approximately $0.25. The lower top line guidance is partially offset by stronger margin and profitability performance, which is expected to continue into the second half, including a significant contribution of more than 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. As a result, we raised margin guidance to 26.5% to 27% as we continue to make solid progress towards our goal of 30% operating margin by 2030. The higher margins impact EPS favorably by about $0.10. The net of these two factors, as you saw this morning, is that we lowered the top end of the range of our full-year GAAP EPS guidance to a new range of $10.30 to $10.40, which is a reduction of $0.15 or 1% at the midpoint from $10.50 to $10.35 with 6 months to go in the year. To wrap things up, we delivered a solid Q2 and first half in a challenging demand environment, and we've updated our full year guidance per usual process to reflect current levels of demand. Given the strength of our competitive advantages, the resilience of the ITW business model, and our diversified high-quality portfolio, we're well-positioned for whatever economic conditions emerged through the second half of the year. With that, Erin, I'll turn it back to you.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you. Audra, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Andy Kaplowitz at Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning. Chris and Michael, you continue to have unusually strong results in specialty products in Q2 after I think you said in Q1 that it was a bit unusual and Q2 would normalize. I know you mentioned aerospace. I don't think I've heard that particular business mentioned before. So could you give us more color on what's going on there and what is the probability that segment could continue to outperform?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, Andy, we've had a -- as you've outlined, a very solid half one here in specialty. There's a few different things going on. I think strength in aerospace has been a feature throughout the first half. There's some other pockets of strong demand elsewhere. Obviously, we had favorable comps in specialty and we've also benefited from the timing of some orders, particularly in Q1 for some of our European equipment businesses. This is a segment that we've got some strategic portfolio repositioning going on. A bit more than the normal kind of PLS that you'd see, more than maintenance, much more strategic, it's going to be a bit of a drag on revenue for the full year, we would say. We probably expect specialty to be up just above flat, maybe flat to low single digits for the full year. But the important thing here is that the strong work that we are doing to really make this segment a 4% grower in the long-term. And based on the progress that we've seen this year, we certainly believe we can do that.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful. And then Chris and Michael, you mentioned that demand continues to moderate in Q2, but could you give us a little more color regarding the cadence of the demand you saw? Has demand stabilized at lower levels across your short cycle businesses, or would you say it's still getting worse? And then with the understanding that you're forecasting the exit rate of Q2, you do have much easier comps in the second half. So just at the enterprise level, are you digging in any conservatism or is it really just on run rates?
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think in terms of the cadence, I think we saw as we were going through the quarter is the demand continued to moderate as the quarter by -- as the quarter progressed. And by segment, definitely auto, as auto builds came down, the CapEx businesses that Chris mentioned, Test & Measurement and Welding, were maybe a little bit more impacted than some of the other businesses. I think on a positive note, I just might add that June also had really strong margin performance. So I think we got some good margin momentum heading into the second half. In terms of the back half of the year, as we said, per our typical process, this is based on current levels of demand that we're seeing in these businesses adjusted for seasonality. We do have, as you recall, some more favorable comparisons here in the second half of the year. If you look at last year, we were up 4% in the first half of '23, and we're flat in the second half of '23. So, the comparisons definitely get easier. We also have the benefit of two additional shipping days in the back half, one in Q3 and one in Q4. And then the last thing I would add is we've updated the automotive build forecast, as we saw a decline there from previously about flat for the year to down 2%. And we expect to outgrow that per typical 2% to 3% and we continue to outgrow by a little bit more than that in China as we've talked about previously. So those are all the elements that kind of went into the top line guidance. I might just add, if you look at the reduction, 1 to 3 organic now to about flat, and you look at kind of the flow-through on that, that's about a 20% decremental, just given how strong the margin performance is and how flexible our cost structure is so that we can continue to kind of read and react to whatever demand environment we're dealing with in the second half.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: We'll move next to Scott Davis at Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Scott Davis: I know I probably asked this in prior quarters, but M&A is, I assume, no change in strategy there, more bolt-ons? Or we have heard of some larger assets that are going to become available, would you guys be comfortable casting a wider net there?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So, Scott, I think our posture on M&A hasn't changed much. I mean, as we shared at our Investor Day, we have a pretty disciplined portfolio management strategy and we're certainly staying consistent to that. From our standpoint, we have a pretty clear and well-defined view of what fits our strategy and our financial criteria. So, for us, it's a case of just finding the right opportunities. Very much focused on high-quality acquisitions that can extend our long-term growth potential, growing at a minimum of 4% plus at high-quality. We've been able to leverage the business model to improve margins. So we review opportunities certainly on an ongoing basis, pretty selective given what we believe to be pretty compelling organic growth potential that we have in our core businesses. And if I go back to the MTS acquisition from a couple of years ago, that was certainly an acquisition that ticked all the boxes and only a couple of years in here and already turning out to be a great ITW business. So to the extent that we can find acquisitions like that, then we'll certainly be very active.
Scott Davis: Okay. Fair enough, Chris. And then I was just looking back at your investor deck and your growth, your long-term growth targets, 4 to 7, 2 to 3 points of that were coming from customer-backed innovation, and you did mention that in your prepared remarks. But are you still confident that you can drive that kind of growth from customer-backed innovation? It seems like a lot to me, but you guys would have a better feel for that.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, I was going to say, Scott, that we're even more confident now than we were at Investor Day. Our confidence has certainly continued to grow. We're very encouraged by what we're seeing in our businesses. It's one of the reasons that we believe that we're outperforming our end markets right now. And our view on customer-backed innovation is that we're going to lean into customer-backed innovation in the same way with a similar approach that we utilized in really reinvigorating front to back 80-20 in the last phase of our enterprise strategy in terms of our intention around it, in terms of the rigor and capability build that's going on all over this company right now. And in doing so, increase our contribution from what was approximately 1% in 2019 to north of 2% today, and what will be north of 3% in the not too distant future. So everything we see on customer back and the work we're doing in our divisions gives us an even stronger sense of confidence that this is going to be really impactful in terms of our ability to grow 4% plus in the long-term.
Scott Davis: Okay, thank you, Chris. I'll pass it on, appreciate it.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Sure, Scott. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tami Zakaria at JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Tami Zakaria: So my first question is -- morning. So, my first question is North America saw negative, I think you said 2% organic growth while other regions are positive. Are you still seeing destocking headwinds in North America or any other region? Or is the market softening now more a function of just demand rather than destocking?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think it's more the latter, Tami, that demand is a function of where we are in the economic cycle. And so destocking, which was a headwind all of last year, is no longer a significant factor at this point. I think if you look at just North America, down 2% was really driven by Welding, down 6%. And then Auto, Polymers & Fluids down 4%. And then some positive momentum in Food Equipment up 2% and Specialty up 5%. But again, that's really more reflection of kind of where we're at in the cycle versus anything going on from a destocking standpoint.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a bit clarity on the new operating margin guide. So operating margin expected up about 165 basis points on flattish organic growth. Can you help me understand that 165 basis points, how much of that is enterprise initiatives versus the 140 you saw in the first half? And then is there any price cost or volume or anything else that's adding to that 165 basis points year-over-year?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think not a lot of volume leverage, obviously, as we're guiding to about flat growth for the year. The biggest driver continues to be the enterprise initiatives. As you said, we got 140 basis points in the first half. The roll-up for the second half looks really good. As we said today, more than 100 basis points. And so somewhere I would say between 100 and 140 is maybe a reasonable estimate. And then price-cost, a modest contribution. We're kind of back to a normal price-cost environment. And so that's not a significant driver. Really the big driver here, as I think you pointed out, are the enterprise initiatives that independent of volume, continue to contribute in a meaningful way, which is a great position to be in -- in a -- given where we are in the cycle, in a pretty challenging and uncertain environment. And without giving too much away, as we kind of look into the future beyond this year, we'd expect another solid contribution in 2025 and beyond.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Ritchie at Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning, Joe.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Can we go back to Specialty for a second? You guys talked about the strategic positioning efforts there and when I think about that business, it's a hodgepodge of a bunch of different businesses that seemingly don't have a lot to do with each other. And so I'm just trying to understand like what's the kind of like overall strategy with the businesses within Specialty. And then what are you guys really doing to kind of drive this margin expansion sustainably higher over the long-term?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, so Joseph, specialty is indeed, as you said, a collection of high-quality, high-margin businesses. There is a concentration around consumer packaging, both on the equipment side, on the consumable side. There's also a bit of a concentration around appliance components. And then there's a collection of smaller businesses, one of which is primarily lined up alongside aerospace, that are very attractive and certainly capable of growth. So we're going through a strategic repositioning of some of those businesses in terms of heavier leaning on PLS. We haven't seen much growth in Specialty over the last few years, as you know, so that's what caused us to really look at the portfolio. But we feel very good about the progress we're making in terms of there's a lot of high differentiated product lanes in that segment. And this repositioning will put us in a position where we accentuate the growth of those, we resource those, and we maybe de-resource some other ones that are not in a position to grow. But overall, I would say it's a nice portfolio of businesses with a strong differentiation lineage running through it. And as I say, we are well-positioned to grow to some 4% plus in the long-term.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great, Chris. And then maybe just to follow-up to that is, sometimes companies will go through this, addition by subtraction exercise, and it sounds like you guys are in the process of improving the margins. The margins are already good. But it also kind of seems like there's an opportunity then for you guys to potentially divest some of those assets going forward, whether it's in the specialty business or beyond in the rest of your portfolio, how are you guys thinking about that equation in the divestiture side?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So, we look at our portfolio on an ongoing basis. We believe we've got a very high-quality portfolio and if the opportunity comes to divest, we would certainly do that. I would say that as we think about portfolio management today, it's more likely to be in the realm of product-lane pruning as opposed to divestiture. Now, that could change, but as we look at it today, it's much more along the lanes of pruning within businesses as opposed to divestiture of businesses, I would say.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Julian Mitchell at Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just a question around the free cash flow conversions, because I think it's sort of 67% in the first half, the year's guided a 100 plus. Doesn't seem like there should be a lot of working cap liquidation in the second half because the quarterly revenue run rate is kind of stable at $4 billion. So maybe just to flesh out the confidence in the cash conversion step up, please.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, sure, Julian. I mean, I think you're right. We are slightly below our typical conversion range here for the first half. And I think on the last call, we talked about our focus at the divisional level on reducing our inventory months on hand from we're right around 3.1 right now as compared to pre-COVID, 2.5 or even a little bit lower than that in some of our segments. So, we've made some progress. Inventory is down a double-digit on a year-over-year basis. But I would agree with you that we can definitely do better. We fully expect to take advantage of this opportunity in the second half to reduce inventory levels and generate above average free cash flow while, as I said, maintaining our typical ITW [indiscernible] customer service level. So big focus on this in the second half. And just given our track record around, kind of do what we say, execution, we feel like we're really well-positioned to generate above average free cash flow in the second half.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just my second question would be around the sort of, it looks like the second half run rate on the total company sales and margins, very similar to Q2, as you normally guide, with sort of 26% margin, $4 billion revenue a quarter. You mentioned, Michael, the day sales effect in Q3, Q4, but just wondered, anything else in terms of seasonality for total company you'd remind us of for the third versus the fourth quarter? Any big moving parts on the segment margin as we step into the back half? I think Specialty, you've talked about Polymer & Fluid, I'm also curious about the margin outlook there, please.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Yes, I think all good questions, Julian. I mean, Q3 looks a lot like Q2, I would say. We typically see a modest increase in revenues from Q3 to Q4, with emphasis on modest. And we also see typically a modest improvement in operating margins as we go through the year -- from Q2 to Q3 and then into Q4. And so there's really nothing unusual going on there. We do, as you pointed out, we do benefit from having a couple of extra days here in the second half and then, like I said, more favorable comparisons. The other thing that would not be in the run rates is what Chris talked about earlier, which is this increased contribution from new products coming in at higher margins. But we feel like we've really maybe taken not just an approach that's consistent with kind of how we've done it historically in terms of guidance, but a fairly conservative approach going into the second half. Certainly things can change quickly. Things kind of improve, but they can also deteriorate and hopefully, kind of parsing out for you the impact here in Q2 in terms of what a point of revenue growth sequentially means or decline means, the $50 million at the decremental that we talked about, I think gives you a way to kind of further risk adjust your numbers, or if you are more optimistic, you can certainly make those adjustments as well. But that's kind of how we think about the guidance here for the second half.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Walt Liptak at Seaport Research.
Walt Liptak: Good morning. Thanks, Chris and Mike. I wanted to ask a follow-up on the guidance and just a comment that you made on the first question about -- it sounds like June might have gotten a little bit better for some of the capital goods businesses like welding or maybe some others. I wonder if you can talk about that, that some of that macro industrial weakness start to get better.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Well, yes, I think, Walt, June was -- things continued to moderate, particularly Auto Builds were softer in June. And then on the CapEx side, Welding, I think consistent with commentary you may have heard from some of our peers in the welding space. And then Test & Measurement, I think while we have not seen a pickup in semiconductor or electronics or CapEx, I would say semi also has not gotten worse. So it's kind of bumping along. And I would just add that we remain like really well-positioned for the inevitable recovery down the road. And I think if you look at, some of the segments with positive organic growth here in Q2, so you look at Specialty, you look at Polymers & Fluids, the operating leverage that we generate of fairly modest organic growth is pretty remarkable. So we're really well-positioned for that. We continue to invest, a lot of focus on new products, but we've not seen a pickup in those markets yet. But again, really well-positioned for the inevitable recovery down the road here, whenever that may happen.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Yes, totally agree with that. On one of the segments it's doing -- that's growing, Food Equipment, you guys sounded kind of upbeat about kind of the retail chain, despite some of the bankruptcies that have been going on. I wonder if you can talk about, maybe in a little bit more detail, how that retail part of the business is moving?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, I mean, I think the retail growth similar to in the first quarter, I think up 9% here in the second quarter, and it's all driven by new products. So this is all way and wrap equipment and new product rollouts. And I'd say our customer base is not part of the population that you may be alluding to that's having trouble financially. I mean, these are all the big grocery store, retailers, chains that you would expect. And so we're not seeing any impact there from them being in trouble financially. Quite on -- quite the contrary.
Walt Liptak: Okay, great. Okay, congratulations for that. Thanks.
Christopher O'Herlihy: All right, thank you.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session. Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Krista, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Erin Linnihan, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Krista. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Today, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Chris O’Herlihy; Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen; and Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Fletcher. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's first quarter financial results and provide an update on our outlook for full year 2024. 
 Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2023 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. 
 Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Chris O’Herlihy. 
Christopher O'Herlihy: Thank you, Erin, and good morning everyone. While the near-term demand environment across the majority of our segments was certainly challenging as we anticipated, the ITW team delivered a solid start to the year as our first quarter results came in as expected. And we remain solidly on track to deliver on our 2024 performance targets.
 Starting with the top line. Organic growth was down 0.6% as 5 of 7 segments declined in the face of a tough demand environment and versus some difficult comparisons year-over-year. Those comparisons are more favorable for the balance of the year, and based on current levels of demand, we are confident that we will deliver on our full year performance targets, including organic growth of 1% to 3%.
 The ITW team continued to execute at a very high level and delivered strong margin and profitability performance in the first quarter. Excluding a onetime inventory accounting item, quarterly operating income grew 4%, as operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 25.4%, with a strong contribution from enterprise initiatives of 140 basis points, as we continue to make solid progress towards our goal of 30% operating margin by 2030. GAAP EPS of $2.73 increased 17%, and excluding the onetime item, we grew EPS 5% to $2.44. The free cash flow conversion rate of 68% was in line with normal Q1 levels.
 Looking ahead, where we did raise our GAAP EPS and margin guidance for the year to account for the onetime item, our operational guidance remains unchanged. We continue to expect that current levels of demand across the majority of our end markets and favorable year-over-year comparisons will translate to positive organic growth through the balance of the year. Combined with our continued strong margin and profitability performance, we are confident that ITW is firmly on track and well-positioned to deliver on our 2024 guidance. 
 In concluding my remarks, I want to thank all of our ITW colleagues around the world for their exceptional efforts and for their dedication to serving our customers with excellence, and driving continuous progress on our path to ITW's full potential. 
 I will now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our first quarter performance in more detail, as well as our updated full year guidance. Michael? 
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In Q1, we delivered a solid start to the year with some high-quality execution in a pretty challenging demand environment as expected. 
 Despite an organic revenue decline of 0.6%, operating income grew 4% and operating margin improved 120 basis points to 25.4% as enterprise initiative contributed 140 basis points. 
 EPS increased 5% to $2.44, excluding a onetime item. Our free cash flow was $494 million, and we repurchased $375 million of our own shares during the quarter as planned. EPS increased 17% to $2.73, and operating margin expanded 420 basis points to 28.4%.
 As you saw this morning, our GAAP results include a onetime LIFO inventory accounting change that resulted in a favorable pretax impact of $117 million to cost of revenue equal to $0.29 a share. In Q1, we made the decision to transition from the LIFO to FIFO inventory accounting method for all of our U.S. businesses, because it is a more consistent and simpler method for valuing inventory across our operations. 
 In summary, Q1 results were as expected in the current environment, and growth rates are projected to improve as we go through the balance of the year. Our margin and profitability performance continues to be strong, and we're solidly on track to deliver on our guidance, which I will discuss in a few slides. 
 Please turn to Slide 4 for a look at organic growth by geography. As you can see, the 4% decline in North America was partially offset by positive growth internationally, as Europe grew 1% and Asia Pacific grew 6%, led by China up 15%. Excluding the 23% growth rate in our Chinese automotive OEM business, organic growth in China was still up 7%. 
 For the full year and for our usual process, which is based on current levels of demand, we expect organic growth of 1% to 3% in both North America and Europe, with Asia Pacific up in the mid-single digits, led by China.
 Moving on to segment results and starting with the Automotive OEM segment, which delivered solid organic growth of 3% despite North America being down 6% as Europe grew 2% and China grew 23%, driven by continued strong penetration and market share gains. For the full year, we continue to expect solid above-market growth with our typical penetration gains of 2% to 3% and continued outgrowth in China. 
 Margin and profitability performance was strong as margins improved by 370 basis points to 19.8%, and enterprise initiatives contributed more than 200 basis points. We continue to make solid progress on the margin enhancement plan in this segment, and we are firmly on track to deliver margins in the low to mid-20s by 2026, which you will recall is what we said we would do at our Investor Day last year.
 Turning to Slide 5. Food Equipment organic revenue declined 1% as expected against a tough comparison of plus 16% in the first quarter last year. Equipment was down 4%, and service grew 3%. And by region, North America declined 2% due to a particularly difficult comparison of plus 21%. On a positive note, the retail business was up 10%, fueled by new product launches and overall North America order activity in Q1 was pretty encouraging across the board. International revenue was flat with Europe down 1% and Asia Pacific up 6%. 
 While 5 of our 7 segments improved their margins in Q1, Food Equipment margins declined modestly to 26% as a result of focused capacity investments to support and accelerate continued above-market organic growth in our very attractive service business. Looking forward, we expect margins to continue to improve sequentially as we go through the year. 
 Turning to Test & Measurement and Electronics. Organic revenue was down modestly as Test & Measurement grew 2% despite a tough comparison of plus 12%. Electronics was down 8% due to challenging near-term demand trends in electronic assembly. The recent MTS acquisition continues to perform well and grew more than 20%. With margins that are improving, but still in the mid-teens, this created a mix headwind for this segment and diluted segment margins by about 250 basis points. 
 Looking ahead, we expect Test & Measurement and Electronics margins to improve from here as we go through the balance of the year. 
 Moving on to Slide 6. And as expected, Welding faced a tough demand environment and year-over-year comparison of plus 10%, which resulted in a decline of 3% in Q1. Equipment declined 2% and consumables were down 6%. Industrial sales declined 1% versus an 18% comparison, and the commercial side was down 6%. By region, North America declined 3% against the comparison of plus 10% and international declined 8%. 
 On a positive note, operating margin improved 80 basis points to 32.7% with a solid contribution from enterprise initiatives. Organic revenue in Polymers & Fluids declined modestly as Automotive Aftermarket was down 2%, and both Fluids and Polymers were essentially flat in the quarter. On a geographic basis, North America declined 5% and international grew 5%, led by China. Operating margins improved 104 basis points to 25.8%.
 Turning to Slide 7. Near-term demand trends in Construction Products continued to be challenging on a global basis as organic revenue declined 7% in Q1. North America was down 3% as the residential and renovation business was down 1%. And international markets remained soft as Europe was down 11% and Australia and New Zealand was down 12%. On a positive note, operating margin improved 190 basis points to 29.4%, driven primarily by another solid contribution from enterprise initiatives. 
 Finally, Specialty Products. Organic revenue growth was up 6%, due primarily to the timing of large equipment orders in 2 European businesses. As a result, international was up 19% and North America was down 1%. 
 As we have talked about before, we're working to reposition the Specialty segment for consistent above-market organic growth, which involves some strategic portfolio work and more significant product line simplification as we go forward.
 Operating margin improved 410 basis points to 29.7%, driven by operating leverage and a solid contribution from enterprise initiatives.
 With that, let's move to Slide 8 for an update on our full year 2024 guidance. With Q1 results that were right in line with our expectations, we're solidly on track to deliver on our 2024 performance targets and guidance. Looking ahead and starting with the top line, we do see some positives in terms of stable demand, more favorable comparisons year-over-year as we move forward, a normalized pricing and inflationary environment, new product launches, and no meaningful headwind from inventory destocking. 
 Per our usual process, our organic growth guidance of 1% to 3% is based on current run rates adjusted for typical seasonality. Operating margin is expected to improve by 140 basis points at the midpoint to a range of 26% to 27%, which includes more than 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives and 50 basis points from the onetime item in Q1. 
 As I mentioned on our last call, every segment is projecting to improve their operating margin performance, again, in 2024, with another solid contribution from enterprise initiatives across the board. After-tax return on capital is expected to remain firmly above 30%, and we expect strong free cash flows, again, with conversion greater than net income. 
 As you saw this morning, we raised our full year GAAP EPS guidance to a new range of $10.30 to $10.70, which now includes $0.30 of EPS from the Q1 inventory accounting change. Setting that item aside, our operational guidance remains essentially unchanged as we expect a combined headwind of about $0.30 from higher interest expense, currency and income taxes, with an expected tax rate in the range of 24% to 24.5%. 
 In terms of cadence for the year, we expect our first half, second half EPS split to be about 50-50 this year, as we factor in the onetime item in the first quarter, which compares to our typical split of 49-51, so slightly less back-end loaded than usual. 
 To wrap things up, as expected, the ITW team continues to execute at a very high level in a challenging near-term demand environment, which we anticipate will improve as we go through the balance of the year based on current levels of demand and more favorable comparison. In addition, our first quarter results came in as expected, and we are solidly on track to deliver on our 2024 guidance. 
 On a separate note, today is Karen Fletcher's last ITW earnings call. Over the last 6 years, Karen has been instrumental in articulating ITW's unique and differentiated competitive advantages and our plan to leverage them to their full potential to you, the investment community, in a clear and compelling manner. 
 In doing so, she has helped us position ITW as one of the world's highest quality, best performing, and most respected industrial companies. Please join Chris and me in thanking Karen, for her many contributions to ITW and wishing her all the best in retirement. 
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Michael. That means a lot, and it's been a privilege to do that. 
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Karen. And with that, Erin, I'll turn it back to you. 
Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Michael. Krista, will you please open the line for questions? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jamie Cook from Truist Securities. 
Jamie Cook: Congrats Karen, and thanks for all your help over the past 6 years. 
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Jamie. 
Jamie Cook: My first question on the Food Equipment side, I think, Michael, you noted some positive order activity in North America. If you could just speak to what you're seeing there? And then how much of a margin headwind was the capacity investments that you spoke about?
 And then my follow-up question, just on Specialty. I know you spoke to taking portfolio actions in PLS. If you could just give a little more color there, where are you taking actions? And how much is PLS, I guess, a headwind to organic growth within Specialty for the year? 
Michael Larsen: I think that was 4 questions in one, Jamie. Well, I'm going to try... 
Jamie Cook: I know, but that's every quarter, so I get... 
Michael Larsen: I'm going to try my best here. So the comment on Food Equipment. I think for many of our segments, if you take a step back, these growth rates are a little unusual for us, which is really driven, as we said, by these really significant challenging comparisons that we're dealing with, including in Food Equipment.
 So the additional color, even though we're not necessarily a backlog-driven company, was directed around the order activity in North America, which grew double digit in the first quarter here, and which I think gives some additional credibility. What we're saying is that we are expecting a return to more typical growth rates here, including in Food Equipment as we go forward.
 The margin pressure, the margin impact is about 100 basis points in Food Equipment here in Q1 and Q2. And it's really as a result of taking advantage of a huge growth opportunity that's sitting right in front of us in our service business. So what we're talking about is adding a significant number of service technicians to help us meet the demand in one of the most attractive parts of our Food Equipment business. And as you know, we're the only captive OEM with the service business, which is a huge competitive advantage for us in this segment. So I think those were the 2 questions around food equipment. I don't know if you want to add anything to that, Chris? 
Christopher O'Herlihy: No. I would just, I guess, accentuate the point of differentiation aspect of the service business within food with unique captive manufacturer. And this is a necessary investment at this point to capitalize on what is an undoubtedly stellar growth opportunity on the service side for us. 
Michael Larsen: And then on Specialty, the organic growth rate here was really driven by large equipment orders and the timing around those in 2 of our businesses in Europe. What we're trying to articulate on a go-forward basis is that we still expect meaningful PLS, product line simplification, as we move forward and strategically reposition this business for 4% plus growth on a consistent basis. And so we still expect a meaningful impact from that as we move forward.
 And I think kind of what we're saying is don't count on 6% organic growth as we move forward. We had guided to this segment at our last call to be down 1% to 3%. And so please keep that in mind. And the same is true for the margins. I mean, I think what you're seeing here on the margins is what happens when we get some growth in these businesses and the operating leverage here contributing in a meaningful way to 29.7% operating margins in the Specialty segment. I think that is not -- on a go-forward basis, that's Q1, both growth rate and margins are a little bit of an anomaly, and I think we expect to return to more -- still very profitable margins kind of in the high 20s, but maybe not something that starts with a 29. 
Jamie Cook: Congrats again, Karen. 
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Jamie. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. 
Tami Zakaria: First off to Karen, I'll definitely miss you, but I wish you all the best of luck. And welcome aboard, Erin. Looking forward to working with you. 
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Tami. 
Tami Zakaria: Of course. So my first question is, just wanted to get a little color here. I think you expect organic growth to be positive throughout the balance of the year. Does that mean you expect 2Q organic growth to be within that full year range of 1% to 3% growth? 
Michael Larsen: So Tami, as you know, we don't give quarterly guidance. What I will tell you to try and help you out here a little bit is that if you model kind of current levels of demand or run rate, as we call them, into Q2, what we're typically seeing is a step-up in revenues in the low single digits from Q1 to Q2. And in Automotive OEM, actually a meaningful improvement in the builds from Q1 to Q2, an increase in the low to mid-single digits there as well. So you will see slightly higher revenues in Q2.
 And given that the comparison gets easier on a year-over-year basis, we were up 5% in Q1 last year, up 3% in Q2, it is certainly possible that we'll see slightly positive organic growth here in Q2. But the more meaningful step-up really starts in the second half of the year, which is kind of what's implied in our guidance here.
 So think about it maybe as kind of flattish in the first half, maybe slightly positive in Q2, and then an improvement in the second half of the year, as the comparisons year-over-year improve by 4 points relative to the first half of the year. So in the second half last year, revenues were essentially flat, and at current run rates, you'd expect to see positive organic growth rates in the low single digits in the second half.
 And I might just add for those keeping track that there are 2 extra shipping days in the second half this year compared to the second half last year, which at least mathematically should provide some additional revenue growth for us. 
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's very helpful. My second question is similar to the first one, but on the margin side. I think that in the first quarter, you had $117 million tailwind. That's about 70 basis points tailwind for the full year, but you raised the full year guide by about only $50 million. And the first quarter margin also came in a little better than what most people on the Street were modeling.
 Just trying to understand, as we think about the next 3 quarters, is there any incremental cost pressures or maybe price cost headwind than originally thought? Or is it just your conservatism that you raised the full year guide by only 50 basis points? 
Michael Larsen: Well, what I would say, Tami, is that we're really pleased with our first quarter operational performance here, as you saw in the margin rates. And if you exclude the onetime item, 140 basis points from initiatives, 120 basis points of overall margin expansion, and margins at 25.4% is a pretty significant accomplishment here for the first quarter. And we do expect, as we typically do going through the year, that margins improved sequentially from here on out. So you should see a modest improvement sequentially from Q1 to Q2, and then again into Q3 and Q4.
 The only thing I would highlight as you think about the second quarter is, similar to last year, we do expect some higher restructuring expense in the second quarter, and these are all projects that are tied to a typical 80/20 front-to-back projects. These are not tied to any concerns around volume growth whatsoever. I don't want you to think that this is pure planned restructuring for the second quarter.
 And as I said, just real quick on Q1, again, 5 of 7 segments improved margins in the current environment, including with revenues down in 5 of 7 segments. And we expect, consistent with our bottom-up planning process here for the full year, that every segment will improve margins as we go through the year and on a year-over-year basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Karen, I can add my congratulations, and we will miss you. And Erin, welcome. And I'm impressed that you already have Karen's cadence down so well. So... 
Karen Fletcher: Thank you. 
Stephen Volkmann: Can I ask a little bit about China? That seemed to be a bit of an outlier there. I guess, quite a bit of that automotive, but even without that, things seem to be relatively good. Any color you can give us on that? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think as you pointed out, Steve, the big driver is obviously our Automotive OEM business, up 23%. And the team there is doing a great job growing content on new vehicles, including on the EV side, and gaining market share. Even excluding those, as I said, China was still up 7% year-over-year.
 Strong contribution from Polymers & Fluids. Some of that is tied also to market share gains on the EV side of things and the bonding of some of these batteries in the assembly process, where we have a really unique and differentiated product. Specialty products also contributed. Test & Measurement grew and Food Equipment. So across the board, really solid performance in China. 
 And moving forward, we'd say that looks pretty sustainable as we go into Q2, and then the second half, the comps get a little bit more difficult. But as I said, for the full year, China should be up in the mid- to high-single digits here, which is certainly encouraging. And again, I think it speaks to kind of the benefit of being as diversified from a geography standpoint as we are. And so certainly, some challenges in the first quarter in North America, but offset in Europe and in China, which is really a big benefit for us. 
Stephen Volkmann: Super. And then a follow-up is on Automotive margins. Obviously, going well there, and I think you said 200 basis points or better than 200 basis points of enterprise there. And I'm just trying to get a sense of how we should think of the cadence in auto margins as the year progresses. And I don't know, maybe the exit rate or the total year enterprise something? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think, I wouldn't expect a lot of regression from where we are. These are absolutely sustainable here in the 19%-plus range. And I think that's probably where we'll end up for the year, maybe a little bit better in the back half. Some of that depends on the build assumptions. There might be a little bit of restructuring here in the second quarter. But big picture, I'd say, Automotive, really solid progress here on a year-over-year basis. We expect full year margins in the 19%, almost 20% range, an improvement of 240 basis points on a year-over-year basis, and lots of room to go as we work through our margin enhancement plan. 
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. And Steve, I suppose just to support that, I mean, this is very much an improvement plan that's on track to get back to the low to mid-20s margins by 2026, as we outlined at our Investor Day, largely through a combination of, over that time, volume recovery, enterprise initiatives, and higher-margin innovation. So both in '23 and again in '24, we're very much tracking on that cadence with respect to what we outlined at our Investor Day last year. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. So nothing unusual in terms of the margins in Q1, and sustainable, but lots of room for improvement from here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Karen, congratulations. We'll miss you. 
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Andy. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: So Michael, probably, I'm guessing you don't want to reset your organic growth guides for your segments every quarter, but just higher level, you had Construction, Specialty forecast to be down, I think 1 of 3, while the other segments were projected to be up between 2 and 4 and 3 and 5. Specialty was actually much better. Has that changed the segment's outlook at all? I know you talked about a little bit of a pull forward in some equipment orders. And were any of the other segments like weaker than you thought, to start? 
Michael Larsen: I think, Andy, you're right. We don't want to update our guidance for the segments every quarter. And what I will tell you is, given our portfolio, there's always going to be some puts and takes. And I think that's, again, I just talked about the competitive advantage with being as diversified as we are geographically. And the same is true when you look at this portfolio of businesses. You're always going to have some things that maybe are a little more pressured from a market standpoint in the short term. And those are typically offset by segments that are performing a little bit better. And it all kind of evens out to that 1% to 3% organic growth guidance.
 So I'm not really going to go through segment by segment here, but I'd say there's definitely some puts and takes, but overall, not too far off from what we talked about on the last call. And certainly, our full year guidance, we're firmly on track to deliver on that. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michael, that's helpful. And then just in Welding, maybe give us a little more color to what you see going on there. There was some destocking end of last year, maybe a little bit still early this year. Are you getting past that, and differences between industrial and commercial markets, sort of what do you see going forward there? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think the big driver here is really the comparisons year-over-year. That's driving the growth rates as we go forward. And so just like I said, for the total company, for Welding, it's also true that as we go through the year, these comparisons get easier. 10% growth in Welding in the first quarter last year is obviously not a sustainable growth rate. And so it wasn't really a big surprise that organic revenue was down 3%.
 I'd say on a positive note, and this is true not just in Welding, but across the board, last year, we dealt with some meaningful headwind from excess inventory at our customers and in the channel. And to the point of magnitude, a percentage point of drag on the organic growth rate last year, that is essentially behind us at this point. So that's kind of the positive news across the board, including in Welding. 
 And then we're back to a normal pricing environment. We've got an exciting lineup in terms of new products that are being launched here in the near term. And so you put all of that together, and we feel really good about the outlook here in Welding. Top line, obviously, but maybe I will just highlight the margin performance again. The fact that with revenues down, margins at 32% plus, operating margins is really strong and speaks to the focus that we have on really quality of growth over quantity of growth. And the team is executing well on that plan. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Agreed on the margin performance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. 
Sabrina Abrams: You have Sabrina Abrams on for Andrew Obin. Congratulations, Karen. 
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Sabrina. 
Sabrina Abrams: On the margin side, are there any changes to how you're thinking about volume leverage, price cost, maybe like the reinvestment in enterprise initiatives, as we move through the year? Maybe we could like walk through the different buckets and how they relate to the full year guide? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think there's not a lot of change from what we talked about on the last call. We are maintaining our operational guidance here kind of big picture at 1% to 3% organic growth. There is some positive operating leverage. We expect slightly more than 100 basis points of enterprise initiatives, which is based on the strong performance here in Q1 at 140 basis points.
 Price/cost has essentially normalized at this point. So there is some modest favorability from price/cost as we go through the year. Maybe a little bit more in Q1 versus the back end of the year. And then we have done a good job, as we talked about on the last call, managing some of the cost pressures from an inflationary standpoint around employee-related cost benefits. That used to be a headwind. Order of magnitude, we used to talk about 150, 200 basis points, and that's right around 100 basis points of margin headwind now.
 And then the last thing that I would add is just the accounting change. So factoring in the LIFO accounting change in Q1, that's how you get to that 140 basis points of margin improvement for the full year and the new range of 26% to 27%. 
Sabrina Abrams: And then what are you guys seeing in terms of electronics demand? And what are you hearing from your customers? Because this market has been pressured for 5 or 6 quarters now, but clearly, the comps are getting easier. Has this started to bottom out yet? 
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think it's a little bit of a mixed picture there. I think last year, we talked a lot about the challenges in the semi-related businesses. Last year, those were down order of magnitude 20% to 25%. Now -- we're talking about just to kind of size things. These businesses represent about 15% of the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment, 3% of total ITW revenues. So just to kind of put things in context.
 The positive news is that the semi markets appear to have bottomed out. So this is no longer a drag on the overall growth rate of the segment. They were actually maybe slightly positive here in Q1, but the inevitable recovery has been deferred. And so when exactly that will come, whether that's in the second half or next year, is hard to tell. It's not factored into our guidance, as we told you today.
 And then we're seeing a little bit of what I said in the script, a little bit of pressure in the electronic assembly side of things. So this is maybe more tied to consumer electronics, and that's what drove electronics being down 8% here in the first quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. 
Mircea Dobre: And I'll join the chorus here. Karen, all the best in retirement and really appreciate all the help over these years. 
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Mig. 
Mircea Dobre: One question I had was about EMEA, which frankly came in a little bit better than I would have guessed. I guess one of the themes during this earnings season has been that Europe, frankly, has not been that great. So I'm kind of curious what you're seeing there? Is it just a function of the Specialty kind of onetime items that might have helped Europe in the quarter? Or is there kind of more green shoots to talk about in Europe? 
Michael Larsen: I mean the big driver in Europe here from a dollar standpoint was the Specialty Products, these 2 equipment businesses here, and the timing around some of those orders, as Specialty was up 20% here in the first quarter. But overall, I'd say pretty stable. Automotive was up 2%, Test & Measurement and Electronics up 5%, Food Equipment about flat. That's a little bit of an anomaly that will return to more positive growth as we go through the year.
 And then smaller businesses. Welding down a little bit and Polymers & Fluids down a little bit. But overall -- and then Construction obviously remains a drag internationally as it has been for well over a year at this point. So Construction was still down double digit here in the first quarter. But overall, 1% positive organic growth in the first quarter in Europe. 
Mircea Dobre: Understood. And since you mentioned Construction, that was going to be my follow-up there. How do you sort of think about the way this segment can progress through the year here? Is there some sort of a stocking effect that we need to be aware of? And can you also clarify a little bit what you're seeing in North America. You talked about resi. I'm curious what you're seeing on the nonresi side of things? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think overall, actually, if you think about Construction, the performance in North America I think is a good example of illustration of how the business is outperforming in a very challenging down market. Only to be down 3% in a market that, if you look at all the key metrics, is certainly down a lot more than that is pretty impressive. Residential/remodel, we said down 1%. I mean the home centers are actually down a little bit more than that.
 And on the commercial side, to your question, that continues to be soft. The commercial side is down. I mean, it's a fairly small part of the overall business, about 20% of the global business, maybe even a little bit less than that. That business was down in the low teens here in the first quarter. But overall, pretty resilient performance in a challenging market, and we expect that frankly to remain that way as we go through the balance of the year.
 If you look at our guidance last time we were together, we said we expected Construction to be down 1% to 3% and I'd certainly put them in that category. And then what's really helping drive some of the performance here is the margin performance. Again, for our Construction business to be delivering 29% plus margins is pretty remarkable without any volume leverage. 
Erin Linnihan: And I think we'll take one more question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Matthew Pan: This is Matthew Pan from Julian Mitchell's team at Barclays. Just one, if you could dial in on the TME margins, they were down year-over-year. Can they expand in 2024 overall? 
Michael Larsen: The short answer is yes. And I think one of the reasons, as I said in the prepared remarks that Test & Measurement margins were down in the first quarter is really the strong performance of the MTS business, which grew at 20% plus organic, which is certainly great performance. But due to the fact that we're only 2 years in, in terms of implementing the ITW business model, margins are in the mid-teens in that business. And so there's a negative mix effect that diluted the margins in Test & Measurement by about 250 basis points.
 Now as we go forward, starting Q2 and then through the balance of the year, we do expect that margins will improve from here in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment. If you just look at kind of where we were historically, we're going to be back to kind of the mid-20s here for the full year is the current expectation. So like in every segment, including in Test & Measurement and Electronics, we expect to improve margins on a year-over-year basis. So... 
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. In Test & Measurement and Electronics, I would just add that there's an extremely fertile environment for innovation, which will underpin margin progression going forward in that segment. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. 
Matthew Pan: Got it. And just a quick follow-up. The free cash flow was down year-over-year in Q1. Is that just a working capital build? And then what are your thoughts on Q2? Is that up year-over-year? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think if you look at the free cash flow conversion, it's actually pretty close to kind of normal seasonality. Working capital, if you look at the inventory, it's certainly a decline on a year-over-year basis. It looks like an increase from year-end in Q1. You have to factor out this LIFO inventory accounting change, which added $117 million of inventory in the first quarter. If you do that, you'll see that inventory was actually flat in the quarter relative to year-end, when typically we see a 5% increase or about $85 million of inventory increase in the first quarter, which the team was able to offset.
 Now that said, our months on hand are still elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. And so pre-COVID, we were in the low 2s months on hand. We're right around 3. Certainly, some improvement, but we believe that there is a lot more opportunity here to drive those inventory levels back to kind of pre-COVID levels given that supply chain has normalized. And so as a result of that, you should expect continued strong free cash flow performance as we go through the year. And that's consistent with the guidance we gave today, which is a conversion of 100% plus for the full year.
 So I think overall kind of typical performance in Q1, and more to come as we go through the balance of the year in terms of reducing our inventory levels, which will result in strong free cash flow, as you've come to expect from ITW. 
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. And with that, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Eric, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's fourth quarter 2023 conference call. I'm joined by our President and CEO, Chris O'Herlihy; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. Also with us today is Erin Linnihan who joined our Investor Relations team last month as Vice President. Erin, welcome to ITW. During today's call, we'll discuss ITW's fourth quarter and full-year 2023 financial results and provide guidance for full-year 2024. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Company's 2022 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Chris O'Herlihy.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. In Q4, we delivered a solid finish to a year of high quality execution and face some pretty unique challenges, including slowing demand for CapEx, headwinds from customer and channel inventory reductions and an automotive industry strike. As a result, organic growth was essentially flat in the fourth quarter. Operating margin came in at 24.8% with 150 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives and free cash flow grew almost 40%. GAAP EPS of $2.38 included $0.04 of unfavorable impact from the devaluation of the Argentine currency. Throughout 2023, the ITW team continued to leverage the strength and resilience of the business model and our high quality diversified business portfolio to deliver a year of strong operational and financial performance, including solid organic growth of 2% on top of 12% growth in both 2021 and 2022. Operating margin of 25.1% and an improvement year-over-year of 130 basis points. Income growth of 7% to a record $4 billion, after-tax ROIC of more than 30%, 50% plus free cash flow growth and GAAP EPS of $9.74. We delivered these results while investing almost $800 million to sustain productivity and accelerate our organic growth initiatives in our highly profitable core businesses. As we outlined at our Investor Day, our key strategic priority as we enter this next phase of our enterprise strategy in 2024 is to build above market organic growth fueled by customer-back innovation into defining ITW strength on par with our world class financial and operational capabilities. Turning now to our 2024 guidance. We are encouraged by what we are seeing in terms of demand across the majority of our portfolio, along with some meaningful improvements in both customer and channel partner inventory levels and input cost inflation, as well as continued progress on customer-back innovation.  For our usual process, our organic growth projection for 2024 of 1% to 3%, and our EPS guidance of $10.20 at the midpoint, reflect current levels of demand adjusted for seasonality. Operating margin is projected to improve by about a 100 basis points at the midpoint to a range of 25.5% to 26.5%. This includes another solid contribution of approximately a 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. Before I turn the call over to Michael to provide more detail on the quarter and full-year performance as well as our guidance for 2024, I want to thank my ITW colleagues around the world. Their extraordinary dedication and commitment to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence and for their incredible support as I transition into the CEO role. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In Q4, the ITW team delivered a solid finish operationally and financially to a strong year for the company. Starting with the topline, the soft market demand for CapEx that we talked about on our Q3 earnings call continued into the fourth quarter. In addition, customer and channel inventory reductions and the automotive industry strike reduced our organic growth rate by approximately 1.5%, resulting in essentially Fed revenue and organic growth on a year-over-year basis. That said, we finished the year with stable to slightly improving demand on a sales per day basis, as evidenced by sequential revenue growth of plus 2.5% from Q3 into Q4 compared to our historical sequential growth of plus 1.5%. Foreign currency translation added 1.2% to revenue and divestitures reduced revenue by 0.4%. GAAP EPS was $2.38 and included $0.04 impact from the devaluation of the Argentine currency. On the bottom line, operating income was a Q4 record of $988 million and operating margin was flat year-over-year as enterprise initiatives of 150 basis points and 60 basis points of price, cost, margin benefit, net of year-over-year inventory revaluations were offset by a combination of growth investments including headcount ads, higher employee-related costs, such as wages and benefits, as well as increased restructuring expenses year-over-year. Free cash flow grew 39% to a fourth quarter record of 908 million with a conversion to net income of 127%. Overall for Q4, solid operational execution and financial performance in a pretty challenging environment. Please turn to Slide 4, starting with one of the highlights for Q4 and the year. Our free cash flow performance on the left side of the page. And as you can see, our full-year free cash flow was up more than a $1 billion to a record $3.1 billion as our inventory months on hand metric continued its slide path to pre-COVID levels. Now let's move to the segment results starting with automotive OEM, which led the way with organic growth of 8%, despite North America being down 9% due to the impact of the automotive strike. Meanwhile, Europe's organic growth rate was plus 11%, and China was up 31% driven by strong market share and penetration gains in the rapidly growing EV market. Operating margin was 19.2% excluding 160 basis points of headwind from higher 80/20 front-to-back restructuring expenses as the automotive OEM team continues to work toward its margin goal in the low to mid-20s over the next two to three years as outlined at our Investor Day. Looking forward, we expect automotive OEM to grow 3% to 5% in 2024, based on an assumption of essentially flat global auto bills year-over-year, plus our typical penetration gains of 2% to 3% and continued above market organic growth in China. Turn to Slide 5. Food equipment delivered organic growth of 3% against a tough comparison of plus 17% in Q4 last year. Equipment grew 1% and service was very strong, up 7% for the quarter. By region, North America grew 4% with institutional end markets up in the mid-teens, retail up mid-single digits and restaurants down in the high-single digits. Europe and Asia Pacific both grew 1%. Test and measurement and electronics, organic revenue was down 1% due to continued softness in semiconductor-related end markets. While test and measurement grew 5%, electronics declined 14%. Moving on to Slide 6. Slower demand in welding resulted in an organic revenue decline of 7%. Equipment was down 8% and consumables were down 6%. Industrial sales declined 11% versus a tough comparison of plus 23%. Commercial was down 2% and oil and gas was down 3%. Overall, North America was down 7% and international was down 6%. Polymers & Fluids, organic revenue declined 2% with our automotive aftermarket down 3%, Polymers grew 6% and Fluids was down 7%. Operating margin expanded 270 basis points to an all-time high of 28.5% for the segment. Turning to Slide 7. In a tough housing market, construction products, organic revenue declined 4% as North America was essentially flat with residential renovation flat and commercial construction up 3%. International markets have been soft all year and in the fourth quarter, Europe was down 9% and Australia, New Zealand was down 5%. Specialty products, organic revenue was down 5% as North America was down 6% and international declined 5%. Consumables were down 10% and equipment revenue grew 8%. Moving to Slide 8 and full-year 2023 results. And as Chris said, throughout the year, our colleagues around the world did an exceptional job of delivering for our customers and responding decisively to a challenging and volatile market demand environment. As a result of their efforts, ITW delivered record financial performance in 2023 with solid organic growth of 2% on top of 12% growth in both 2021 and 2022. Best-in-class margins of more than 25% and after-tax return on invested capital of more than 30%. And we delivered these results while continuing to fully fund projects to accelerate above market organic growth and sustain productivity in our highly profitable core businesses. We raised our dividend 7% and return more than $3 billion of shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Let's move to Slide 9 and our guidance for full-year 2024. And looking ahead, we definitely see some positives in terms of moderating headwinds in the external environment from supply chain, input cost inflation, and customer channel partner inventory reductions. But there are certainly some challenges, including lower automotive bills that I talked about earlier for example. For our usual process, our topline guidance of revenue growth of 2% to 4%, an organic growth of 1% to 3% is based on current levels of demand adjusted for typical seasonality and incorporate current foreign exchange rates. Operating margin is expected to improve by about a 100 basis points to a range of 25.5% to 26.5%, which includes a 100 basis points contribution from our enterprise initiatives. After-tax return on invested capital is expected to remain firmly at 30% plus, and we expect strong free cash flows again with conversion greater than net income. For 2024, we are projecting GAAP EPS in the range of $10 to $10.40, which includes headwinds of about $0.10 of higher interest expense and $0.20 of higher income tax expense with an expected tax rate in the range of 24% to 24.5%. In terms of cadence for the year, we expect our typical first half, second half EPS split of 49% and 51%. Our capital allocation plans for 2024 are consistent with our longstanding disciplined capital allocation framework that we discussed at last year's Investor Day. Our top priority remains internal investments to support the organic growth initiatives associated with the next phase of the enterprise strategy and sustained productivity in our highly profitable core businesses. Second priority is an attractive dividend that grows in line with earnings over time, which remains a critical component of ITW's total shareholder return model. Third, selective high quality acquisitions that enhance ITW's long-term profitable growth potential, have significant margin improvement opportunity from the application of our proprietary and powerful 80/20 front to back methodology and can generate acceptable risk adjusted returns on our shareholders' capital. And finally, ITW's surplus capital is allocated to an active share repurchase program as we plan to buy back $1.5 billion of our own shares in 2024.  Turn to our last slide, Slide 10 for our 2024 organic growth projections by segment. And as you can see, five of seven segments combined are projecting organic growth of approximately 4% at the midpoint, partially offset by some unique challenges in construction and specialty products. These segment projections are the outcome of the bottom up planning process that we completed in January, and a combination of several factors including current levels of demand, deep underground market and customer insights from our divisions, market share gain expectations, and the growing contribution from our customer-back innovation efforts and the associated new product launches in every one of our divisions. Consistent with ITWs continuous improvement, never satisfied mindset, every segment is projecting to improve their operating margin performance again in 2024 with another solid contribution from enterprise initiatives across the Board. So overall, we are heading into the first year of our next phase enterprise strategy, well positioned to continue to outperform in whatever economic conditions emerge as we move through 2024. With that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Michael. Eric, can you please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hello. Good morning. Thank you so much. So my first question is, when we look at the annual guide, organic growth guide for 2024 for each segment, how should we think about these segment growth rates for the first quarter? Should it be similar to the annual guide, or do you expect any deviation from that in the first quarter and then maybe improvement throughout the year?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, you'll see improvement in the year-over-year organic growth rates as the comparisons get easier as we move through the year. But by and large, the projections here track kind of typical seasonality from Q4 into Q1 and so forth. So there's really nothing unusual there. The other thing to keep in mind is while the guidance at the enterprise level is essentially based on current run rates as we talked about. It's a much more granular projection at the segment level, which includes also significant contribution again from new products as well as our normal pricing less drag from the inventory reduction that we've been talking about really all year. And so really give a better kind of number as we look at the segments. So that's how I would think about it.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's very helpful. And then it seems like the inside incremental margin for the year is in the 60% to 70% range, probably in the high 60 if my math is right versus normally 35% to 40%. So what's really driving this? Any specific segment you want to call up that may drive this overall high incremental for the year?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think Tami, we've got fairly modest kind of revenue growth that we're calling for here, 1% to 3%. And our incremental margins embedded in the guidance are higher than our typical long-term 35% to 40%, which is what I would still use in terms of long-term modeling. The reason why is a 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives that give us a higher incremental margin in 2024. As part of our planning process that I just described, we've now had a chance to go through all the projects and activities that contribute to a 100 basis points of enterprise initiatives, again in 2024. And I might add, these are largely independent of volume. So regardless of what volume does, we're seeing another significant contribution here, which is certainly a nice thing to have in your hip pocket in what we would describe still as a fairly uncertain and volatile environment.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you so much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Good morning, everybody. I actually wanted to ask – excuse me – I wanted to ask the margin question a little bit differently, Michael, because if you have a 100 basis points from enterprise, and that's kind of the total that we're looking for, I suppose there must be some offsets in maybe some other costs or something because we're not really getting underlying incrementals. We're sort of getting it all from the enterprise initiatives, if you follow me. So just any detail on that would be great.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think the math is actually pretty simple for 2024. So we've got some volume leverage at that 2% to 4% revenue growth, maybe just round numbers, maybe that's about 50 basis points. The enterprise initiatives add about a 100 basis points. We're entering into what we would describe as a normal price cost environment at this point. And so there's like a modest positive contribution from our price cost efforts. And then the offset is really our continued investments in growth, including some headcount, some employee-related cost, wages and benefits, even though those costs are moderating in 2023 that's still is approximately a 100 basis points of headwind, which then gets us to that midpoint of 26% in 2024. And I might add, well, on our way to our 30% target here by 2030 that we talked about at Investor Day.
Stephen Volkmann: Super. Okay. Thanks for filling that in. And then maybe if I could just follow-up, the food guide, the bottoms up food sort of outlook of 3% to 5% seems like a bit of an acceleration from sort of recent trends, and we don't have super easy comps, I don't think. So what are you seeing in that end market?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. Sure, Steve. So on Food Equipment, projecting 3% to 5% growth next year, really on the back of a few different aspects. Firstly, as always, with Food Equipment, it's a very fertile environment for innovation. So we see several new product launches across all product categories. We would expect less channel destocking Food Equipment in 2024. And also I would say we have a continued recovery in service. As I think, service is about one-third of our revenues in food. We're the only major manufacturer with that captive service business and service is a business that's still in recovery pretty much from COVID, equipment has recovered, but we will see probably the final year of recovery in service in 2024, and all that is adding up to a 3% to 5% growth rate in food next year.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michael, when we look at your 1% to 3% organic growth forecast for 2024, you have a nice acceleration dialed into for your CapEx businesses such as welding and T&M. You're saying you're basing your guidance and current run rates. So you obviously did mention some improvement in sequential demand in Q4. Could you give us more color on what you're seeing in these CapEx businesses that's allowing you to forecast what you're forecasting? I would imagine you're dialing an improvements in semicon and electronics, for instance, in T&M, but that goes into now what you usually do. I'm just curious as to what's flushing out.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, like we've said, really most of the year we've seen some slowing in demand for CapEx and certainly in Q3 and Q4. I think as we go into 2024, as Chris just said, we've got less headwind from these customer and channel partner inventory reductions that were drag of about 1% in 2023. We have a meaningful contribution and increased contribution from new products, given all the efforts around customer-back innovation that we're driving. And then we have normal pricing, and you put all of that together and just based on, I think as you point out, it was encouraging that we saw a pickup in the sequential revenue per day from Q3 to Q4, that I think tells you that there's certainly some stability here and some of the headwinds I just described are maybe mostly behind us. We expect still a little bit of headwind from these inventory reductions as we go through the first half of the year. I think of it – we're working through our own inventory levels here and we expect to reduce our inventories in the first half. We think our customers and channel partners maybe doing some of the same, but it'll be less of a headwind here in 2024. So you put all of that together, I think you're an environment where things are pretty stable. Test and measurement you mentioned semi, it's less than 3% of our revenues. There is an expectation of a modest market pickup here in the second half. We expect to gain share and launch new products in this space. So we'll grow a little bit faster than market there. But overall, we're not expecting a big recovery in demand or the economy to pick up in the second half. This is basically based on kind of current run rates. The one outlier I'll just reiterate is automotive, we're going from a build environment in 2023, that was up in the high-single digits. We expect that to be about flat. And so the growth in automotive is all from penetration gains and continued market share and innovation in China which has been an incredible contributor to our overall growth rate and will remain so for the foreseeable future.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful color, Michael. And then Chris or Michael, you mentioned unique challenges in specialty equipment and construction products. Maybe you could elaborate on what you're seeing in these segments. Doing more PLS in specialty, for example, what's the outlook or frame the outlook for 2024?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. That's correct, Andy. In terms of specialty particularly, we're doing some strategic portfolio work there heavier, I would say amount of product line pruning than we normally expect in a normal maintenance environment. We're doing quite a bit more on specialty really to position that segment for long-term growth of 4% plus. So that's what's going on there, and we're pretty pleased with the progress around that. On construction, it is very much a market story. I mean, obviously, all three main markets for us, North America, Western Europe, and Australia and New Zealand are all forecasting significantly declines in housing bills next year, that will be 11% in North America, mid-single digits in Europe and high-single digits in A and Z. So that's really what's impacting the construction business.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Helpful, guys. Thank you.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joseph O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning. Yes.
Joseph O'Dea: So I mean, you talked about the daily sales rate from Q3 to Q4. It sounds like overall customer tone is perhaps getting a little bit better. You're talking about adding some headcount. Can you just expand a little bit on customer conversations over the last several months to understand a little bit better sort of the verticals where you see some of that uptick happening, and then where you are adding headcount within the business?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think the tone from customers has been pretty cautious all year, particularly on the CapEx side of things as we talked about. If you go back to our Investor Day last year, we talked a lot about accelerating our efforts to drive high quality above market organic growth primarily fueled by, as Chris said earlier, our customer-back innovation efforts. And so those are the areas, all growth related headcount ads that we're making to make sure that we have all the capability we need in terms of innovation, commercial, sales and marketing resources to drive continued progress and deliver on our above market organic growth commitments.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. And then on the channel inventory side of things, can you just talk about the visibility that you have and any context on how maybe elevated those inventory levels got during supply chain constraints? Where you think they are now relative to normal? It sounds like you think first half of this year you could still see customers doing a little bit of work to trim inventories.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think by and large, if you go back historically, we haven't had great visibility to the levels of inventory in the channel and with our customers. I think we have much better visibility today, given that we've been talking about it all year. Overall, it's been a drag of a percentage point on our growth rate for the year. It was 1.5% in Q3, 1% in Q4, and I think several of our segments, we are back to kind of normal inventory levels and this is largely behind us. And then there's maybe a few other areas where there might be some continued, but certainly less headwind as we go into Q1 and Q2. And then I think at that point, we'll give you an update. I think we'll be able to say this is now completely behind us.
Joseph O'Dea: And so with respect to the growth outlook that there's no real inventory – notable inventory headwind within that growth range?
Michael Larsen: Well, there's a little bit. I mean, obviously if you look at our run rates, it is included in our run rates at a higher level than what we might reasonably expect. So if that plays out the way we expect, that would be certainly favorable to the run rate and to the guidance that we just gave you.
Joseph O'Dea: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Sabrina: Hey, good morning. You have Sabrina Abrams on for Andrew Obin.
Michael Larsen: Hey, Sabrina.
Sabrina: As we think about pricing into 2024, are there any segments or any particular businesses where on the margin you're seeing more competition and pricing competition as cost moderate?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, Sabrina, we've talked about this before, we want to maintain our price premium based on the quality and the customer service, the lead times that ITW is uniquely positioned to provide, but we also want to compete and we want to gain market share. That's kind of central to our overall enterprise strategy and the focus I just talked about around organic growth. So that's said, I think we expect a normal contribution from price here in 2024. These inflation-driven price increases are now behind us. Input cost inflation, that big wave we've been dealing with, as we sit here today, we'd say is largely behind us. And so we're entering into a normal pricing environment across the portfolio. I think that is a fair statement. If you just look at, we've now essentially recovered the margin impact from that price costs, the price cost dynamics, and we're entering into a normal environment in 2024.
Sabrina: Thanks. And then as a follow-up on welding, what is driving the reacceleration in growth there from down 6% in 4Q? And how are you thinking about margins in the segment in 2024 given where you're exiting the year and the sort of margins you reported in 2023 here?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Well, I think welding, so we're not counting on a market acceleration, just to be clear. This is if you look at in a normal market environment, just assume for a minute, let's assume the market is flat. The contribution from new products and normal price very quickly gets you to something in the low-single digits. So I just want to be clear around that. The other thing I'd say, just on the margins. We talked a little about the year-over-year inventory revaluations. That's what caused the margins to drop in the fourth quarter, below 30%. And we expect that to be back above 30% here in the first quarter as that one-time kind of year-over-year inventory impact is behind us. So we would expect margins to kind of remain in that 30% plus as we go through 2024. And as I said earlier, that's not unusual. Every one of our segments told us as part of this bottom up planning process that they are on target to improve their operating margin performance in 2024.
Sabrina: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Well, thanks. Good morning.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: This has been asked in a few ways about the segments, but really just trying to think about the 1% to 3% organic growth in the context of your sort of 4% to 7% CAGR through 2030. I guess what's the buildup of market growth and price versus market penetration and customer-back innovation? I know again, there's lots of different segment dynamics here, but when you roll it all up, are you basically assuming that it is kind of like flat markets and a couple of points of penetration and innovation. Is that the way to think about it?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. I think it is. I mean, as we say, in our four to seven calculus that we outlined at our Investor Day, you have a contribution from market – contribution from market penetration, and the largest contribution is actually from customer-back innovation. And that's what we're seeing here in 2024 really across most of our businesses. As we used to think about growth, 2% growth last year on top of 2021 – or 12% growth in 2021 and 2022 and targeting 1% to 3% here on the path to four plus, is kind of how are outlining this. And I would say that it's a target and a goal that we're very confident on the basis that it's where the bulk of our divisions are spending their time. We're making progress, certainly more to do, but given the portfolio, given the fact that we've got plenty of room to grow in each segment, given the investments that Michael has been talking about that we've been making now for quite a few years in strategic marketing and innovation. We're really putting ourselves and building the muscle here to get into a position where we will grow 4% plus over the entirety of this next phase. And I think in terms of just capability build, if you think about this in the way that – the way we leaned into front to back 80/20 in the last phase of our strategy, that's the way we're leaning into innovation in the next phase of our strategy. The same level of rigor, scope, and capability building that we applied to front to back 80/20 in the first phase. We are now applying to customer-back innovation here in this next phase. And I would say we're very encouraged by the progress that we've seen on innovation over the last couple of years. It was a 1% contributor five years ago. It's now a 2% contributor on its way to 3% and beyond. And again, very encouraged by the progress that we're seeing across many of our divisions in terms of the qualitative work they're doing on innovation, but also in terms of the quality of the innovation pipeline across all seven segments.
Steven Fisher: That's really helpful. And just to follow-up, sort of the macro level of the pace of economic growth seems to be diverging between Europe and North America increasingly. So can you just give us a sense of what you've factored in on the European economy and how you're thinking about that? I know you talked about the construction side, and I guess similarly on China, how are you thinking about China in 2024 sort of a net positive for you, I think in 2023, maybe different for some other companies. So how are you thinking about that in 2024?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. I think in our overall guidance here of 1% to 3% organic, that's where you'll find all the major geographies. So North America, in that low single-digit, 1% to 3% range. And Europe kind of similar to North America, definitely we've seen some challenges on the construction side as you pointed out, but kind of you put it all together, it's in that one to three range. And then the China is more positive, but that's really driven by the automotive business, which is more than half of our revenues in China. So we expect another double-digit type growth for the auto business in China. And that takes China to kind of the mid single-digit range in 2024.
Steven Fisher: Really helpful. Thank you so much. 
Christopher O'Herlihy: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much and good morning.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe – and apologies if I'm somewhat retreading some worn ground already, but just trying to understand on the revenue outlook again, because it sounds like you had suffered from some destocking in 2023. You're assuming that destocking continues Q1 and Q2 or you're seeing that destocking continue as we speak. But you sound confident on the sort of sell-through, I suppose and so the guidance embeds your selling recouples upwards to sell through in the second half. So I just wanted to make sure, is that the right way of thinking about it? And when you're thinking about sell-through right now, is your sense from your salespeople and the bottom up work that you mentioned that the sell-through in most of your markets is sort of better now than a few months ago. Just trying to understand that, please?
Michael Larsen: I'd say it's about the same, Julian. I mean, I think we – as Chris said, we just delivered 2% organic growth in 2023 in a pretty challenging environment as we talked about. And that included a point of inventory reduction impact. And I might add a point of drag from semi since it came up earlier. So if those two don't repeat, which is what we're saying, then you go from 2% to 4% pretty quickly. And we're not saying that destocking continues at the same level in the first half, which I think is what you said. We do expect it to be less of a drag in the first half. We also said the comps year-over-year are certainly more challenging in the first half than they are in the second half. So I think we're confident because when we look at everything going on inside the company and this focus on driving above market organic growth, a big focus on customer-back innovation, we look at the pipeline and new products that are being launched in every one of our divisions across the company. We look at a kind of a normal pricing environment. We feel pretty confident based on what we're seeing, as we sit here today. Now, we also said this is a pretty uncertain and volatile environment, things can change quickly. And so the thing that we have a lot of confidence is our ability to continue to read and react to whatever conditions our divisions are dealing with on the ground and deliver strong performance as we go through 2024. So we're not economists. We're not trying to forecast where the global economy is going. We're kind of basing our guidance on all the things we just talked about. And that's how we end up in that 1% to 3% range for 2024, which to us doesn't seem like a moonshot based on everything we just talked about.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe switching away from the topline. On the margin front, I think in an earlier question reply, you mentioned sort of higher investments offsetting enterprise initiatives. So there's a couple of things on margin. One was, are we seeing a big increase in R&D and/or CapEx this year and any color on those as a sort of external benchmark for that reinvestment rate? And then price cost, I think a big first half tailwind for you maybe on margins this year. Just wanted to sort of any sense of scale for that.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Price cost, I think we're kind of in a normal environment for 2024. It's not going to be a material driver of our performance. It'll be a modest contribution to margins and EPS in 2024 based on everything that we know today from a pricing and inflation standpoint. In terms of the investments, I think, our investments grow in line with our sales over time, and that's true both for customer-back innovation, it's also true for our capacity CapEx improvements that – that are all of these investments, about $800 million in 2024 are geared and centered around driving above market organic growth in every one of our divisions. And the biggest headwind, I think to margins this year was not so much the investments necessarily not just in growth, but we saw inflation in our employee-related costs just like everybody else including wages and benefits. And we expect that part of the equation to moderate here in 2024 based on some of the actions we're taking to manage those costs in 2024. So that's not going to be an increased headwind as we go forward.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mircea Dobre: Thank you for taking our question. Good morning.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Good morning, Mig.
Mircea Dobre: On the topic of outgrowth, it sounds like you're seeing about 2% this year. You're aiming for maybe 3 percentage points. I guess what I'm curious, when you're looking at your portfolio, presumably we don't have this outgrowth notion being sort of evenly distributed, what portions of your portfolio are generating outgrowth at the pace that you need it to be? And where else do we need to see further investment or further adjustments needed to be made?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So Mig, I would say that, we're probably seeing our growth across most of our portfolio. I would use, auto as an example, think about flat bills in 2024. We're talking about 3% to 5% on auto as an example. We've historically outgrown in food equipment. As I think, if you look at some of the comparisons and so on. Also with welding and with construction, large down market here in 2023 which we outgrew, so we have the capacity to outgrow across much of our segment. And with respect to investments, I think we've been making these focused targeted investments for some time now. This is not new news. This is something we've been doing for a few years to really position ourselves to grow at 4% plus across the enterprise over this next phase. And I think the big driver of that, as we said a few times is customer-back innovation, is leaning on customer-back innovation that we've been working on for a couple of years, and we'll accelerate over this next phase. And that's really what will drive the outgrowth going forward. And that customer-back innovation opportunity resides in every segment on the basis of the level of differentiation in every segment, the share runway opportunity we have in every segment. So we would expect every segment in time to meaningfully contribute to that 4% plus organic growth.
Michael Larsen: I would just add to that, Mig. We've talked a lot about the individual segments today. I think you got to look at ITW as the beneficiary of a highly diversified, high quality portfolio. All of our segments with margins in the high-20s, we're working through automotive, and so you're always going to have some puts and takes, which is what we're talking about. But this portfolio really gives us a level of resilience and a real competitive advantage relative to others, and puts us in a great position to perform, continue to perform at a high level in any type of demand environment over the long-term. Now, we never said that we were going to be the fastest grower. There's always going to be certain end market trends, whether it be aerospace or electrification or whatever it maybe. But you put this portfolio together in its totality. We have all the firepower that we need to deliver a 4% plus average annual organic growth as we go forward. And by the way, five of our segments are doing that, as we said earlier in 2024. So I wouldn't lose sight of the fact that, we're a business model centric company and a huge beneficiary of this high quality diversified portfolio.
Mircea Dobre: Understood. Then my follow-up, maybe a question on M&A, Chris, love to get your thoughts on this and maybe how you think about using M&A as a potential tool to generate this outgrowth that you're talking about? Thank you.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. Sure, Mig. So effectively, we are very much sticking to our disciplined portfolio management strategy, which is very consistent in terms of – we are certainly interested in high quality acquisitions where we can find them that extend our long-term growth potential to grow at a minimum 4% plus at high quality. That's the primary kind of lens, we look at acquisitions. We've been able to leverage the business model to improve margins. And so we certainly review opportunities on an ongoing basis, but we're pretty selective here about acquisitions, given the fact that we believe we've got a lot of organic growth potential that we're going to execute on here over the next few years. If I think about MTS as an example of the typical – attractive candidate, we look at and ticked all the boxes in terms of strategic attraction, in terms of differentiation, solving customer pain points, opportunity to leverage the business model to improve margins. And having owned that business now for just over two years because we stuck to the characteristics that we believe in with respect to acquisitions. This is an acquisition that's turning on to be a home run and will be a great ITW business in the long-term. So it's a real blueprint for how we think about acquisitions and how we'd be thinking about acquisitions going forward.
Mircea Dobre: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Krista, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Krista. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2023 conference call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; Vice Chairman, Chris O'Herlihy; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we’ll discuss ITW’s third quarter financial results and provide an update on our full year 2023 outlook. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company’s 2022 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. As you are all aware, on September 7, we announced our CEO succession plan, wherein I will be turning over the CEO role to my colleague, Chris O'Herlihy at year-end. Chris is an exceptional leader with deep expertise in ITW's highly differentiated business model, our focused strategy to leverage it to full potential and the company's unique one-of-a-kind culture. He has been an invaluable partner and collaborator with me over the past 11 years. We have worked closely together to prepare for this transition. He is more than ready and he will do an exceptional job as ITW's next CEO. If you allow me a brief bit of reflection in the last 11 years, I will simply say that everything we did was driven by our fundamental belief in the performance power of the differentiated set of strategic and operational capabilities and practices that we refer to as the ITW business model. In this past phase, we focused on getting the company properly positioned to be able to leverage them to their full potential over the long term. With this as our foundation, ITW enters our next phase in a position of great strength and resilience with these unique skills and capabilities sharply honed. I wholeheartedly believe that there will be an even bigger source of competitive advantage and differentiated performance in the company's next phase than they were in the last one, especially if you believe as I do that the level of volatility and unpredictability of the world will only increase from here forward. I have absolutely no doubt that Chris and the incredibly talented ITW leadership team behind him will utilize all of the differentiated tools at ITW's disposal to read and react to whatever comes our way and lead the company to even greater heights in our next phase. Let me close by saying that it has been both a privilege and an honor to lead this great company for the last 11 years. And I offer my deepest gratitude to all of my ITW colleagues past and present for all of their support and for their unwavering commitment to working every day to be the best ITW that we can be. With that, it is now my pleasure to turn the call and in a few months, the company over to Chris O'Herlihy. Chris, over to you.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. First, I want to thank Scott and our Board of Directors for their trust and confidence in electing me as ITW's next CEO. I'm incredibly humbled by the opportunity to lead this great company, our exceptionally talented leadership team and our 46,000 dedicated colleagues around the world. As Scott said, as a result of the work done over the last 11 years in executing our enterprise strategy to leverage the ITW business model to its full potential, our company has never performed better or been better positioned for the future. The central focus of the next phase of our enterprise strategy is to elevate high quality organic growth and customer back innovation as key ITW differentiators on par with our best-in-class operational capabilities and financial performance. Our leadership team and I are deeply committed to doing just that in delivering on ITW's 2030 Enterprise Performance Goals. Now, let's turn to our Q3 performance. The strength and resilience of ITW's proprietary business model and high-quality diversified portfolio once again drove strong operational execution and financial performance this quarter. Starting with the top line, organic growth was 2% on an equal days basis, as demand for CapEx slowed down in test and measurement and electronics and welding. Our margin and income performance continues to be very robust. Operating margin improved 200 basis points year-over-year to 26.5% as enterprise initiatives contributed 140 basis points. Quarterly operating income grew 9% to $1.1 billion. GAAP EPS grew 9% to $2.55 and free cash flow was up 40%. With three quarters behind us, we are narrowing our EPS guidance to a range of $9.65 to $9.85, which now incorporates a $0.12 adjustment to the impact of the auto strike in Q4. Looking ahead at the balance of the year, the company remains well positioned to deliver another year of differentiated performance. I'll now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our Q3 performance and full year guidance in more detail. Michael.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Organic growth in the third quarter was essentially flat and plus 2% on an equal days basis as Q3 this year had one less shipping day compared to Q3 last year. Foreign currency translation impact was favorable by 1.5% and divestitures reduced revenue by 1.2%. The net result was revenue growth of 0.5%. Third quarter operating margin was 26.5%, an increase of 200 basis points year-over-year as enterprise initiatives contributed 140 basis points and price cost margin impact was positive 210 basis points. GAAP EPS of $2.55 was up 9% and included $0.07 net of favorable corporate items on a year-over-year basis starting with unallocated expense, which improved by $43 million due to lower employee related expenses, including health and welfare and a one-time insurance recovery. This favorable item was partially offset by $16 million of lower other income, primarily due to lower investment income. As I said, the net effect of these two items was favorable $0.07 net per share. Free cash flow grew 40% to $856 million, with a conversion to net income of 111% as we continue to make solid progress on returning to our normal historical inventory levels. We repurchased $375 million of our shares this quarter and raised our dividend by 7% to an annualized payout of $5.60 per share, which marks our 60th year of raising the dividend. In summary, Q3 was another quarter of strong operational execution and financial performance. Turning to Slide 4, organic revenue growth by geography. As you can see, North America was down 2%, Europe was about flat, and Asia Pacific was up 6%, with China up 8%, driven by the Automotive OEM segment. Excluding auto, China was down 1%. Moving to the segments and starting with our Automotive OEM, organic growth was 4%. North America was down 5%, Europe was up 5% and China was up 18%. There was essentially no impact on Automotive OEM segment revenues from the auto strike in Q3. But as Chris noted, that will not be the case in Q4. As a reminder, our North American Automotive OEM business represents approximately 40% of total segment revenues. And within that 40%, approximately two-thirds of our annual sales are tied to D3 automotive customers. Included in our updated earnings guidance today is our estimate that the impact of the auto strike will reduce our Q4 earnings by $0.12 per share, which is essentially based on October D3 domestic production levels continuing through the remainder of the quarter. Turning to Slide 5. Food Equipment delivered solid organic growth of 6% as Equipment was up 5% and Service grew 9%. North America grew 10%, with institutional sales up in the mid-teens, restaurants up high single digits and retail up in the high teens on the back of new product rollouts. Europe, however, was flat and Asia Pacific was up 6%. In Test & Measurement and Electronics, organic revenue was down 4%, weighed down six percentage points by semiconductor-related demand, which represents about 15% of segments and for context, only 3% of ITW revenues. Overall, Test & Measurement grew 2% and as demand for CapEx slowed in the quarter and Electronics declined 13%. Moving on to Slide 6. Welding's organic revenue declined 2%, as Equipment revenue was down 3% on the back of softer demand for CapEx. Consumables were down 1% as industrial sales declined 9% versus a tough comparison of plus 30% last year. Commercial, however, was up 6% against an easier year-over-year comparison of down 10%. Overall, though North America revenue was down 3% and international was essentially flat. Polymers & Fluids, organic revenue grew 3% as automotive aftermarket grew 10% due to the launch of new products. Polymers was down 1% and Fluids was down 4%. Margins were solid as operating margin improved 280 basis points to 28.1%. Turning to Slide 7, organic revenue in Construction was down 2%, as North America grew 2%, with residential up 2% with some strength on the residential renovation side, which was up 7%. Commercial construction was down 2%. International markets were soft, with Europe down 8%; and Australia and New Zealand down 4%. Margins were solid as operating margin improved 420 basis points to 29.9% with strong contributions from enterprise initiatives and price cost. Finally, Specialty Products, organic revenue was down 6%. North America was down 9% and international grew 1%. Consumables were down 9% and Equipment revenue, which represents about 20% of the segment, was up 9%. Moving to Slide 8 and our updated full year 2023 guidance, as you saw this morning, we are narrowing the range of our GAAP EPS guidance to a new range of $9.65 to $9.85 which, as I mentioned earlier, includes a $0.12 adjustment for the estimated auto strike impact in Q4. Based on current levels of demand exiting Q3, including the estimated impact of the auto strike, we're projecting organic growth of 2% to 3% for the full year. We are raising our full year operating margin guidance to 25% to 25.5%, to reflect our stronger margin performance exiting the third quarter, and we expect that margins for the full year will improve by 150 basis points at the midpoint, including a contribution of more than 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. We are projecting free cash flow conversion of more than 100% of net income for the year. So while the overall demand environment clearly has some uncertainties in the near-term, inventory normalization, elevated interest rates, increasing CapEx caution and the auto strike just to mention a few. The entire team at ITW remains focused on leveraging ITW's unique strengths and capabilities to optimize our ability to continue to deliver differentiated long-term performance. With that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Michael. Krista, please open the lines up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning Scott and Chris and Michael and Karen.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Scott Davis: I was -- the price/cost positive 200 basis -- 210, was better. I think we were thinking just some simple math kind of more like 100, 150. What -- were you able to get more, price in the quarter? Or was it lower cost or a little bit of both? Or just a little color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So let me give you a little bit of context here. So we are definitely on track to recover the margin impact now from more than two years of unprecedented inflation, which now appears to have stabilized. There's definitely still some pressure on the cost side, on the labor side, components as well as energy. That said we've made some good progress. Price/cost was positive 190 basis points in Q1, 216 in Q2, which was the peak and then 210 here in the third quarter. And we're now looking at somewhere around 150 basis points in Q4, and that would put us around 200 basis points recovery for the full year. Price is holding, and we're seeing a little bit of deflation on the -- more on the commodity side. So these would be the metals, in particular, which drove the stronger performance here on price/cost in the third quarter.
Scott Davis: That's helpful. Chris, I know it's early. You've got another couple of months, but is there kind of a plan for the first 90 days? Or where do you see the -- I guess the focus shifting, is there a little bit more emphasis on portfolio or -- I know you mentioned kind of driving higher growth rates, but they're just -- given the diversity of end markets you sell into, there's just so much you can do on that front. But maybe just a little color on where you planning on spending your first kind of three to six months and focusing?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So Scott, I would say, in general, our plan is very much in line with what we outlined at our Investor Day in terms of really ensuring that we continue to strengthen our foundation, which is our business model and obviously then building organic growth as a core strength on par with our operational capabilities and financial performance over time. I think the first 90 days I'm just learning the job, just go out and pretty good understanding of our businesses already, but obviously, working with our businesses to make sure that our strategy is well part of dominant businesses, which, of course, it is, that's really the plan for the first 90 days, I would say. But it's really in the context of being very committed to this -- the strategy for the next phase, which is to sustain the strong foundation we have around our business model, we're really leaning in and continuing to build our organic growth capabilities to be on par with our operational capabilities and our financial performance.
Scott Davis: Okay. Best of luck. Thanks all. And congrats, Scott, a fantastic run, really exceptional. So thank you all. Best of luck.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much. So my first question is, I wanted to understand the operating margin expansion a bit better, 200 basis points, enterprise initiative 140, price/cost 210. So what was the drag to get to the 200 basis points expansion. I remember you were investing in labor and compensation this year. Is that still there? And when do you expect that to taper off, especially as you look into 2024?
Michael Larsen: Yes. Good morning, Tami. So you're right. If you look at the margin improvement year-over-year, another really strong contribution from Enterprise Industries. I think the best performance in 2.5 years, which is really remarkable given where we're at in the enterprise strategy. Price/cost, we talked about 210, and then 160 basis points of, I don't want to call it headwind necessarily because these are investments that we're making in our long-term organic growth initiatives, including new hires as well as then, obviously, the regular wage and benefit inflation that everybody else is seeing. That all adds up to about 160 basis points. And that's how you get to -- even with all of those investments, that we continue to make, you're getting 200 basis points of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis to 26.5%, which I believe was a new record for the third quarter.
Tami Zakaria: Does that 150 basis points headwind continue in the fourth quarter and maybe in the next several quarters, how should we think about that headwind?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think the normal run rate is somewhere -- we've been running higher than that this year. The normal run rate and we'll see how the plans roll up for next year. I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. But if you look at historically, that's about 100 to 150 basis points of headwind.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Can I ask one more quick one? The $0.12 headwind from the auto strike you're calling out for the fourth quarter. Does that assume the strike continues through the end of the quarter? And what does that mean in terms of organic growth headwind for the fourth quarter?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So Tami, let me just broaden the lens maybe a little bit here. I think given the uncertainty around auto and the fact that the strike is now in the sixth week here, we decided that we take a more prudent approach, which is basically based on what we're seeing in our businesses right now, maybe with room for things deteriorating a little bit further from where they are today. And if you take that quarter-to-date impact and extrapolate through year-end, that's how you get the $0.12 of EPS adjustment that's now embedded in our guidance. So assuming -- to answer your question, it continues through year-end. If the strike ends before year-end, obviously, we'll do better than that. If it gets worse, our businesses will do a great job in terms of reading and reacting to the conditions on the ground. The optimist might say that some of those -- that production will get deferred into next year. But obviously, a lot of uncertainty, and given that we don't really want to pin down a revenue number, we're just going to give you here the $0.12 of adjustment that I just laid out for you.
Tami Zakaria: Great. Thank you, so much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: So question, I think before you were talking about sort of 25% of the portfolio slowing structure over the past couple of quarters. Have any of those markets bottom like electronics? And have any new markets started to slow? Or is it the same 25%? Just how do you look at the world?
Michael Larsen: Hi Andrew, so there's definitely some puts and takes. I think, for example, if you had asked me that question last quarter, I would have said automotive OEM -- automotive aftermarket would be in that category. They were up 10%. So just an example of things moving in and out. So I'm not sure it's really that relevant to look at. But if you just look at what we would say now is kind of slowing to 25% on a combined basis, those businesses were down year-over-year, 3% in the third quarter. However, sequentially, they did improve from the second quarter by a percentage point, which I would say fairly stable. Talking about electronics and semi specifically, I think consumer electronics remains fairly weak. On the semiconductor side, you will recall that we've talked about an expectation from industry experts, I'll call them as well as our customers that there would be a reacceleration of demand here in the second half of this year. And that now looks like it's been deferred probably until sometime next year. Now obviously, we remain, as we now do on an ongoing basis, committed to those businesses. We continue to invest and really position ourselves for the inevitable recovery down the road, which hopefully comes next year in 2024 and making sure that we're well positioned to take full advantage of the long-term growth opportunities that we believe are right in front of us in that part of our businesses, so.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And then maybe you've answered this question as you talked about the business overall, but in Construction Products and Polymers & Fluids, the changes in variable margin cost was a material benefit to margin year-over-year and has been year-to-date. Anything specific that you're doing in these businesses and how much more runway is there?
Michael Larsen: Well, there's a lot of work that's going on in those businesses to deliver these results. Obviously, I'd say the categories you're familiar with, the first one is the ongoing contribution from the enterprise initiatives. And so both the segments that you mentioned had a significant contribution from enterprise initiatives as well as favorable price/cost impact. So those are really the two big drivers in those businesses. And I think it is pretty remarkable that they're putting up record quarterly margin performance given, frankly, not a lot of volume growth, not a lot of volume leverage. So you can imagine once we get the volume leverage going again, as Chris was talking about at incrementals kind of in that 35 to 40 range, there's even more runway for margin improvement.
Andrew Obin: Thank you so much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning, and congratulations, Scott. Within the Welding segment, it seemed like the year-over-year was a little weaker on the industrial side relative to last quarter and maybe a little better on the commercial. Is that something that you're projecting at least in the near term? And to what extent is there a margin mix difference between those two subsegments that you could be aware of?
Michael Larsen: So there's not a lot of difference in terms of the margin performance. But I think this is -- these are some great data points that illustrate kind of the dynamic nature of the environment that we're operating in. And really, what I tried to lay out in the commentary was what's driving this on a year-over-year basis are just a comparison. So it's really hard to draw any conclusions from the year-over-year comparisons. What I think we can say broadly in Welding, as we said upfront, is that the overall demand for equipment appears to be slowing down a little bit in the near term, whether that will remain at those levels on a go-forward basis is difficult to say at this point. Backlogs have normalized. We're not really a backlog-driven company. We're now back to two to three weeks of backlog at the enterprise level. And then the last point I'll make is we're still seeing meaningful impact from our customers and channel partners reducing their levels of inventory. So if you think about at the enterprise level, that was a point to 1.5 points of organic growth drag. So just to maybe normalize the Q3 results a little bit on the top line. So 2% on an equal days basis, and then you factor in the inventory adjustments, you're back at 3, 3.5 just to kind of put things in context a little bit. But there's no question that the activity slowed down a little bit on the welding side here in the third quarter.
Steven Fisher: Okay, that's helpful. And then when would you get an idea of how your price versus cost is going to shape up for 2024? I'm getting the sense broadly in industrial it is going to be pretty tight. Would you agree with that? And is that something you can sort of 80/20 to kind of tilted in your favor?
Michael Larsen: Well, so we haven't even rolled up our plans yet for next year. That really happens at the end of this month, and then we'll have some good discussions with our segments and we'll get a much better handle on what the price/cost equation might look like. I do think if you just look at the margin recovery trajectory that we're on. We haven't fully recovered the margin impact. And so I think it's not unreasonable to assume that there will be some carryover into maybe the first half of next year. And then you add on top of that maybe our normal pricing. But again, I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. We'll give you a lot more detail when we give you guidance for the full year, which will be early next year. But certainly, if you're -- price is holding at current levels and the raw material cost -- direct material cost equation, those has stabilized. We're not seeing significant deflation at this point, but we're also not seeing anything close to the inflation that we've seen over the last two years. So, that's kind of the good news here.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. I appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe one area was interested in was Test & Measurement and Electronics. Also, in light of sort of progress on the integration of the acquisition, how that's gone as it's been in the portfolio several quarters now? And also just on the base business, very mixed to reads some of various peers in that market. Any color you could give us or kind of expectations for Q4 on Electronics versus, say, Test & Measurement within that, please?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, Julian, we don't give quarterly guidance. But I think if you look at historical information, you'll see that there's typically a ramp-up in Test & Measurement and Electronics in Q4 relative to Q3. And so we do expect some of that. I think overall, on the Electronics side, like I said, the consumer electronics end market remains soft. Just semi in isolation is down 20%, 25% on a year-over-year basis. And that's -- last year, that was about a $500 million segment. So, we're definitely seeing -- that's what's driving these results. If you take out the semi impact in Test & Measurement and Electronics we're actually up 2% on a year-over-year basis. But we expect this pressure to continue. We're not counting on a recovery here in the fourth quarter. It's based on run rate and typical seasonality I'd say on MTS overall, maybe, Chris, do you want to make some comments? You were just up there. So, maybe you want to--
ChristopherO'Herlihy: Yes. So, I would say, Julian, that certainly the assumptions we made when we acquired the MTS business in terms of strategic fit and financial rationale have been very much validated by our two years of owning the business. The business has performed very well. We are currently in the process of implementing our business model. We're already starting to see some real nice results accruing from that. But we strongly feel this is going to be a very, very successful ITW acquisition. In fact, we are taking our Board of Directors up to MTS later this week for them to witness firsthand the level of progress that we've made on the integration in terms of implementing our business model. But like I say, two years in, so far so good. Great people, great brands, great technology, great opportunity to improve the business model, and like I said, this is going to be a great ITW business in the long term.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I would just add maybe to quantify what Chris is talking about in the short term. This business grew double-digit top line in the third quarter. And you'll recall maybe margins coming in were somewhere around 7%. And through the implementation of the business model, at this point, we are -- the outlook for the full year is in the mid-teens. So right on track in terms of the potential that we thought we had when we acquired the business. So good progress.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And good to hear on MTS. Maybe just a broader question, perhaps amidst the sort of the CEO transition that was announced and congratulations to both Scott and Chris. But maybe on the sort of thinking about the top line a little bit and it looks like maybe some of the share gains that ITW had enjoyed just after COVID maybe have eased to-date or eased in the last 12 months or so. I realize there's some destocking noise in various channels and so looking at market share in that context may not be that helpful. But just wanted sort of perspectives on market share across the larger ITW businesses and whether there's perhaps a need to redeploy a greater share of enterprise initiatives or price/cost savings into sort of organic reinvestment in the base business?
Michael Larsen: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then, Chris, you can jump in. I think I'll start by saying we completely disagree with the premise that we are not gaining market share. Recognizing that it may be difficult for you looking in from the outside to decipher those market share gains on an annual basis, but if you go to every one of our divisions, they will have a very clear picture, all 84 of them in terms of what market growth is and what their growth rate is and what their competitors are growing at. And in all cases, we would say that given our competitive advantages that we derive from the business model in terms of our customer-facing metrics, in terms of our -- the value add that our customers are getting from buying our products, we're continuing to gain share in the markets that we're focused on. And in some cases, you're able to look at public company peers you can peel back the onion a little bit. And if you do that work -- if you were to do that work, Julian you'll see that we are gaining market share in the areas that we are focused on. And I might just add, not only are we gaining market share, but I'll just note the margin performance of our businesses relative to our competitors which typically we are running at two, three times, our competitors, and you can look at Food Equipment and Lincoln and the Welding side, for example, and you'll see that, that is the case. But maybe, Chris, if you want to comment a little bit?
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, I would echo everything Michael just said in terms of the quality of our portfolio, in terms of the amount of room we have to grow in each segment customer-facing performance and so on and the focused investments that we've made in areas like sales and innovation, coupled with the fact that we've seen a nicely improving yield on customer-back innovation. All this gives the credence to what we're hearing from our businesses that we are getting share in most of our key markets in relation to our competition.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes. Thank you. Good morning and congrats to Scott and Chris. Just a quick question on construction. In your comments, you mentioned that the resi renovation channel has done doing quite well. Maybe a little more color there. Is that a function of new products or anything going on in the channel? I just found that to be a little bit surprising given where productivity and interest rates and all of that seems to be?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So again, Mig, you're right. This is on the residential renovation remodel side of things. So these are typically sales through big box retailers, names that you'd be familiar with. And I think if you look at I think somebody asked earlier about market share, this is a great example of really strong market share gains in this particular end market, because I agree with you, if you just look at the underlying data, you might be a little surprised that, that part of the business is up 7% year-over-year in the current interest rate environment. And like I said, this is essentially all volume and share gain through the big box retailers.
Mig Dobre: And presumably, that has some staying power beyond this quarter?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think that overall construction in North America actually remains fairly stable. I'd say maybe a little bit more concern on the international side, which has been weak. The market demand has been a lot softer on the international side. But North America – keep in mind that in the fourth quarter, typically, we talked about seasonality by segment, I said Test & Measurement usually does better. Construction is one where, for obvious reasons, the fourth quarter is typically a little bit lower than the third quarter. But in terms of the share gains and our – the strength in this particular part of the business, that absolutely has staying power.
Mig Dobre: Great. Then my follow-up, maybe on Food Equipment. I'm curious as to how the supply chain has sort of evolved for you here and where your lead times are? I know you've got a number of verticals within this segment, but some context there would be helpful. And also, where are you from a backlog perspective? Are you seeing any sort of noise in the channel around destocking? Or is the segment perhaps less impacted than others? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: So Mig, just from a lead time perspective, I would say that a natural outcome of our business model is best-in-class lead times and customer-facing performance. And we are very much back to where we were pre-pandemic in terms of our ability to supply our customers. In terms of the channel, yes, I think it's an area where there is a little bit of inventory in the channel. We're seeing that coming down. It's probably still out there. It's one of the segments that has been impacted, I think, by channel inventory likely to come down over the next couple of quarters here, but it's fair for sure.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. And then just on the backlog, we're back to normal levels which, in our case, given our customer delivery performance is two to three weeks. So we're back to kind of normal levels here.
Mig Dobre: All right. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats to both Scott and Chris. I guess, I wanted to stay on that topic in terms of the channel inventory normalization it is something you talked about last quarter. I think size is pretty similarly last quarter. And so the question is just any changes that you've seen from kind of June, July into where we are now in terms of the trends on some of that inventory rationalization, whether regions, end-markets, pace of it or if it's all kind of trending in line with expectations as of a couple of months ago?
Michael Larsen: I'd say this is trending right in line with expectations that we kind of laid out on the last call. Like I said, the drag on the organic growth rate of 1% to 1.5% was pretty broad-based, every segment had some impact, very similar Q3 as Q2, and we think this will probably be with us for a few more quarters. And I'd just say, if you just look at our own inventory levels, we are currently running slightly above three months on hand, where typically we're running at low-twos. And we estimate that in our case, it will take us probably until kind of early mid next year to get back to normal inventory levels as we work through the exact same things that our customers and channel partners are working through. And I might just add here that that's obviously going to continue to drive some really strong free cash flow performance for ITW as inventory levels, working capital continues to normalize, as a result of supply chain having stabilized.
Joe O'Dea: And then, how does that kind of compare, relate to some of what you're seeing from your customers right now, I think, in the prepared remarks, you talked about maybe a little bit of slower kind of CapEx demand trends out of your customers. What you're seeing in sort of test and measurement or welding and the degree to what you're hearing from customers is this is more inventory related or if it's something that's a little bit of a pause that's more maybe macro uncertainty related?
Michael Larsen: I think it's really hard to tell. I mean, I think overall, the demand environment, as we said there's, clearly some uncertainties here in the near-term. Inventory as part of that, the interest rate environment, everybody being maybe a little bit more cautious on the CapEx side and then in of our segments, particularly, the auto strike. So there's, a lot of things going on here. It is a pretty dynamic environment, it can change pretty quickly. The only thing we know for sure is that, the ITW team will continue to read and react to whatever conditions are on the ground. And I think if you just look at our track record, we'll continue to deliver differentiated long-term performance. And so that's really our focus is on continuing to do just that.
Joe O'Dea: Understood. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s second quarter 2023 conference call. I’m joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we’ll discuss ITW’s second quarter financial results and provide an update on our full year 2023 outlook. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company’s 2022 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our earnings release this morning, the ITW team delivered another quarter of strong operational execution and financial performance. Quarterly operating income grew 9% and exceeded $1 billion for the first time in ITW’s history. Operating margin expanded 170 basis points year-on-year to 24.8%, a second quarter record with a 130 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives. Operating margins for the company are now solidly above 2019 levels. And with a normalizing price/cost environment, we are back to making progress toward our 2030 goal of 30%. With regard to revenues, organic growth was 3% as stable underlying demand in many of ITW’s industrial end markets was partially offset by inventory reductions at our end customers and channel partners in response to stabilizing supply chain performance. We estimate that this impacted organic growth by 1 point to 1.5 points in the quarter. GAAP EPS of $2.48 was also a Q2 record for the company and excluding one-off tax items in both years, grew – EPS grew 9%. Looking ahead, while customer and channel inventory normalization will continue to be a factor for the next several quarters at least, we expect stable underlying demand and continued strong margin and profitability performance through the balance of the year. As a result, we are raising our full year 2023 EPS guidance by $0.10 at the midpoint. I’ll now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our Q2 performance and full year guidance in more detail. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Q2 revenue grew by 2% with organic growth of 3%, and divestitures reduced revenue by 1%. Foreign currency translation impact was neutral and not a headwind for the first time since the third quarter of 2021. Underlying demand remains stable across the majority of our end markets with some softness in about 25% of our portfolio. As Scott mentioned, our businesses estimate that inventory reduction efforts by our end customers and channel partners reduced organic growth by 1% to 1.5% at the enterprise level. By geography, North America was flat, Europe grew 5%, Asia Pacific grew 11%, with China up 22%. On the bottom line, operating income grew 9%, exceeding $1 billion for the first time ever. Operating margins were a real highlight this quarter as they improved to a new Q2 record of 24.8% with Enterprise Initiatives contributing 130 basis points. Price/cost margin impact contributed 260 basis points in Q2, while higher wages and benefit costs lowered margins by around 100 basis points. In addition, we continue to fund our growth investments, including headcount additions to support our organic growth strategies and initiatives. All in, we delivered 170 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter, with margin expansion in six of our seven segments, three of them, welding, food equipment and construction products, recorded all-time highs. GAAP EPS was $2.48, an increase of 5%, and excluding one-time tax items in both years, EPS grew 9%. Our cash performance was strong as free cash flow grew 68% to $705 million, a new Q2 record. Free cash flow was 94% of net income, about 10 percentage points above our historical Q2 average, helped by an inventory reduction of 6% since year-end. Like our end customers and channel partners, our divisions are also beginning to reduce inventory levels as supply chains normalize. That being said, we added almost $1 billion of inventory over the last two years to mitigate supply chain challenges and it would likely take us until the first half of next year to get our inventory levels from currently 3.2 months on hand back to our normal months on hand levels of about two. We expect that it will be much the same for many of our channel partners and customers. Overall, for Q2, excellent operational execution and financial performance across the board, including record operating income, operating margin and GAAP EPS. Turning to Slide 4. We wanted to spend a minute on ITW’s operating margin performance in Q2. Like I said, one of the highlights of the quarter. Not only did margins significantly expand year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, but at 24.8% margins and are now also solidly above pre-pandemic levels, and we are back on track in terms of making progress towards our goal of 30% in 2030. Let’s move to the segment results, starting with automotive OEM, which led the segments with strong organic growth of 16% and positive growth in all regions. North America was up 3% and Europe grew 18%. China grew 51%. Operating margin expanded 250 basis points to 16.8%, and price/cost margin impact turned positive for the first time in more than three years as this segment continues on the margin recovery and improvement path that we laid out at our 2023 Investor Day. As a reminder, we’re executing a plan to get auto OEM margins solidly back into the 20s over the next three years. Organic growth in this segment in the second half reflects some tougher comparisons, and we expect continued meaningful sequential improvement in operating margins in Q3 and Q4. Turning to Slide 5. Food equipment also delivered strong organic growth of 7% with North America up 8%. Institutional end markets were up 13%, with continued strength across the board. International revenue grew 5%, with Europe up 5% and Asia Pacific up 2%. A real highlight was service revenue, which grew 16%, the ninth quarter in a row with double-digit growth as we continue to support existing customers, new product installations and gain market share. Operating margin expanded 310 basis points to 27.8%, an all-time record for the food equipment segment. Test and measurement and electronics delivered positive organic growth of 1%. The slowdown in semiconductor-related revenues, which represent about 20% of the segment, reduced the segment growth rate by 6 percentage points. Test and measurement grew 10% with continued strong demand for capital equipment as evidenced, for example, by Instron, which grew 30%. Electronics declined 13% on semiconductor softness, which is, however, beginning to show some signs of bottoming out. Moving on to Slide 6. Welding delivered 1% organic growth against a tough comparison of plus 22% in the prior year. Equipment revenue was essentially flat and consumables were up 2%. Industrial sales were really solid with organic growth of plus 5% on top of 27% in the prior year, while the commercial side was down 9%, about as expected against the comparison of 19% last year. North America revenue was flat and international grew 5%. This quarter’s highlight was definitely operating margin expansion of 460 basis points to 33.9%, a new record for the segment and for the company. And the fact that our highest margin segment continues to improve margins and not just by a little bit, is a good example of the never satisfied continuous improvement mindset and is so core to the ITW culture and mindset across the company. Polymers and fluids organic revenue was down 1% against a difficult comparison of plus 10% last year. Divestitures impacted revenue by 6%. Automotive aftermarket was up 1%, polymers down 2% and fluids down 1%. On a geographic basis, North America grew 1% and international declined 3%. Turning to Slide 7. Organic revenue in construction was down 6% against a comparison of plus 15% last year. North America was down 3% with U.S. residential construction down 2% and commercial construction, which represents about 15% of the region, down 5%. Europe was down 14%, and Australia and New Zealand was down 4%. Despite some challenging end market conditions, operating margin expanded 170 basis points to 29.3%, an all-time record for the Construction Products segment. Finally, Specialty organic revenue was down 4%, which included 1 point of headwind from product line simplification and an estimated 3 percentage points from end customer and channel inventory reduction efforts. North America was down 7% and international grew 4%. Equipment revenue, which represents about 20% of the segment, was up 23%, and consumables were down 9%. With that, let’s move to Slide 8 for an update on our full year 2023 guidance. As you saw this morning, we raised our GAAP EPS guidance by $0.10 with a new midpoint of $9.75 based on our strong first half performance with record first half GAAP EPS of $4.81 and the expectation for stable underlying demand and continued strong margin and profitability performance through the balance of the year.  Our organic growth guidance of 3% to 5% includes our expectation that end customer and channel inventory normalization activities will continue to modestly impact overall demand through at least the balance of the year. Operating margin is projected to expand by more than 100 basis points at the midpoint of our range of 24.5% to 25.5%, which includes a contribution of more than 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. We’re also projecting strong free cash flow performance with a conversion of over 100% of net income. Finally, on the tax rate, our first half rate was 22%, and we expect our typical 24% in the second half for an expected full year rate of around 23%. In summary, a strong first half, both operationally and financially. And as we head into the second half, we are in a strong position to continue to deliver differentiated performance through the balance of the year. With that, Karen, I will turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: All right. Thank you, Michael. Rob, can you please open up the lines for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Hello everyone.
Scott Santi: Hello Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes hi, thank you. I wonder if we could address Michael, just kind of the price-cost algorithm for the remainder of the year now. You are up 260 bps in the Q2. I know you still got some more work to do there, particularly in Automotive. So maybe you could address that on a total ITW basis? And how do you see Automotive margins progressing into the back half of the year towards that two handle on margins there?
Michael Larsen: Yes, sure, Jeff. So I think overall, on price-cost, we’d say we’re on track to recover the margin impact from a period over the last two years of unprecedented inflation, which has now stabilized. So, in the first quarter, price-cost was positive 190 basis points, Q2 260 basis points and for the balance of the year, we’re looking at a more normalized 130 to 150 basis points range. And for the full year, we should recover somewhere around 150 to 200 basis points at the enterprise level. I think what was encouraging is every segment is now margin positive, including Automotive OEM and we expect that for [indiscernible] your question specifically to remain the case for the back half of the year. And combined with enterprise initiatives, we expect sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 in the Automotive segment, and we should end up somewhere in the high teens as we exit 2023. We’re still a long way to go over the next two to three years to get back to kind of the low to mid-20s, which is the path that we laid out at Investor Day.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. And your comments about the supply chain normalization and everything were pretty clear, but I just wonder if you could give us some perspective on your backlogs, right? Typically, you don’t have big backlogs, but you got to kind of 2x normal in a number of your businesses. Where are we at the ITW level and kind of getting things back to the normal run rate?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think, similar to what we talked about on the last call, supply chain performance continues to improve. And as that happened, our backlogs are also starting to come down. And at this point, we’re still above our normal levels. If you look at the businesses where we do carry some backlog Food Equipment, for example, we’re running at 2x normal levels, and the same is true in Welding. But as I said, those backlogs are coming down pretty quickly as supply chain performance improves.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you very much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook : Hi, good morning. Two questions. A follow-up on the inventory reductions from your customers and channel partners. Exactly what’s embedded in the back half of the year, is it another visit 1 to 1.5 points and in the guide in the back half of the year? And then as a follow-up to that, you are maintaining your revenue guide despite this, so what’s doing better than expectations? And sort of my last question is Construction margins were very impressive considering the sales decline. So any color on that? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think the inventory reduction impact that we saw here in Q2 is now embedded in our run rates, and therefore, embedded in our guidance for the balance of the year. Actually, if you look at our Q2, it came in right in line with run rate except for these – the inventory impact that we estimate at 1 point to 1.5 points. And underlying demand, as we said, is really stable, if not strong in places like Auto and Food Equipment. So we feel really good about our assumptions here going into the back half of the year. Your question specifically on Construction, I agree with you, that’s some pretty impressive performance given the challenging end markets, particularly if you look at Europe. The big drivers here continue to be enterprise initiatives, which has been called the gift that keeps on giving.
Scott Santi: By you.
Michael Larsen: By me.
Scott Santi: Yes.
Michael Larsen: Yes, if I may say so. And I think total company, the Enterprise initiative impact ranged from 70 to 200 basis points by segment with Construction at the very high end of that at about 200 basis points impact. And then certainly, there’s still some catch-up on price/cost. Construction was a segment that was hit harder than the average in 2021 and 2022. And so price/cost did contribute in a meaningful way. We do expect that, just like we do for the rest of the Enterprise to begin to normalize here in the back half, like I said in response to Jeff’s question, but we’re still going to see positive price/cost impact, including Construction in the second half.
Jamie Cook : Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe O’Dea : Hi, good morning. 
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joe O’Dea : I guess I wanted to sort of extend that a little bit in terms of the comment around underlying demand being sort of stable to strong and sort of calling out Auto and Food Equipment. But anything from sort of a regional or end market perspective that you’re watching most closely on end market demand and sort of considerations on kind of prospects for slowing anymore?
Scott Santi: I think overall, it’s been remarkably stable. If anything, we saw some firming up in the second quarter based on some trends in the first quarter that we talked about relative to 25% of our portfolio. I think the one place we saw things continue to weaken was in Europe on Construction between Q1 and Q2, but for the rest of the portfolio, I think, at this point, the best description is pretty firm.
Joe O’Dea: Got it. And then also just the margin strength in the quarter and thinking about the back half of this year, I think, the midpoint for the full year would suggest something like a 25.5% margin in the back half. I think you’ve talked about sort of continued progress on Auto. Just anything else that you think to be the more notable contributors to that sequential improvement?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean the big driver continues to be the Enterprise initiatives. The work around eighty-twenty front-to-back and strategic sourcing efforts, we expect at least 100 basis points of contribution there in the second half. And then price-cost, we still expect a meaningful contribution as we talked about a few minutes ago. So, all of that means that as we look at kind of the second half, we expect margins to continue to improve sequentially from Q2 to Q3 and from Q3 to Q4, maybe somewhere around 50 to 60 basis points each quarter of sequential improvement. I think we talked in the past about 100 basis points of improvement year-over-year. That’s still looking very good. So, like I said in the prepared remarks, we’re really well positioned here in terms of our margin and profitability performance through the balance of the year and frankly into next year. So, I’ll leave it at that.
Joe O’Dea: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. 
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Tami Zakaria: Thank you so much for taking my questions. So, my first question is on Food Equipment. I think I saw on your slide, it grew 3%, while services were up 15%. So for the Equipment portion, is that entirely pricing-driven? Was there any volume growth in the quarter on the Equipment side?
Michael Larsen: So, I think you know this, Tami, we don’t break out price and volume. And I’d say both elements contributed and it’s a little different equipment versus service, but certainly some really strong activity. North America, I think, we said up 8%, that has Equipment up 5%, services up 15%, by end market institutions up 13%, health care up 18%, restaurants, still really strong performance there. Retail a little softer. That can be a little lumpy, international side, up 5%. So, I think really strong quarter by Food Equipment and actually looking really good for Q3. I think that they should be putting up another really strong quarter. There might be a little bit of – if you go back and look, the comparisons are a little bit challenging on a year-over-year basis. But overall, the underlying demand in food equipment remains really healthy and really well positioned again for the second half.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That’s very helpful color. And if I can ask a follow-up about your Welding segment, I thought the results there were very interesting. Operating margin was up 460 basis points even though organic growth was about 1%. So, what’s driving this very strong operating margin leverage? Is it purely price/cost, or is there something else going on in there?
Michael Larsen: There is something else going on in there, Tami. So, it’s a similar answer to what I said for Construction. I mean I think there is a healthy dose of enterprise initiatives. And then we’re still recovering the margin impact on price/cost. So, those are the main drivers here. And like I said, I mean, price/cost, we expect that to normalize in the second half, but the Enterprise initiatives and we expect that to continue into the – through the balance of the year and into next year.
Tami Zakaria: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: So you mentioned you thought electronics-related markets look like they may be bottoming out. Could you give us more color into what you’re seeing here prompted you to say that? And then stepping back and focusing on the 25% of the business, including Electronics, that has been weak, would you say that like Electronics, you are seeing the bottoming in many of these markets, maybe outside of European Construction, which you already mentioned? Or was that [indiscernible] just focused on Electronics?
Michael Larsen: So let me do the semi portion first. I mean, I think, there has been this view that the second half would be a step-up from the first half. Really, we talked about this going into the year.
Scott Santi: Mostly from what we’re hearing from our customers.
Michael Larsen: And I was going to say, the customer feedback has now become even more supportive of that view along the lines of get ready for orders to come back here in the second half and make sure you have the capacity to support us, which, of course, we do. So, that’s kind of the color commentary around semi. And similar to what you’re hearing from other...
Scott Santi: We’re not baking any of that into our back half…
Michael Larsen: That’s a good point. None of that is baked in. So I think that’s...
Scott Santi: We’ll take them when we see it.
Michael Larsen: Exactly like we normally do; none of that would be in our run rates, obviously. And so we’d be happy to see that here late Q3, Q4, if we get those – if that really comes to fruition. On the 25% of the portfolio, I think maybe to give you a little bit more detail, I think what was really encouraging this quarter is if you look at the performance of those businesses, and there are some puts and takes. There are some businesses that are no longer slowing, that have moved out and others, I think Construction Europe was an example that maybe have moved in, but it’s still about 25% of the company. Those businesses were down 7% year-over-year in the first quarter, and they were only down 3% in the second quarter. And actually, if you look at it sequentially, the businesses as a group improved 2% sequentially. And that includes in that 25% is also at least a portion of our semi revenues. So I think that’s certainly encouraging as we look to the back half of the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michael, that’s really helpful. And then I just want to go back to your commentary on regional demand. You mentioned China was up 22% in the quarter, which I think you expect did. And obviously several of your peers have talked about seeing some incremental weakness in China moving forward. Do you still feel well positioned there, maybe given your China auto exposure, you still expecting kind of Food Equipment markets to improve? Any color would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Andy, the big driver for us in China is auto, and that’s our largest businesses. We talked about this on the last call, we expected a strong Q2 in China. Based on some of the COVID-related slowing in the first quarter, we bounced back in the second quarter with auto up more than 50% in Q2 and all of China up 22%. I think a better way to look at China is maybe if you look at the first half, our China business was up 7% on a year-over-year basis, and that’s maybe a more accurate representation of kind of the underlying levels of demand. And so for the second half, we’d expect something kind of in the mid-single digits out of that region. But again, it’s all driven by the auto business that’s doing a phenomenal job frankly, gaining share and launching new products particularly on the EV side with domestic local Chinese OEMs that are winning big time, as we talked about at Investor Day. So really well positioned, not just for the second half but for many, many years to come here in our China business and in auto particularly.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Hey guys. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Can we maybe just double-click a little bit on the longer-term service opportunity in Food Equipment? Clearly, 16% growth in that business is very robust, and I’m sure it carries a pretty good margin for you guys as well. Can you just maybe kind of talk a little bit about how you’re increasing the growth rate today and then what the expectations are going forward?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think the service business we’ve talked about this for a long-time now in terms of long-term organic growth potential. It is a huge differentiator with us – for us in the market. We are the only OEM that has service capabilities, and it gives us all kinds of advantages in terms of our ability to install, service, maintain and then capture replacement down the line. So we think there’s a lot more to come on the service side. We’re obviously still, to some extent recovering from COVID. If you actually look at the Equipment side has now fully recovered to 2019 levels. The Service side is still catching up, and so we expect that there’s still a lot of runway particularly with our installed base.
Scott Santi: I was going to say that I’m not current on the exact – what our businesses estimate is our share of our installed base, but last time I had the conversation I think it was sort of well into the low-20s at best maybe and don’t sort of take that as possible, but at the point is that we have a lot of room to grow within – with just doing – giving more penetration with our current installed base globally.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That’s helpful. Maybe, I don’t know if there’s an opportunity to elaborate on that point, Scott. I think you guys called out the service business being roughly, what 30% of the Food Equipment segment. So are you – do you have to invest more in your service capabilities or getting feed on the street to improve the penetration there?
Scott Santi: Yes. And that’s been an active strategy for the last – really coming – really from before COVID. So some of it is coverage, some of it is programming. When you actually service the equipment you sell, we have lots of opportunity to integrate service offerings at the point we sell the equipment, which is part of the – why we think this is a big competitive advantage for us. So it’s essentially all of the above, but there’s no way to do service remotely. So we got to have service techs on the street. We’ve got, I think, north of 1,500 in North America and the same in Europe. And given the profitability of the business and how much runway we have we’ll certainly continue to invest. That’s part of what Michael talked about; continue to invest in our organic growth strategies that’s certainly a good example.
Joe Ritchie: Yes. Okay. Great. And then maybe one last question just on M&A. Just any comments around the pipeline today, what you’re seeing and whether there’s been any movement since you last updated at Investor Day?
Scott Santi: Yes, I’d say that there’s been no change. We continue to get sort of apple flow in terms of people wanting us to take a look at things. And as we’ve talked about for a long time and certainly updated at our Investor Day, the aperture through which we will strike on those opportunities is pretty narrow given all the potential in our core business, but we’ve done MTS recently, and we will continue to opportunistically be aggressive. But from the standpoint of overall flow, is it up or down, I’d say it’s been pretty stable.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe a question first off, just around the cadence of sort of Q3 versus Q4; anything to call out there when you’re thinking about margins or the top line, particularly in the context of that destocking that you mentioned? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Julian, I think I said this earlier, we do expect as we typically do, if you look at our historical sequential lift from Q2 to Q3 of about 1%. The thing to keep in mind is that Q3 has one less shipping day relative to prior year and relative to Q2, so that is going to have a little bit of an impact. So don’t expect a big jump here in Q3. But certainly based on current run rates, some progress on the top line, progress on the bottom line with margin expansion. I think we talked about that somewhere along the lines of 50 plus basis points from Q2 to Q3. And I might just add that in terms of our typical cadence kind of first half, second half, if you look at our full year EPS, we’re typically 49% to 51%, and we are – as we see today, right in line with that, based on our – if you look at our $4.81 GAAP EPS for the first half the midpoint of our guidance of $9.75, you can calculate what’s left to go, and you’ll see it’s a lift from the first half to the second half. That’s right in line with our historical averages, which gives us a lot of confidence as we head into the second half here.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much, Michael. And maybe just my second question or follow-up would just be around when you’re thinking about the sort of market share gain efforts across the company. Volume growth year-to-date very muted or negative; do you still think you’re getting some share? Or was the sort of the share gain maximized really two, three years ago when competitors were supply constrained and now we’re in a normal supply chain environment, the sort of share gains have dried up largely? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Well, so Julian, I wouldn’t agree with how you characterize this in terms of no volume gains year-to-date. I think we have a lot of confidence that we continue to take market share not just as we talked about through the pandemic. But on an ongoing basis, I mean, I think if you look at our organic growth rates relative to peers in these – in some of these segments, you’ve got some good comps. You can certainly take a look at that. And I think we’re continuing to invest here in all of our organic growth strategies and efforts, including headcount to continue to take market share. So we have a high degree of confidence that we continue to take share.
Scott Santi: And it’s not something you measure in a quarter or two.
Julian Mitchell: No, I think these...
Scott Santi: I think the long view, we’ve committed to organic growth in our organic growth goals in our – in the Investor Day we just did, and those are organic growth goals that are going to be well above underlying market growth at 4 to 5 and in that case by definition we will continue to take share.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I think the other thing, I mean, the biggest driver as we talked about at Investor Day, Julian, I think you were there is going to be our customer-back innovation efforts. We’re signing a bright light on our CBI efforts, and we’re – the whole company is focused on continuing to drive up the contribution to organic growth from our innovation efforts. And so you put all of that together we’re highly confident we can deliver our long-term kind of 4% plus organic, which is given our high levels of profitability, that’s all we need to grow, EPS kind of high-single digit, low-double digit. You add an attractive dividend yield on top of that, and you’re getting that 11 to 13 TSR over the long-term, not every year, this year, yes, but not every year. That’s what you should expect from ITW. And it’s much more about that than it is a quarterly market share number, which is, I think, what you’re asking about.
Julian Mitchell: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Sure. You’re welcome.
Operator: And thank you for participating in today’s conference call. All lines may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 15:20:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's first quarter 2023 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's first quarter financial results and provide an update on our outlook for the full year 2023. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2022 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen. And good morning everyone. As you saw from our earnings release this morning, we delivered a solid start to the year, with results coming in largely in line with our expectations heading into the quarter.  Starting with the top line, organic growth was 5% with four of seven segments delivering positive organic growth, led by Food equipment up 16%, Welding up 10%, Automotive OEM up 8% and Test & Measurement and Electronics up 6%. Polymers & Fluids was flat, Construction was down 1% and Specialty was down 5%.  Operating margin expanded 150 basis points to 24.2% with 100 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives. GAAP earnings per share increased 10% to $2.33, which was a new Q1 record for the company. Our free cash flow conversion rate was 86% of net income which was in line to modestly above normal Q1 levels.  Looking ahead at the balance of the year. While there is of course some uncertainty with regard to the macro environment, I have no doubt that my ITW colleagues around the world will continue to read react and execute at a high level to whatever comes our way.  I will now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our Q1 performance in more detail and our updated full year guidance, Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you Scott. And good morning everyone. ITW delivered another solid quarter operationally and financially, starting with organic growth of more than 5%. Foreign currency translation headwind and divestitures reduced revenue by 2%, and 1%, respectively.  On the bottom line, our operating income grew 9% with incremental margins of 98%. Operating margin improved 150 basis points to 24.2% with enterprise initiatives and price costs contributing 100 basis points, and 190 basis points respectively.  In addition to higher wages and benefit costs year-over-year, were funding our growth investments including headcount in the areas that support our organic growth strategies and initiatives. And we still delivered 150 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter.  GAAP EPS grew 10% to $2.33, which included foreign currency translation a headwind of $0.06, and our Q1 tax rate was 22.6%. And as Scott said, it was encouraging to see our free cash flow performance return to normal levels. Overall for Q1, excellent operational execution across the Board and strong financial performance including record EPS. Please turn to Slide four, starting with positive organic growth in all of our major geographies. Including North America, which represents about 55% of total revenues, and grew 5%, and Europe is up 6%. Asia Pacific grew 2%, despite a 6% decline in China due to COVID related headwinds in Q1.  Moving on to segment results, starting with Automotive OEM and solid organic growth of 8%. North America was up 3% and Europe grew 16%. China was down 5% due to COVID related headwinds in Q1. And we're seeing the expected bounce back here at Q2.  In terms of automotive OEM margins, we are beginning to recover the price cost margin impact that has diluted margins in this segment by about 450 basis points over the last two years. As a result, we expect price cost margin impact to turn positive starting in Q2, which, combined with positive volume leverage and contributions from enterprise initiatives, will lead to higher margins sequentially and year-over-year starting in Q2 and for the balance of the year. Turning to Slide 5. Food Equipment delivered another strong quarter with organic growth of 16% as North America led the way with organic growth of 21%. Institutional end markets were up more than 50% with particular strength in education and lodging. In addition, restaurants were up more than 30%. International revenue grew 9%, with Europe up 11% and Asia Pacific was down 6% due to China. Strong progress on margins with Q1 operating margin of 26.7%, an increase of more than 400 basis points year-over-year. Test & Measurement and Electronics delivered organic growth of 6% despite a double-digit slowdown in semiconductor-related revenues, which represent about 20% of segment revenue. On the other hand, demand for our capital equipment remains strong as evidenced by Instron, for example, which was up 22%. Overall, Test & Measurement grew 12% organically and electronics was down 4%. Moving on to Slide 6. Welding delivered double-digit organic growth of 10% in Q1 on top of 13% in Q1 last year as equipment grew 10% and consumables were up 11%. Industrial sales remained strong with organic growth of 17%, while the commercial side was down 2%. North America grew 10%, and international grew 12%, driven by strength in the oil and gas business, which was up 15%. Operating margin expanded 110 basis points to 31.9% a new record for the segment and the company. Organic growth in Polymers and Fluids was about flat against a difficult comparison of plus 13% last year. Automotive aftermarket was down 1%, Polymers grew 1% and Fluids was also up 1%. On a geographic basis, North America grew 1% and international declined 2%. Turn to Slide 7. Organic revenue and construction was down 1% against a tough comparison of plus 21% last year. Residential construction was down 1% and commercial construction, which represents a little less than 20% of the business in North America was up 5%. Europe was down 9%, and Australia, New Zealand was up 3%. Finally, Specialty organic revenue was down 5%, which included 3 percentage points of headwind from product line simplification. On a geographic basis, North America was down 4% and international was down 6%.  Okay, let's move to Slide eight, for an update on our full year 2023 guidance. As you saw this morning, we raised GAAP EPS guidance by $0.05 to a new range of $9.45 to $9.85, which considers the lower projected tax rate for the full year in the range of 23.5% to 24%. Given the level of macroeconomic uncertainty going forward, we're essentially holding our operational guidance and adjusting EPS to reflect the lower projected tax rate. Our organic growth projection of 3% to 5% reflects current levels of demand with some risk adjustment for further slowing in certain end markets. Combined, foreign currency translation impact at current rates and divestitures are projected to reduce revenue by 1%.  Operating margin is projected to expand by more than 100 basis points at the midpoint of our range, which includes approximately 100 basis points from Enterprise Initiatives and positive price/cost margin impact. Like I said, we're off to a solid start to the year with some positive momentum heading into Q2, and we remain well positioned to continue to outperform in whatever economic conditions emerge through the balance of 2023. With that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Michael. Rob, let's open up the line for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone. Michael, can you give us a little more color on to how you're thinking about the company's margins for the year? I know you didn't change your forecast, but as you said, was up 150 basis points in Q1. I think you guided us to 100 basis points, and you said price versus cost in Q1, I think you said it was 190 points. I know you're thinking about 100 basis points for the year. So are you thinking that should be materially higher now especially given your comps return in automotive so what held you back from not increasing your margin forecast for the year?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think Q1, Andy came in right along with our plan, really across the entire income statement and also on free cash flow. So Q1 margins expanded 150 basis points. That's typically the low point for the year. And so if you go back and look historically, you'd expect margins to improve from here in Q2 again in Q3 and Q4. And based on our current planning, we expect about 100 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year in each one of the remaining quarters. And actually, across our segments, we're seeing similar trends in terms of margins improving from here. We are -- if you look at kind of the bridge and we talk about this last quarter, as well we're certainly seeing some positive operating leverage from our organic growth this year. We're seeing at about 100 basis points of contribution from enterprise initiatives that's well within our own control based on projects and activities that are going on inside the company. We are starting to see price cost margin impact being positive. That really started in Q4.  And as you said, another step forward here in Q1, we expect that to remain positive for the remainder of the year. As you know, we've diluted margins about 250 basis points at the enterprise level over the last two years and maybe we'll recover about half of that this year, so maybe a little bit more than 100 basis points from price cost. And then the delta is what we talked about in terms of the investments that we're making to support our organic growth and including in our people. And so we are certainly seeing some increases there in terms of wages and benefit increases that everybody else is seeing. So that's kind of the margin picture for the year-end. I hope that answers your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Yes, Michael, that's helpful. And then last quarter, you said that 25% of your ITW businesses were slowing. Is that still the case? And those businesses end up slowing at the run rate you projected a maybe better or worse than you projected. And then Q1 is a bit higher than you predicted in terms of seasonality. Are you still thinking sort of that 49%, 51% in terms of EPS breakdown for the year?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think we're -- if you look at the -- what we talked about last quarter was about 25% of the company's revenues slowing down. And so just to maybe remind everybody, we're talking about residential construction. We're talking about commercial welding and the automotive aftermarket being down here in Q1 and kind of into in the low single digits. Our appliance components business and Specialty Products being down in the high single digits. And then semiconductor, we talked about orders coming down. We're now seeing that translate into revenues coming down in that 10% to 15% range, primarily in the Test & Measurement segment. So Q1 was actually in line with plan in terms of what we expected. We do expect some further slowing primarily in these -- this handful of businesses that I mentioned. And what I would just say...
Scott Santi: And that's not new. That's in our plan.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that was in our plan, and that's included in our guidance and our plan for the rest of the year. I would just say there's a lot of strength in other parts of the company, obviously. The vast majority of our businesses are still seeing solid demand. We're always going to have some headwind and tailwind and it kind of all nets out to some pretty solid performance, as you saw in Q1, and we'd expect the same for the remainder of the year. I'll just say this, I mean, the environment, obviously, this is pretty uncertain at this point, things can change pretty quickly. But based on what we know today, we remain really well positioned to deliver solid performance here in Q2 and for the balance of the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michael, are you still thinking that 49-51 split?
Michael Larsen: Yes. From a planning standpoint, I think that's still a good assumption and in line with really what we have done historically.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for taking my questions. So you mentioned sequentially, you expect Automotive margins to get better from here on. How about sales? Should we also expect the first quarter sales to be the lowest of the year and then build from here? Or is there some seasonality that we should be modeling?
Michael Larsen: I mean there is very little improvement from here on out. I mean, I think there -- it's really the growth rates year-over-year are more driven by the comparisons. So if you look at Q2 last year was there was a meaningful decline in -- or a lower number in auto builds that's going to be higher this year. So we will see some good growth in Q2 on a year-over-year basis. But sequentially, you're not going to see significant and certainly not an assumption baked in here in terms of significant revenue growth sequentially.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you so much. I’ll pass it on to next person.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Maybe two separate topics for me. If you think about the parts of the portfolio that are still resilient and you have visibility, I think one of the uncharacteristic things maybe you saw in the last year or so is backlog build where you wouldn't typically get backlog build. I just wonder if you could speak to that kind of your forward visibility on some of the things that are a bit later, longer cycle, are the backlogs holding, you're starting to burn into them? Any color on orders there would be interesting?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think as you point out, Jeff, we are not necessarily a backlog-driven company. And while backlogs have come down a little bit, they're still significantly higher today than kind of pre-COVID levels. So maybe not running at 2x, 3x, but at least 50% higher in businesses like Welding and Food Equipment where we're still seeing a fair bit of backlog. The other thing we talked about, Jeff, you know this as supply chain continues to moderate here in terms of the challenges we're going to see backlogs come down, and that's exactly what we're seeing across the company.
Jeff Sprague: And I wonder if you could speak longer term to auto margins. I think you said kind of 450 basis point hit from just the price cost, arithmetic and the game had catch up there. Margins are down only about 300 basis points, right over the last year or so. Are you actually pointing us to kind of higher structural margins in auto on the other side of this? I know we don't get it all in 2023, but are we had to do a higher place than we were a year or two ago in auto margins?
Scott Santi: Yes. I'm not sure, Jeff, the exact comp that you're referring to, but I think it's safe to say that auto margins, we see a low to mid-20s business over the next two or three years. And it's a combination of great growth prospects there. The fact that all the new programs that we add are margin positive and in fact, just to put in a plug for our Investor Day in a couple of weeks, we're going to spend some time detailing out sort of the margin path in auto in more substance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning. Scott, Michael and Karen, I was wondering if you guys could give us a little bit of a window into what's going on in China. I think the April PMI came in a little lighter than what folks were expecting back down a contraction level, but they should be reopening. And I think January was probably the toughest month you had in the quarter. But you've had a chance, I'm guessing by now to see at least an early look at April. What are you seeing there kind of just from a macro perspective and perhaps into each of the businesses if that makes sense?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think we -- to answer your question, we're seeing a bounce back here in April, which supports a double-digit growth rate on a year-over-year basis in China here in the second quarter. We did see here in the first quarter, as you pointed out, particularly in January, several of our customers, the automotive OEMs as well as our restaurant food equipment businesses were slower to open up. So we were definitely down in automotive OEM. I think we said 5%. We were down in Food Equipment. Polymers & Fluids was also down kind of in that 15% to 20% range. And those businesses are all coming back pretty strong here in the second quarter. You'll see some big build numbers in automotive OEM in China. That business could be up significantly will be up significantly on a year-over-year basis. Also, the comps are easier here. So we're looking at a 40% to 50% growth rate in the automotive China business. Food Equipment is coming back, Polymers & Fluids, the Welding business. So it all adds up to something Q2 year-over-year up somewhere around 20%, which obviously includes the bounce back from January, and they're maybe a little bit slower than expected to be opening here in the first quarter.
Scott Davis: All right. That's helpful. And I want to go back to Jeff's question, and I don't want to blow up your Investor Day, but feel free to point. But is the era of price de-escalators or price downs and the auto contracts, is that era over with and we're at least over the next 5 years, you envision more of a flattish price environment? Or has nothing really changed. And at the end of the day, we're going to be back into that kind of usual down 1%, 2% price dynamic?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think it's more of the latter, to be honest here. I think the industry has not really changed in terms of how these contracts are structured where you get a lot of price upfront. And so the key there is to continue to innovate and solve problems for customers in ways that nobody else can. And so as you win new programs and get new content on vehicles, that has to come in at a higher price. But in terms of the structure price tons every year that has not changed at this point.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thank you for the integrity of answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can we talk about your position in the Chinese like auto OEM market, there seems to be a real change that's happening there? And I'm just curious, how do you think your position is today? Do you need to do anything to kind of help scale the business? Just any thoughts around that would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think as you'll see, again, at Investor Day, there's been a pretty dramatic shift in that in what's been a very successful automotive business in China. The fastest-growing OEMs are our local to local Chinese OEMs and particularly on the EV side. And so will detail also at the Investor Day, some of the investments that we're making to support that growth and make sure that we have enough capacity and resources in terms of our innovation efforts to continue to win in the Chinese automotive business. So it is a very different business from 5, 10 years ago, but still very successful. And frankly, the organic growth prospects there in terms of above-market organic growth are really some of the best inside the company. So Joe, that's -- again, we'll spend a little more time on this at Investor Day, but we're certainly very optimistic on that business.
Joe Ritchie: That's great to hear. I'm looking forward to learning more about it. I guess the follow-on question, and I know we've talked a little bit about the margin recovery in autos and we'll get more at Investor Day. I'm just curious, though, can you help maybe quantify how much of an impact price/cost was to the margins this quarter on a year-over-year basis. And I know that you're now forecasting for sequential improvement and year-over-year improvement as the year progresses. But how much of a benefit is it expected to be as we progress through the quarters?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think it was a slightly negative price cost margin automotive in Q1 and like I said we’re expecting this to begin to turn positive here in the second quarter. We are seeing overall deflation on more of the commodities, including resins, nylon and acetyl those more basic commodities, those prices are coming down. And so that's part of what's helping us along with, like we said, new content coming in at higher margins. And so those combined will lead to the beginning of cost recovery, price cost margin recovery this year. But as Scott said, this could take two to three years. This takes a little bit longer in automotive OEM than in other parts of the company.
Scott Santi: And I'd just point out, following up on Michael's comments that our auto business still outperforms the peer benchmarks by a margin factor of 2.5x the returns on capital we generate are absolutely terrific and right in line with what we do also in the company. So from a long-term standpoint, these are short-term issues that we'll deal with, but it's not terrible by any stress. The business still performs really well.
Michael Larsen: That's true.
Joe Ritchie: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Good morning, everybody. Michael, you sort of answered a small part of my question, but I'll ask the broader one. I'm curious what you're seeing across the company in terms of the cost side specifically? I think you mentioned a few of these commodities down maybe for automotive. Are there any other areas where you're seeing deflation on the cost side? And then the follow-on is any risk? Or how do you plan that going forward relative to your price? Is there any risk that kind of price follows that back down as that goes down? Thanks. 
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think, Steve, we're seeing -- I wouldn't say we're seeing significant deflation at this point. It's just costs are not going up anymore. There's maybe a little bit of deflation, like I said, in kind of the basic commodities that we mentioned. On components, so assembled parts, machine parts that have labor content, I think the costs are going to be a little stickier there, again, because of the labor component. In terms of our planning, consistent with how we always do this, our planning assumptions are based on all known cost increases and decreases as well as the price that we have either implemented or announced, I think we are kind of lapping these more inflation-driven price increases, and we're kind of back to normal price increases.  In terms of will those price increases stick as material costs potentially come down. I think we have only 5% of our revenues roughly is tied to an index. So the vast majority we would expect to certainly be able to maintain our historical price premium and at the same time, we want to compete and we want to gain market share, which is really the -- one of the big priorities, if not the number 1 priority of our enterprise strategy, which is strategic share gains to consistently grow organic growth above market. So that's how I would -- I think we'd frame that.
Steve Volkmann: Great. Okay. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on the construction products. Market were quite a bit higher than I think some of us were looking for. Anything to call out there that was kind of margin goodness and how that sort of goes going forward?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean when you see something really unusual, the answer is usually price cost. So that's another segment that's been hit really hard over the last two years, actually, a little bit more than the automotive segment from a margin standpoint. And here, what you're seeing is we are beginning to recover the margin impact, which is what we talked about is about to start happening in the automotive business. So that combined to positive price cost combined with a significant contribution from enterprise initiatives actually above the average of the company. I think they were the highest inside the company at 170-odd basis points of contribution of enterprise initiatives. So those were the two big drivers in the construction business. And what's really encouraging is as we look kind of forward, this is not a onetime kind of Q1 impact, we expect to -- based on what the team is telling us to sustain those margins in the high 20s, which is pretty remarkable when you think about where we started pre-enterprise strategy somewhere around 12%. So we expect to sustain those high-20 margins certainly in the near term and medium term.
Steve Volkmann: I appreciate. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Chigusa Katoku: This is Chigusa Katoku on for Jamie. Thanks for taking my question. So on organic growth, you maintain the 3% to 5% guide. But I was just wondering if the outlook by segment just at around at all?
Michael Larsen: And actually -- so of course, we looked at this. I mean, I think we're very close to what we told you on our last call when we gave guidance for the full year. We are seeing a lot of strength in automotive, food equipment, test and measurement, welding, construction, maybe a little bit better than what we had planned. But overall, kind of grand scheme of things, we are right in line with the assumptions that we gave you at the enterprise level when was that, 3 months ago, yes, last quarter.
Chigusa Katoku: Okay. Great. And then on price/cost. So you mentioned that it was 190 basis points positive this quarter. And you remember, you expect it to be positive for the remainder of the year. But I was wondering how we should think about cadence just because I thought there would probably be some puts and takes with auto just beginning to recover onward?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think 90 basis points from price cost and is not -- that's not your normal contribution. So I think we'll have -- based on what we know today, another similar contribution in the second quarter and then it will come down in the second half of the year just as we run into some of the comparisons around price.  But like I said, net-net, we -- you would expect somewhere around 100 to 150 basis points for the full year in terms of price-cost margin, in fact, based on what we know today, which obviously, there's a fair bit of uncertainty in the environment. But based on what we know today, that would be the expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America. 
Sabrina Abrams: You have Sabrina Abrams on for Andrew Obin. Thanks for taking my questions. I think you guys were talking about seeing further slowing through the rest of the year is embedded in the guidance, particularly in the 25% of businesses that you've already pointed to slowing. Are there other areas of the business that you would flag as maybe the next year to drop maybe based on current order activity?
Michael Larsen: I'm not sure I understood the first -- you said CA slowing?
Sabrina Abrams: Just like the 25% of the businesses that you've pointed to slowing and I think you said those would be the -- where you see particularly further slowdown in the rest of the year. I'm just wondering if there's any incremental signs of softness you're seeing in other parts of the portfolio?
Scott Santi: I think that's a simple answer. The other 75% demand rates continue to be very strong.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think and Sabrina, the way maybe to think about it is there's a lot of strength in the more capital equipment businesses, food equipment, test and measurement, welding, there's a lot of strength in the automotive business on the top line, which is kind of on its own cycle. And then the more consumer-oriented, more interest rate sensitive and then semi is where there is some softness. And we've been calling out that softness really if you go back and look. I mean, since last summer, we started to see a slowdown in in construction, and it's played out in Q1, at least exactly like we thought it would. And so far, Q2 is off to a pretty good start.
Sabrina Abrams: Got you. And then you talked about reinvesting in the business. Can you talk about where adding headcount has been more of a focus?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think it's really across the enterprise. So it's -- we're not favoring one segment over another. Every business, every operating unit inside the company has significant organic growth opportunities in front of them, and they make the decisions in terms of where to allocate headcount and or to add headcount to support in support of their organic growth strategies. So there's not really one or two segments that are favored over another one. It's -- every 1 of our 84 divisions like I said, have significant organic growth opportunities in front of them and they're going after those by investing in innovation, commercial resources and capacity to support those customers.
Scott Santi: And I'll just add that I can reiterate something you said before, which is in all cases, those investments are self-funded, i.e., margins in every segment will continue to go up.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, this is all part of our -- you look at our long-term incremental margins in that 35% to 40% range, that’s after making all the investments necessary to take full advantage of the organic growth opportunities that are in front of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start just on consumables trends and what you're seeing. I think if we look at sort of polymers and specialty products and construction products, those tend to have some of the relatively higher consumables exposure across the businesses. Those are where we've seen some of the softer year-over-year organic trends. And so is that really just a function of consumer exposure? Or also, any signs of seeing some destocking maybe tied to some of these consumables? And if that is the case, any visibility on what inning we might be in terms of sort of inventory correction?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean there's certainly some inventory correction going on this quarter or last quarter, we saw that -- and again, it's not like we're selling directly to the consumer. These are all B2B businesses, but the end market, the end consumer or the end customer is a consumer. And those are the ones where we're seeing a little bit more softness, as you said. So I don't know if I have a whole lot more I can add to that.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. And then also just wanted to circle back on the earnings cadence over the year and talking about the 49-51 split, I mean, it seems like it would actually imply maybe a little bit lower than normal weighting in the second quarter. Maybe the answer is you're talking about 100 bps, and it's overly nitpicking, but I just want to make sure it's not -- it doesn't sound like you're seeing sort of slowing relative to what you thought earlier in the year, such that we wouldn't see kind of a normal-ish second quarter?
Michael Larsen: No. I think last quarter, we -- on this call, we talked about 49 51. I think it's still kind of in our planning assumption, 49%, 51%. And again, I'll just reiterate, that's based on what we're seeing today. I think there's a fair bit of uncertainty that everybody is dealing with right now. But that's kind of our -- that's our base planning assumption. And like I said, so far, Q2 is off to a good start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. Couple of ground, but I just want to dig into food equipment because that continues to suggest to really outperform quite nicely. So just curious where we are on the post reopening refresh cycle upgrade cycle? Any thoughts there on sort of the in-store base and share gains, et cetera?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we've gained a lot of share in this business based on our ability to service and supply our customers with lead times when others maybe struggled. I think there's really nothing unusual going on in terms of the recovery, the equipment side, we'd say we have largely recovered at this point. And then on the service side, we're still picking up momentum, maybe an area where we're a little constrained in terms of our ability to take care of everybody on the service side. But overall, we are continuing to see some really strong demand trends in this business. This is an area we're talking about backlog earlier where the backlog is 2x normal levels, which gives us a little bit more visibility than what we're normally we were used to.  In terms of the end markets, as you know, our business is more focused on the institutional side, and we're seeing a lot of strength there, whether it's health care or education or lodging but also restaurants up 30% plus. I think we said this in the prepared remarks. So overall, really a lot of solid momentum here.  China was a little softer in Q1 as we talked about, I think that business was down about 20%, and so that's going to come back here in Q2 and for the remainder of the year. But certainly a business that's performing at a very high level, including on the margin side, it's really encouraging to see the margins back in in the high 20s again. So overall, I think a solid quarter and really well positioned for the remainder of the year.
Scott Santi: Just to take another plug for it -- sorry, Nigel. I was just going to.
Nigel Coe: Go ahead.
Scott Santi: That we will be featuring food equipment as one of the segments at our Investor Day in a couple of weeks, just to make another plug for that event.
Nigel Coe: That would be great. And then just my follow-on is just going back to order margins. You've talked about price cost, I understand that. North America was 3% growth, Europe is 17%. Just wondering if there's a mix issue as well that maybe just essentially to that margin to the downside. And when you talk about sequential improvement in order margins in Q2, do you think that continues into the back half of the year, so we have a nice cadence Q-over-Q from here?
Michael Larsen: The latter, the answer is yes, that's the current planning assumption that margins continue to improve from here on out in automotive. I think North America, you can't read too much into the quarterly build numbers. But if you look at overall builds were up, I think, about 10% in North America in Q1. But as you know, we are more concentrated with the D3 auto OEMs. So those -- they were up I think, about 2% in the quarter. So I don't think that has a significant margin impact necessarily. As I think we've talked about before, our margins are pretty comparable across customers as well as by geography. So not a huge mix issue, if you want.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. And thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to circle back to the organic sales guide for the year. Because in Q1, I think you did 5% the year sort of guided at 4 at the midpoint, the price/cost tailwind shrinks through the year, and I'm assuming therefore that the price revenue tailwind does as well.  So you're essentially assuming sort of flat volume growth or sort of steady volume growth Q2 to Q4 with Q1 or even an acceleration perhaps. But you've talked about 1/4 of the business seeing a slowdown. So maybe help us understand what's the sort of the quarter of the business that's accelerating volume-wise from Q1 to offset the 25% that's slowing more.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think what we talked about during on the last call was our guide of 3% to 5% organic, we expect that being organic growth in the first half of the year being closer to 5% and the second half closer to 3%, and that's really more of a comp year-over-year phenomenon than anything else. There's no assumption here built in, in terms of things accelerating in the back half. Our typical seasonality is Q1 is kind of the low point from a revenue standpoint. Q2, we see a step up and then again in Q3. And then Q4 is kind of similar to Q3. So that's -- again, those are the planning assumptions based on what we're able to kind of extrapolate as we sit here today. I would just add to I'd just add, they haven't changed. I mean I think Q1 came in right along with our expectations. And so we're kind of still right in line with that full year plan.
Julian Mitchell: And is it fair to assume sort of firm why that price tailwind does taper through the year just as the sort of the price cost margin tailwind tapers?
Michael Larsen: Yes. Maybe with the exception of the one business we talked a lot about today, which is the automotive OEM business, that's just beginning to recover we do expect that one to pick up here starting in the second quarter and then again in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. And then just my follow-up would be on the Test & Measurement business, where I don't think there's been many questions, but some of the peers like say, Tektronix, Fortive or something. They were growing 20% plus in Q1. They're guiding to exit the year at flat. Just wondered on the sort of the core test and measurement piece aside electronics, how you're thinking about the balance of the year in terms of that rate of slowdown?
Michael Larsen: Well, general and industrial demand for Test & Measurement equipment remains really strong. I think I mentioned Instron up 22%, another plug for our Investor Day, MTS, which will give you kind of a progress report was up 14% year-over-year in Q1. So those businesses are even more in line with some of the numbers that you were quoting. And really, the only challenges here are on the semi side, which is only about 20% of the segment.  And like we said those semi revenues are now down in that 10% to 15% range in Q1. We expect some further softness here in Q2 in that part of the business. But overall, I mean, I think organic growth of 6% and our margins kind of in the mid-20s after digesting a lower-margin acquisition and some really good progress in this segment.
Julian Mitchell: That’s great. Thank you. 
Karen Fletcher: So that wraps things up. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And just a reminder, we look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in Boston on May 18.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results and provide guidance for full year 2023.  Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2021 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release.  Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our release this morning, in Q4, we delivered a strong finish to a year of high-quality execution in the face of some pretty unique challenges in the operating environment. Starting with the top line organic growth, was 12% as all segments delivered positive organic growth, and five of our seven segments grew double digits, led by Auto OEM, up 20%, Food Equipment, up 17%, Welding, up 15%, Polymers & Fluids, up 11% and Test & Measurement and Electronics, up 10%. Construction Products was up 4%, and Specialty Products was up 3%. Operating margin expanded 210 basis points to 24.8%, with 110 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives and favorable price/cost margin impact of 70 basis points, which was for the first time in nine quarters -- which was favorable for the first time in nine quarters.  Incremental margin was 52%, and operating income grew 18%. GAAP earnings per share increased 53% to a record $2.95, including $0.61 of gains from divestitures and $0.12 of negative currency -- excluding $0.61, sorry, of divestiture gains and $0.12 of negative currency EPS growth was 27%. For all of 2022, the company delivered organic growth of 12% for the second year in a row, best-in-class operating margin of 24.4% in our base business, after-tax return on invested capital of 29.1% and record GAAP EPS of $9.77, an increase of 15% versus the prior year.  There's no question that our decision to stay invested in our enterprise strategy and then our people throughout the pandemic and the quality of our team's execution of our when the recovery focus coming out of it are powering the strong growth and financial performance, ITW is currently delivering. As a result, we are very pleased with our momentum and positioning heading into 2023. Turning to our 2023 guidance. Demand remained solid across the majority of our portfolio, and we are seeing meaningful improvements in supply chain performance and moderating input cost inflation. At the same time, there's no question that the economic outlook, let's call it, remains certainly dynamic. As a result, our organic growth projection for 2023 of 3% to 5% and our EPS guidance of $9.60 at the midpoint reflect current levels of demand and a risk adjustment for further slowing in certain end markets. And Michael will provide more detail on that in just a minute. Before I turn it over to Michael, I want to again thank my ITW colleagues around the world for their extraordinary dedication and commitment to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence.  Michael, over to you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. The demand growth that we've experienced all year continued into the fourth quarter as revenue grew 8% with organic growth of 12%. On an equal day’s basis, organic growth was 14% as the fourth quarter this year had one less shipping day compared to prior year.  We finished the year with strong growth momentum as evidenced by our sequential organic revenue growth of plus 4% from Q3 into Q4 on a sales per day basis as compared to our historical sequential of plus 2%. By geography, every major region grew double digit, with North America up 13%, Europe up 11% and China up 10%.  Foreign currency translation headwind reduced revenue by 5%, and the net impact from acquisitions and divestitures was plus 1%. GAAP EPS grew 53% to $2.95 and included a $0.61 gain from two divestitures, which I'll provide more detail on in a moment. Excluding those gains, EPS increased 21% to $2.34, which included $0.12 of EPS headwind from foreign currency translation. So, on an apples-to-apples basis, eliminating both divestiture gains and currency headwind, EPS increased 27%. On the bottom line, operating income grew 18%, with strong incremental margin performance of 52% and operating margin improved 210 basis points to 24.8%. Operating margin in our base businesses, excluding MTS, was 25.2%. In the fourth quarter, we achieved favorable price/cost margin impact of 70 basis points. And as Scott said, this was the first quarter with favorable margin impact from price/cost since the third quarter of 2020.  Enterprise Initiatives contributed 110 basis points. As you saw in the press release, we completed two divestitures in the fourth quarter, resulting in a combined pretax gain on sale of $197 million recorded in nonoperating income and an EPS impact of $0.61. By utilizing capital loss carryforwards to offset taxes on the divestiture gains, the overall tax rate for the company was 19.1%. So overall, for Q4, excellent operational execution across the board, strong financial performance and what remains a pretty uncertain and volatile environment. Okay. Please turn to Slide 4, starting with our progress on organic growth. And as you know, we've been aggressively executing a very focused growth strategy to build consistent above-market organic growth into a core ITW strength on par with our operational 80/20 front-to-back capabilities.  As you can see from the data on the left side of the slide, ITW's 12% organic growth rate for each of the last two years compares favorably to our proxy peers at about 9% both years, suggesting that while we're not there yet in terms of realizing ITW's full potential organic growth performance, we're making some very solid progress. Moving on to the segment results, starting with Automotive OEM, which led the way with organic growth of 20%. Year-on-year revenue growth was, of course, helped by supply chain challenges in the industry last year. North America was up 15% and Europe grew 23%. China was up 17% with particularly strong growth in electric vehicles. On a full year basis, ITW Automotive OEM revenues were up 12% versus 6% growth in car builds. Looking forward, we expect Automotive OEM to grow 5% to 7% in 2023 based on a risk-adjusted auto build assumption in the low single digits plus our typical penetration gains of 2% to 3%. Turning to Slide 5. Food Equipment delivered another very strong quarter with organic growth of 17%. North America grew 25% with double-digit growth in all major categories and end markets. Institutional was up more than 40% with strength across the board, restaurants were up 30% and retail grew 20%. International revenue grew 7%, with Europe up 9% and Asia Pacific was flat with some near-term softness in China.  The Food Equipment team also delivered excellent progress on margins, with Q4 operating margin of 27.6%, an increase of almost 500 basis points year-over-year. So obviously, strong momentum in this segment, and we expect Food Equipment to grow 8% to 10% in 2023. Test & Measurement and Electronics revenue grew 15%, with organic growth of 10%. Test & Measurement grew 12% organic, excluding the acquisition of MTS, with continued strong demand for capital equipment as evidenced by Instron, which grew 24%. Electronics was up 7%.  While our semi-related businesses, which represent combined annual revenues of about $550 million or approximately 20% of the segment, grew 17% in the quarter. We are beginning to see a slowdown in demand after three years of very strong growth. So, embedded in our 2023 organic growth projection of 2% to 4% for this segment is anticipated further slowing in semi-related end markets. Moving on to Slide 6. Welding delivered strong organic growth of 15% in Q4, with equipment up 17% and consumables up 13%. Industrial sales remained very strong with organic growth of 25%. On the commercial side, which is more consumer-oriented, demand continued to slow and organic growth was down 1%. On a geographic basis, North America grew 15%, and international grew 17%, driven by strength in the oil and gas business, up 19%. Operating margin was up 160 basis points to 31.6%, a new record for the segment and for the company. Looking forward, we expect revenue to grow 5% to 7% in 2023, which includes some anticipated further slowing on the commercial Welding side. Polymers & Fluids delivered organic growth of 11%, with the automotive aftermarket business up 13% with some seasonal strength in wiper blades. Polymers grew 11% with continued strength in industrial applications, and Fluids was up 5%. North America grew 11% and international was up 10%. Looking forward, we expect Polymers & Fluids to grow 3% to 5% in 2023, which is based on current levels of demand and anticipated further slowing in the more consumer-oriented automotive aftermarket business. Turning to Slide 7. Overall demand in Construction slowed to an organic growth rate of plus 4%. North America was still up 9%, with residential up 11% and commercial construction was down 6% due to a tough comparison of plus 21% last year. Europe was up 3% and Australia and New Zealand was down 4%. As you know, Construction is our most interest rate sensitive segment, and we are projecting further slowing in 2023 and a negative organic growth rate of minus 5% to minus 3%. Specialty organic growth was 3% as supply chain shortages eased up in Q4, and the equipment businesses had a strong finish to the year with organic growth of 8%. Consumables were up 2%. And on a geographic basis, North America grew 1% and international grew 7%. Looking forward, we expect Specialty organic revenue of negative 1% to plus 1% in 2023, which is based on current levels of demand and anticipated further slowing in the appliance components business. So, let's turn to Slide 8 for a recap of a very strong 2022. As throughout the year, our teams around the world did an exceptional job of delivering for our customers, while responding quickly and decisively to rapidly rising input costs, navigating supply chain disruptions and aggressively executing our Win the Recovery strategy.  As a result, for the full year, ITW grew organic revenue by 12% with double-digit growth in five of seven segments. And despite significant price/cost margin pressures and thanks in part to 90 basis points contribution from our enterprise initiatives, our base businesses expanded operating margin by 30 basis points to 24.4%. GAAP EPS of $9.77 was a record for ITW with EPS growth of 15% on top of 28% EPS growth in 2021. Excluding divestiture gains and negative currency translation impact, EPS grew 12% in 2022 on an apples-to-apples basis. In 2022, we also invested more than $700 million to accelerate organic growth and to sustain productivity in our highly profitable core businesses. Raised our dividend 7%, marking the 59th year of consecutive increases. Returned $3.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and made solid progress on the integration of a very high-quality acquisition in the MTS Test and Simulation business. And most importantly, we delivered these results while continuing to make meaningful progress on our path to ITW's full potential through the execution of our long-term enterprise strategy. So, let's move to Slide 9 for an update on our full year 2023 guidance. And while we certainly see some positives in terms of supply chain easing and moderating input cost inflation, there's also no doubt that the economic outlook and demand picture is becoming increasingly uncertain. On our last Q3 earnings call, we pointed to pockets of slowing demand at approximately 20% of our business portfolio. And today, we would add semiconductor-related end markets to the mix bringing the total to about 25% of ITW's portfolio.  In our view, it therefore made sense to take a more cautious approach to our top line guidance this year by basing it not just on current levels of demand, adjusted for seasonality as we typically do, but rather anticipating further slowing in end markets related to construction, commercial welding, auto aftermarket, appliances and semiconductor. As a result, our organic growth rate projection for 2023 of 3% to 5% is lower than our typical run rate approach. Operating margin is expected to improve by 100 basis points or more to a range of 24.5% to 25.5%. This includes approximately 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives and positive price/cost margin impact based on all known and implemented price and cost actions. After tax return on invested capital should improve to 30% plus, and we expect strong free cash flow with conversion greater than net income. For 2023, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $9.40 to $9.80, which also includes $0.15 to $0.20 of higher interest expense on our short-term debt and $0.25 of increased income tax expense as our tax rate will revert to our normal, approximately 24% versus 22% in 2022, excluding the tax impacts from our divestitures. In terms of cadence for the year, we're now back to our typical first half, second half EPS split of 49% and 51%.  Our capital allocation plans for 2023 are consistent with our long-standing disciplined capital allocation framework. Our top priority remains internal investments to support our organic growth initiatives and sustain our highly profitable core businesses. The second priority is an attractive dividend that grows in line with earnings over time, which remains a critical component of ITW's total shareholder return model. Third, selective high-quality acquisitions, such as MTS, that enhance ITW's long-term profitable growth potential and have significant margin improvement potential from the implication of our proprietary 80/20 front-to-back methodology and can generate acceptable risk-adjusted returns on our shareholders' capital. And finally, surplus capital will be allocated to an active share repurchase program, and we expect to buy back approximately $1.5 billion of our own shares in 2023.  Turning to our last slide, Slide 10, for our 2023 organic growth projections by segment. And you can see that we're expecting solid to mid -- solid mid- to high single-digit organic growth in four of our seven segments, offsetting some lower growth rates in Test & Measurement and Electronics, which is due to semiconductor demand, as well as in Construction and Specialty resulting in an overall organic growth rate at the enterprise level of 3% to 5%, which is on top of 12% organic growth in each of the last two years. Overall, we're heading into 2023 with strong momentum, and we're very well positioned to continue to outperform in whatever economic conditions emerge as we move through 2023.  And so, with that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Michael. Cheryl, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter. I guess, my first question, you talked about the 25% of your portfolio where you're starting to see weakness. Can you talk -- I know semis be incremental. Can you just give a little more color on what you're seeing in semi? And then on the 75% rest of your portfolio are trends in line with your expectations, a little more positive or negative versus last quarter? And then I guess, just my follow-up question to that price/cost in the quarter, I think it was 70 bps positive. I think that's a little better than what you expected. Was that driven more by price or raw going down? And then what are your assumptions on the ability to hold price in 2023? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Okay. That was a lot there, Jamie. I'll do my best, okay? So, I think the color on semi is really the -- we're coming off a three year very strong growth cycle with growth in the high teens or better than that over those three years. And we are starting to see a slowdown in the order intake really in Q4.  So, it hasn't really showed up in our numbers in a meaningful way yet, but we do expect that to continue into 2023. We think it's more of a near-term slowdown. And like you said, that is the addition to the portfolio we've said before, 20% is slowing. Demand is slowing now. It's 25%, and semi is really the incremental 5% this quarter. But it's important to keep in mind that the balance, the other 75% of the portfolio, continues to perform at a really high level. And I'll just point to the 12% organic we put up in Q4 and for the full year. And then if you look at our guidance on Slide 10, by segment, you can see mid- to high single-digit growth in Automotive OEM, Food Equipment, Welding, mid-single digit in Polymers & Fluids and then a little bit lower in Test & Measurement. And then of course, Construction is the one that's a little bit projected to be down year-over-year and Specialty about flat. I'll also say, if you just look at from Q3 to Q4, we -- typically, our sales per day go up 2%, we actually went up 4%. So, we're more than offsetting some of the slowing that we're seeing in 25% of the portfolio. So good momentum, really well positioned going into next year. I think on the price/cost side, we were really encouraged. We talked about this on the last call and an expectation of being positive -- slightly positive on margins on price/cost in Q4. This was a little bit better, driven by both sides of the equation really price and cost, but it was certainly great to see that turn positive for the first time since I think I said the third quarter 2020. So, first time in eight quarters, so really encouraging heading into 2023.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning. Congrats on another strong year in '22.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Scott Davis: A little bit of a nit, but on the 3% to 5%, 23 top line for growth forecast. Is there any real price in that? Or you anniversary the big price increases that you had in Welding and now you're kind of more in the kind of neutral-ish to maybe slightly positive versus a bigger number?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we are certainly lapping some bigger price numbers. There's no doubt about that. And I think, as you know, we don't break out price and volume separately for all the reasons we've talked about in the past. But there's both price and volume in the numbers that we've laid out for 2023. And the 3% to 5% organic, I'll just say it's a risk-adjusted number. If you do a pure run rate, you end up at a higher number. We just thought given the -- everything we talked about, it was probably reasonable to take a more cautious approach given the environment.
Scott Davis: Yes. No, it totally makes sense. What about the inflation assumptions in general when you guys think about the '23 outlook as far as kind of breaking out materials versus labor? And is it fair to assume that labor inflation remains reasonably high, but material inflation is more moderated? Is that a fair assumption in your guide?
Michael Larsen : Yes. I think that's reasonable. I think certainly materials and components in that order, we are seeing -- I wouldn't say price are coming -- costs are coming down in a significant way, and they're remaining at a fairly elevated level. And then I think on -- our labor costs, certainly we're experiencing the same labor cost inflation as others. But -- and so maybe a little bit higher than typical, but nothing really that significant. We're still expanding margins by 100 basis points or better here in 2023. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Scott Davis : Yes, it does. Thank you. And best of luck this year. 
Michael Larsen : Sure. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria : Good morning. Congrats on the great results. So I have a couple of quick ones. The first one is how should we think about your EBIT margin progression throughout the year? Is the 25.5% to -- 24.5% to 25.5% range going to be fairly consistent in all the quarters?
Michael Larsen : So Tami, like I said, we're kind of back to our typical cadence here. I think we said first half, 49% of our EPS for the full year; second half, 51%. We really -- if you go back unlike time, we've been remarkably consistent. Embedded in that is also the fact that Q1 is typically our lowest quarter in terms of revenue, and we're expecting somewhere in the mid-single-digit type growth. Margins will probably start out a little bit lower, but still 100 basis points of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. And maybe just to give an additional data point, if you run the same data on Q1 contribution to EPS overall, it's somewhere around 23% of the full year, and that's a pretty -- the company has become remarkably predictable over the years. And so I think that's probably a pretty good estimate for how the first quarter might play out.
Tami Zakaria : Got it. That's fantastic color. Thank you. And I'm just going to ask the question and I hope I get lucky and get a number. But can you share what organic growth is trending quarter-to-date? Any segments trending negative right now?
Michael Larsen : So we just saw the January numbers and everything looks fine. Everything is tracking and really nothing different from what we talked about in the script here. So we're off to the start that we thought we would have.
Tami Zakaria: Okay, awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz : Good morning, everyone. Michael, when we think about margin expectations for '23 across your segments, does the lag in price versus cost flipped the most in Auto OEMs, so you could see a nice jump in margin in that segment? Or should we generally think that your segment margin will trend with who has the highest growth forecast versus the weakest growth forecast in '23?
Michael Larsen : I think, Andy, we expect -- all of our planning here at ITW has done bottoms up, as I think you know. And every one of our segments, including the higher-margin ones, such as Welding as well as Automotive, which is really dealing with some near-term pressures primarily related to price cost as well as just volume leverage. Every one of our 7 segments told us that they expect to improve margins year-over-year in 2023. But obviously, the ones that have the higher growth rates are going to have more volume leverage and therefore, probably a more significant improvement in operating margin. But everybody will get better. I would just say on Automotive, it's going to take some time to recover the price/cost margin impact, which has been significantly higher in Automotive than in other segments for all the reasons we've talked about in the past. It takes a little bit longer to recover price.  So I think our current view is it will take us maybe two to three years to get back to automotive margins in the low to mid-20s. And so that's maybe how I would -- we would characterize it.
Andy Kaplowitz : Very helpful, Michael. And then can you give us an update on the longevity of enterprise initiatives? ITW continues to I think we might begin to get a little spoiled here that it could last indefinitely. So how are you thinking about enterprise strategy? Do you still see a long runway of initiatives across your segments? And where will the focus of enterprise strategy be across your segments in '23? 
Michael Larsen : Well...
Scott Santi : Yes, go ahead, you start.
Michael Larsen : Okay. Well, I think we're in the tenth year now. I think if you add up the combined savings, it's approaching $1.5 billion of structural cost out from 80/20 and from strategic sourcing. And when we rolled up the plans here in November and check back in, in January and had a chance to review all the projects and activities that go into delivering these 100 basis points, we were really encouraged by what we saw. And so I know that for a couple of years, we've been saying -- I've been saying this is not going to go on forever, and I...
Scott Santi : We were wrong.
Michael Larsen : And I was wrong, which happens a lot. But I think, ultimately, look, I think if you model ITW long term, I'd go back to the TSR model we've given you, which is 4% plus organic growth, incremental margins in that 35% to 40% range. Then operating income grew $7 million. You add acquisitions and buybacks on top of that. And so EPS grows 9% to 10%, and you add an attractive dividend in that 2% to 3% range. 2% to 3% range on top of it, you get 11% to 13% over the long term, that's what you should expect us to deliver. And so I think I have to say, to give you a definite and on enterprise initiatives because, as Scott reminded me, I've been wrong for many years. But that's probably how I would think about it, Andy.
Scott Santi : I would just add in terms of perspective that I think one of the real strengths of our operating methodology and our business model is it's there's no one definition of perfection. There is always room to get better. We use the business model as the core tool that our 84 divisions used to identify and prioritize opportunities to get better. And I don't see that stopping for quite a while.
Michael Larsen : Right. I think we've said this before. I mean, this proprietary ITW business model is more powerful than it's ever been as we sit here today. It's much different from 10 years ago, 3 years ago. And we are applying it. Our people, we've all gotten better at applying these methodologies, and we're applying it to a much more differentiated portfolio. And so as long as we continue down that path, I think it is -- I agree with Scott. I don't think it's going to end any time soon. So that's probably how we've set it up.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color, guys. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : You have Sabrina Abrams [ph] on for Andrew Obin. So first on the margin guide, the 70 bps to 170 bps of year-over-year expansion includes the 100 bps of enterprise initiatives. And then, I guess, the remainder is 20 bps of price/cost at the midpoint. I'm just trying to think, is this a conservative approach? Should you had 70 bps of benefit in 4Q? Is there potential upside here?
Michael Larsen : Well, I think maybe what would be helpful, Sabrina, is just -- let me just give you some of the elements here that go into the margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. And I'm going to use round numbers here, okay? So if we just ended 2022 at operating margins of about 24%, you should expect volume leverage somewhere in the 50 to 100 basis points of positive contribution to margins year-over-year, the enterprise initiatives, which is sized at about 100. We're certainly going to make some good progress on price/cost as 70 basis points was encouraging in Q4. I think the -- if that's the run rate going into 2023, maybe a little bit better than that. Let's just say price/cost adds approximately 100 basis points based on what we know today. And then the offset to some of this is our typical kind of -- we talked about this a little bit, wages and inflation on wages. We are bringing in some new hires to support our organic growth efforts. We are investing in driving organic growth, including capacity. And so that's typically a headwind of less than 100 basis points. That's running a little bit higher, just given the underlying inflation that's in the system that's probably running at 150 to 200. And so you add all that up, you get 100 basis points plus of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. And I think that's a pretty good number, Sabrina.
Unidentified Company Speaker : Got it. That's helpful. And so China, I guess, was strong in Auto OEM in 4Q. Just trying to think what's incorporated in your guide for China reopening next year? 
Michael Larsen : Well, I think, as we look at kind of on a geographic basis, including China, most of our regions are kind of in that mid-single digits for the year. And China is maybe a little bit higher than that. A big driver, as you pointed out, in China is really the Automotive business, where we continue to make a lot of progress in terms of market share and penetration gains. So that's certainly our largest business and also the biggest driver of our growth in China next year. And so if the total company is 3% to 5% organic, China is certainly a little bit higher than that in our current projections as we sit here today. So...
Unidentified Company Speaker: Great. Thank you so much. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Solid results. Just back to enterprise, I've often kind of thought of it maybe incorrectly as reflecting a little bit of a trade-off between margin and growth. And maybe originally, it was more cost oriented, but the organic growth here recently would suggest you're not trading growth for margin. And I wonder if you could just kind of comment on that. Obviously, the growth has enjoyed a cyclical lift the last couple of years. So I don't want to overstate the point, but it does seem that the system has thrown up at organic growth than it had historically? And just any context on that, I think, would be interesting.
Scott Santi : Yes. First of all, Jeff, thank you for noticing. The -- what I would say in terms of just the arc of the last decade, we've been on this is that clearly, for the first five to seven years, we had a lot more work to do inside the businesses to get ourselves in position to grow. And what we're delivering now is much more about businesses that are from an operational standpoint, a lot closer to 80% or 90% of their potential. And so a lot of -- which allows a lot of our effort and attention and just to be reallocated to commercial opportunities to grow. And that's ultimately what is showing up now. We have a lot more sort of energy collectively being devoted to growth opportunities because we've gotten the internal -- the operational position of these businesses firing in sort of in a really strong position. And so it's -- you can't be great at everything all at once. It's part of, I think, what we would reflect that over the last decade and one of the real secrets to the outcomes we've delivered in my view is that we've been focused on the right things at the right time and have not tried to do too much at any stage. But we're clearly now at a stage where organic growth is the 80 of what we've got opportunities to do and what we've got to deliver on going forward. And I think that's reflected in the numbers that we're currently throwing off.
Jeff Sprague : And would -- Michael gave that piece of the bridge, wage and growth investment. Is that number other than kind of the inflationary pressures that you mentioned? Is that structurally moving higher? Or can that sort of be funded within the normal incremental margin construct and other levers that you're attempted for?
Scott Santi : That's exactly the way we do it. We are self-funding our growth investments through our incremental margin contribution. So at the 35 historical and targeted run rate, that is -- that includes -- that's after those incremental investments in growth. We're investing in capacity now in a really significant way in headcount in the areas that help us grow and supporting innovation. And we're still going to deliver of 100 bps of margin improvement next year. So that just illustrates the point of these businesses are so profitable that every incremental dollar of revenue that we generate organically drives a lot of incremental cash flow and certainly to support that we're going to invest some of that, but it doesn't impair our belief that we're in a good chunk of it to the bottom line.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for that context. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Volkmann of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann : Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. A couple of quick follow-ups. Is there a portion of your portfolio where you would expect to give back price once the sort of lower energy and transportation and raw material costs kind of work their way through?
Michael Larsen : We have a very small portion of our overall portfolio where the pricing is indexed to raw materials. If you add it all up, it's somewhere around 5% of our total revenue, so really an immaterial number, where it's an automatic giveback on price. I think on everything else, we historically command a premium given our -- the differentiated nature of our products and services and the quality of our delivery, and we expect to maintain that premium as we compete and focus on gaining market share. So that's how I'd answer your question, Steve.
Stephen Volkmann : Great. I appreciate it. Pretty minimal then. And then just sort of maybe the obligatory question on capital deployment relative to your thinking on any sort of further divestiture opportunities or M&A pipeline, anything to kind of call out there?
Michael Larsen : Yes. So I think you saw the two divestitures here in the fourth quarter. That's part of -- I think we called out a handful of business units about a year ago. So the first two are done. We've got a smaller 1 that's kind of in the works. And then we've got a more meaningful one that is performing at a really high level right now. And I think we're going to kind of assess the capital markets and conditions and whether it's the right time to launch sometime this summer and that would kind of round out what we talked about a year ago. So that's kind of where we're at.
Stephen Volkmann : Great. And M&A pipeline, sorry.
Michael Larsen : Well, yes, I mean, we get this question every time, we answer it the same way. I mean, I think organic growth is priority number one for all the reasons that Scott just talked about. I think -- we'd certainly be interested in high-quality acquisitions that accelerate the long-term growth potential of the company, where we can improve margins through the implementation of the business model and we can earn a reasonable rate of return on our shareholders' capital. And so MTS is a good example of an acquisition that checks all the boxes. That was a pretty big one that we did a year ago. And to the extent that other opportunities like that present themselves that check the boxes, we're definitely going to lean in, in a big way. So that's -- but...
Scott Santi : Yes, maybe just a little color on top of that, that's more sort of topical near term. What I would say generally is that we are not looking to acquire broken businesses, we're looking to acquire good businesses and help them be great businesses. And in environments where the sort of economic -- the macro is uncertain, those good businesses, it's really not a good time to sell. So if anything, I'd say the environment until the macro trajectory gets a little bit more clear, I would expect that the opportunities might be a little less than normal this year, at least through the first half, but we'll see.
Stephen Volkmann: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Donner of BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Donner : Excellent. Thank you. So the Food Equipment business, as you have highlighted, has definitely been a standout for you. And after attending the NAFEM Equipment Show yesterday, there's a noticeable difference in how the business seems to be presenting itself more cohesively than before. So will you comment on this aspect and also on some of the things that you're doing there with regard to consolidating sales reps and allocating more investments toward maybe the cooking side, specifically products like combi ovens and priors, which are certainly areas that have well-known large competitors?
Michael Larsen : Well, I'll take a stab. I think we're not really doing anything different than we have over the last five years in the Food Equipment business. We've continued to invest in differentiated products, including the categories that you mentioned. And we've been putting up -- the team has been putting up some really great numbers as a result of executing on their strategy. And so if you add up the organic growth rate here, over 17% coming out of the pandemic 23% last year, this year, high single digit, double digit, and that's really as a result of us innovating and growing all product categories.
Scott Santi : And I add to that near term, our supply capabilities winning these businesses.
Michael Larsen : Yes, definitely, I think this has been an area where kind of back to our win the Recovery positioning and the decision to carry enough inventory to service our customers with the same level of excellence in difficult supply chain on the different supply chain conditions has paid off in a big way. And so I think if you get the sense that the Food Equipment team is in a good mood. I think that's because they're gaining share and putting up some really strong numbers, including on the margin side, if you look at that almost 400 -- almost 500 basis points of improvement on a year-over-year basis. So that business, like we said, has got a ton of momentum going into 2023, and we're very bullish on the future here.
Dan Donner : Okay. Thank you. Yes, they were definitely in a good mood.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start the Slide 4, where you show the 300 bps of outgrowth versus the proxy group over the last couple of years. Can you talk to attribution of that? And I think, obviously, a pricing environment where you've seen different trends across different companies, I'm not sure the degree to which maybe pricing is outpacing. But the degree to which it's volume is primarily share gain and just your confidence in the stickiness of those share gains as supply chain corrects?
Scott Santi : Yes. I guess I'll -- my response would be that there's no way that we can break this apart into various pieces. What I can say is that the proof is in the pudding. Ultimately, it's in the performance and our ability to consistently outperform. We're not claiming victory here. We're not -- we've got a lot of room to go across the company in terms of our ability to consistently deliver the kind of organic growth that we're capable of. But what we are saying is that we put a couple of years on the board, where we are growing our peers in the aggregate. Now what percent of that is our market exposures versus theirs or different approaches to pricing or supply capability? I'd say all of the above. In the end, it doesn't matter as long as we're able to consistently outgrow our peers and outgrow our markets and that's really the goal.
Joe O'Dea : And I guess related to that, as you're seeing maybe supply chain ease, and I don't know if competitors are in the market in a little bit more competitive way. But any challenges now that you didn't see maybe 6 or 12 months ago?
Michael Larsen : Yes, I think, Joe, from the beginning, the Win the Recovery positioning was all about strategic share gains focused primarily on our existing customers. And we were not interested in opportunistic onetime orders. And so we're pretty confident with that direction. These share gains are going to stick. I think the pandemic and the supply chain kind of disruptions were a great opportunity for ITW to demonstrate how differentiated our supply chain capabilities are for those customers that didn't know. And so I think that's been really -- that's what's contributing also to the outgrowth relative to peers. I mean that's one more element of the equation as you talked about with Scott.
Joe O'Dea : And then I just wanted to clarify on the average daily sales plus 2% versus seasonal -- or plus 4% versus seasonal plus 2, the degree to which that's underlying demand accelerating versus maybe backlog burn. I think it's hard to parse given broadly inflated backlogs out there what underlying demand trends look like. But any comments on what you're seeing sort of underlying accelerate versus decel?
Michael Larsen : Well, I think we're not a backlog-driven company. As you know, we don't carry a lot of backlog. And as you also say, it's hard to parse out what was backlog versus new orders. So I'm not sure I can give you a great answer. What I can tell you is that, typically, our sales per day go up by 2%. If you go back and look in time, and they went up by 4%. And so things are definitely not slowing. And we've got some great momentum going into Q1 and 2023.
Joe O'Dea: Great. I appreciate the color. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell : Good morning and thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe I just wanted to circle back to the organic sales growth guide and totally understand you don't take an elaborate macro gyration within that, and that's a very sensible approach. But you've got the 4% growth guide for the year as a whole organically at the midpoint. You just did low double digit the most recent quarter. So just want to understand how we think about that sort of step down. Is it a steady deceleration as we go through the year? Anything in particular we should bear in mind on one or two-year stacks? Any color at all really that you could give on and how we think about the plus four moving through 2023?
Michael Larsen : It's all in the comparisons year-over-year, Julian. So like I said, we expect the year to play out from a revenue standpoint, in line with our typical cadence. And so Q1 starts out a little bit lower and then we kind of improve from there. But there's nothing baked in, in terms of a big acceleration in the back half or deceleration in the back half. We've kind of done our best here to model current levels of demand risk adjusted for the areas where we're seeing some slowing in demand and we come up with 3% to 5%. I think if you run the math, you'll see kind of the first half is the growth rates are maybe towards the higher end of that 3% to 5% and the second half is towards the lower end, and that's all driven by the comps on a year-over-year basis.
Julian Mitchell : That's very clear. Thank you. And then within Construction products, I don't think we built with that one yet. Apologies if you have to repeat anything. But that's sort of down for guide for the year. There's a bit of price in there, some maybe volumes are down high single digit or something. But maybe just help us understand what's embedded within that? I think simplistically, you have 1/3 is resi new build, 1/3 is resi replacement, 1/3 is commercial. Those three big pieces, how are you sort of thinking about those this year? 
Michael Larsen : I mean the big driver, Julian, is the housing market, new housing. And so the residential side is about 80% of our business here in North America, and that's where we're seeing some slowing, which we've talked about since the summer, I think. So there's nothing new here. And that's the big driver here.
Scott Santi : The commercial side is hanging in there. As I said, it was also our strongest business in the summer after the pandemic.
Michael Larsen : Right. I mean...
Scott Santi : Part of the advantage of the different end market exposures that we have. And we can -- we're always going to have some in the tailwind mode and some in the headwind mode, but the net mix of it all is pretty positive. So...
Michael Larsen : Yes. It's going to be down a little this year, but it's also been a business that's really performed well for us when other parts of the macro have been challenged. So...
Julian Mitchell: That makes sense. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ITW Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to ITW’s third quarter 2022 conference call. I am joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we will discuss ITW’s third quarter financial results and our updated guidance for full year 2022. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company’s 2021 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3 and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen and good morning, everyone. In what remains a very dynamic and challenging operating environment, we were pleased with our Q3 performance. On the top line, we delivered 13% revenue growth with 16% organic growth from our base businesses. While we did see some softening in channel inventory reduction actions in our businesses serving the construction, auto aftermarket, commercial welding and appliance markets, five of our seven segments delivered double-digit organic growth, led by automotive OEM, up 25% and food equipment, up 23%. With regard to margins, we were glad to see our incremental margins in Q3 return to our normal 30% plus level for the first time in five quarters as the impact of volume growth, enterprise initiatives, pricing actions and some moderation in the pace of input cost inflation drove incremental margin of 39% and a 130 basis point improvement in operating margin in our base businesses. We have lost roughly 250 basis points of margin due to price/cost during this period of rapid inflation, which we fully expect to recover over time once the current inflationary environment stabilizes and it was certainly good to see a nice solid first step in that direction in Q3. On the bottom line, strong growth and margin performance resulted in GAAP EPS of $2.35, up 16% versus Q3 of last year and that 16% growth includes $0.13 of negative impact from currency. Excluding currency, earnings per share were up 23%. Looking at our current performance, our decision to stay invested in our long-term strategy and in our people during the pandemic and the quality of our team’s execution of our recovery strategy coming out of it are fueling the strong organic growth and financial performance that we are currently delivering. While the economic outlook is becoming increasingly uncertain, demand remains solid across the majority of our business portfolio. And as a result, the company is well positioned to deliver a strong finish to what has been a very strong year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Michael who will provide more detail on the quarter and our updated guidance. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. In Q3, revenue grew 13% to $4 billion, with strong organic growth of 16%. The MTS acquisition contributed 3% to revenue. Foreign currency translation was a 6% headwind compared to a 4% headwind last quarter. And despite $0.13 of year-over-year EPS headwind from foreign currency translation, GAAP EPS was $2.35, an increase of 16%. Excluding MTS, incremental margin in our base business was 39%, which as Scott said, was a welcome return to our normal historical incremental margin rates. As a result of our strong revenue and margin performance, operating income increased 16% to $983 million, which was an all-time quarterly record. Operating margin was 24.5%, with operating leverage of almost 300 basis points and 110 basis points of enterprise initiatives. Excluding 60 basis points of margin impact from the MTS acquisition, operating margin expanded 130 basis points to 25.1%. Free cash flow was solid at $612 million, an increase of 46% versus Q2 and 12% year-over-year. The conversion rate of 84% is lower than our typical Q3 performance as we remain committed in the near term to intentional working capital investments to support double-digit organic growth, mitigate supply chain risk and sustain service levels to our key customers. Finally, share repurchases in Q3 were $500 million and our effective tax rate was 24% versus 21% in the prior year. With that, let’s turn to Slide 4 and starting with organic growth by geography. We delivered growth in the mid-teens across all major geographies, led by North America up 17%. Europe, which represents about 23% of our sales, grew 14%, led by automotive OEM up 26% and food equipment, up 15%. China grew 15%, led by Test & Measurement and Electronics, up 32% and automotive OEM was up 29%. Price/cost was accretive to income in Q3 and slightly dilutive by 40 basis points to margin. As we have said before, our business teams around the world have done an exceptional job of adjusting price to offset cost increases throughout the most significant inflationary cycle in over 40 years. And should the pace of raw material cost inflation continue to moderate, we expect price/cost to be accretive to income and slightly accretive to margin in Q4. As Scott mentioned, throughout this unprecedented 2-year inflationary cycle, the company has absorbed as much as 250 basis points of margin dilution impact from price/cost, which we expect to fully recover of the succeeding six to eight quarters after input prices stabilize. Moving on to the segments. Automotive OEM delivered strong organic growth of 25%, with North America up 21% and Europe up 26%. China was up 29%, which included some sequential recovery from the lockdown impact in Q2. When looking at these year-over-year growth rates, keep in mind that the comparisons are against the Q3 last year when the chip shortage led to a low point for auto production. We continue to make good progress on our content per vehicle growth as evidenced by our year-to-date organic growth rate of 9% compared to auto builds of 7%, in line with our long-term market outgrowth target of 2 to 3 percentage points. Consistent with our guidance all year, we do not expect a meaningful improvement in the chip shortage situation impacting automotive production until next year. And we continue to take a more conservative approach to our guidance, which assumes that automotive production essentially remains around current levels through the balance of this year. And as we have said before, as supply chain issues eventually get resolved down the road, we remain confident that the automotive OEM segment is well positioned to be a very meaningful contributor to the overall organic growth rate of the enterprise for an extended period of time. And as that plays out, we also expect that the automotive OEM segment returns to its typical historical operating margin rates in the low to mid-20s. Turning to Slide 5. Food Equipment delivered strong organic growth of 23% as North America grew 30% with double-digit growth in every major category and end market. Growth in institutional markets was 50% plus with strength across several categories, most notably lodging. Restaurants were up around 40% and retail growth was in the mid-teens. International revenue grew 14% with Europe up 15% and Asia Pacific up 9%. Test & Measurement and Electronics revenue grew 29%, with organic growth of 17% as Test & Measurement grew 20% and Electronics was up 14%. Growth was broad-based with continued strength in semiconductor and CapEx spending as evidenced by organic growth of 13% in the Instron business. Moving on to Slide 6, welding grew 14% organically, with equipment up 13% and consumables up 15%. Industrial was the standout with organic growth of 32%. The commercial side of the welding business, which sells to smaller businesses and individual users, was down 10% due to lower demand and inventory destocking in the channel. However, due to the strength on the industrial side, North America still grew 14% and international grew 12%. Sales to oil and gas customers were up 12% in the quarter. Operating margin improved 150 basis points to 31.5%, which was a new record for the Welding segment. Polymers & Fluids grew 8% organically, with Polymers up 21% on continued strength in industrial applications. Softening demand due to higher gas prices and the impact on consumer discretionary spend impacted the automotive aftermarket business, which was up 2%. Fluids was up 5% and overall North America grew 5%, international was up 14%. Construction delivered organic growth of 17% with continued strength in North America, which was up 35%. U.S. residential grew 42% and commercial was up 17%. That said, we did see some signs of slowing towards the end of the quarter and we expect that to continue in Q4, which we have reflected in our updated guidance. The international side of construction is slowing, with Europe down 1%. Australia and New Zealand was up 7% against an easy comparison. Specialty growth was essentially flat as product line simplification activities resulted in the elimination of a product line in one of our consumer packaging businesses. Excluding PLS, the segment would have been up 3%. Demand in our appliance components division slowed, which we have reflected in our updated guidance. On a geographic basis, North America was down 2% and international grew 4%. Looking on Slide 8 for an update on the year and starting with the top line, we are raising our full year organic growth guidance to 11% to 12% due to the strength of our Q3 organic growth performance and projecting current levels of demand, which remains strong across most of our businesses. But we are also anticipating further slowing in the end markets we talked about, including global residential construction, automotive aftermarket, commercial welding and appliance components, that combined represent about 20% of total company revenue. The MTS acquisition is expected to add 3% to revenue and at current exchange rates, currency translation will reduce revenue by 5%, resulting in total revenue for the year up 9% to 10%. For Q4, we are well positioned to deliver a strong finish to a very strong year with organic growth of approximately 10% and GAAP EPS growth of about 40%. In Q4 and consistent with our previously announced plan to divest certain business units, we completed the sale of a division within the Polymers & Fluids segment, with an estimated after-tax gain of $0.45 per share. We have included this Q4 gain in our updated full year guidance. And per our usual process, we have narrowed the range for the year with one quarter to go and updated our guidance to reflect current foreign exchange rates, which results in additional foreign currency headwind versus our prior guidance. So as a result of including the gain on sale and updating guidance with current foreign exchange rates, our updated full year GAAP EPS guidance range is $9.45 to $9.55. We are projecting operating margin of approximately 24% for the full year, which includes approximately 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives, about 200 basis points contribution from volume leverage and estimated 100 basis points of negative margin impact from price/cost and about 50 basis points of margin dilution from the acquisition of MTS. We expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 80%, which, as we have talked about, is below our typical 100% plus conversion rate due to the intentional near-term working capital investments that support the company’s double-digit revenue growth, mitigate supply chain risk and sustained customer service levels. And finally, share repurchases are now expected to be $1.75 billion for the full year, an increase of $250 million versus prior guidance. Looking forward, we are obviously not immune to the macro challenges and uncertainties that may lie ahead. But through the execution of our enterprise strategy, we have positioned this company to deliver top-tier results in any environment, as reflected in our differentiated performance at the depth of the pandemic and in the very dynamic and challenging conditions that have characterized the recovery over the last 2 years. We remain confident that the combination of the powerful competitive advantages we derive from ITW’s proprietary business model, our high-quality business portfolio and our team’s proven ability to consistently execute at a very high level ahead well prepared to continue to outperform in whatever economic conditions emerge in 2023 and beyond. With that, Karen, I will turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Rob let’s open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning, Scott and Michael and Karen.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Scott Davis: I am not very good at math, but just thinking through this with your guidance on the full year on price/cost, I think it implies that you are actually going to be in meaningful positive territory on price/cost in Q4. Is that – am I reading that right?
Michael Larsen: That is correct. So we are going – we’re expecting that if inflation stays where it is, and so based on the known increases and decreases and based on the price that we expect to realize in the fourth quarter, that price/cost will be accretive on an EPS basis and also, for the first time in a while, accretive on a margin basis as well.
Scott Davis: Okay. That’s super helpful. And how do you – I mean, it seems like we’re walking into a construction recession, but how do you guys – I mean, are you planning – how do you plan for that, given 80/20 and just the business model that you have? It’s not like you’re going to go do a bunch of restructuring. But how do you get ahead of that so that you can limit the impact of it?
Scott Santi: Well, we’ve talked about this before, but one of the fundamental elements of 80/20 is that we are – that we have a very flexible cost structure. So we are – we do a lot of outsourcing upstream. We want to assemble. We want to control the manufacturing elements that really matter from the standpoint of control of quality-controlled delivery. But we don’t necessarily have to bend all the metal. We don’t have to necessarily do all the upstream work. And so what that gets us fundamentally, in fact, we prefer not to, and what ultimately that gives us is a relatively flexible cost structure. So we are a read and react company. Our businesses are going to respond to whatever the demand is that sits right in front of them. We’ve talked about that before. We don’t do a lot of forward forecasting. We are producing today what our customers bought yesterday. And as demand rates start to decline in places like construction, then those adjustments will take place real time.
Scott Davis: Okay, that’s a helpful reminder. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it. Good luck.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. How are you?
Scott Santi: Good. Good morning.
Tami Zakaria: So I have two quick ones. The first one is, can you comment on which end markets you’re anticipating for this slowdown? Meaning the 10% implied fourth quarter organic growth, are you currently run-rating above that but you’re anticipating further slowdown and hence, you’re guiding to about 10%?
Michael Larsen: Yes, that’s correct. So this is not our typical run rate. This has been adjusted with some anticipated further slowing in the end markets that we talked about.
Tami Zakaria: Are you able to share like what the current run rate is?
Michael Larsen: It is higher than the 10%.
Tami Zakaria: Got it, got it. Okay, that’s helpful. And then the second one, can you comment on the price versus volume you saw in the third quarter? Because the last time you raised organic growth guidance earlier this year, I think you had mentioned that you saw some volume pickup. Did that sustain? Like what’s the expectation for price versus volume in the fourth quarter?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So as you know, Tami, we don’t report price and volume separately. But what I think we can tell you is that we are seeing, in Q3, we saw meaningful volume growth across the company, including particularly in – if you look at the strength in Auto, Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, you’re not going to put out numbers like that without a meaningful contribution from volume.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. And you expect volume to sort of sustain in most of these end markets in the fourth quarter as well?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think that’s the reason. Obviously, this is a very dynamic environment but there is a lot of strength in the businesses that I just talked about that more than offset some of the slowing we’re seeing at about 20% of the company. So I think we’re really well positioned for a strong finish here in Q4. And if you look at the implied guidance, we’re looking at organic growth, like we said, double digit. We’re looking at margin improvement of more than 100 basis points, GAAP EPS growth of 40%, 15% excluding the divestiture gain that we talked about earlier. So a really strong finish to what’s been a very strong year for the company.
Tami Zakaria: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Scott, maybe just focusing on construction for a second, last quarter, you mentioned some potential incremental weakness in Europe and Australia. It seems like those are hanging in there. Obviously, North American residential up 42%, you talked about a little bit of weakening. So is this just strong share gains for ITW that have held up these businesses within construction? I know you mentioned you saw some slowing late in the quarter. Maybe give us more color to the rate of that slowing going forward?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think what we’ve seen is primarily a slowdown on the residential side, which is about 80% of our business. And we talked about softening on the international side here on our call last quarter. And so we did see Europe down 1%. I think that’s pretty broad-based, UK, Continental Europe at this point, given some of the challenges, that’s probably what you would expect. Australia and New Zealand is also slowing here. And as the comps get a little more difficult, you’re going to see those growth rates start to come down. I think in North America, there is still a fair bit of, obviously, strength in the business. And then late in the quarter, we’re really starting to see the order rates starting to come down on the residential side, so…
Scott Santi: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is that it is among the most interest rate-sensitive end markets that we serve. And so you’re seeing in the housing start data and a lot of other things that the rapid pace of interest rates rising is certainly starting to bite in the housing market. It’s – I’ll just point to the fact that it remains a very strong, very profitable business for us, and it points to just the value of the diversified portfolio is we’re going to see some pressure in some places, but we’ve got plenty of other places that are more than picking up and that’s really by design. That’s how we’re trying to position the company ultimately to outperform in any environment.
Andy Kaplowitz: Totally understand. And then maybe just backing up, what you’re seeing across your industrial businesses, I mean, you talked a lot about the consumer businesses. Obviously, most of those businesses in the 20% are consumer facing. Have you seen any incremental weakness in your CapEx type businesses? Are they generally holding up?
Scott Santi: Not yet.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: So nice to see the incremental margins ex MTS come back. Just given the comments that you’re making around price/cost and turning positive, if inflation kind of holds at these levels and we’re closer to peak inflation, would you expect to continue to achieve the same type of incremental margins going forward?
Michael Larsen: I think it’s reasonable to assume that our incremental margins will be a little bit higher than our normal range, just given the recovery on price/cost that we talked about. So assuming again, Joe, that from an inflation side that things stay where they are or continue to moderate, then that would be a reasonable expectation.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, okay. Great. And then you mentioned, Michael, that 23% of your business in Europe, obviously, there is a lot of concern out there as we head into the winter on rising energy costs and potential recession in the region. I know that you guys have given already some color around trend, but just maybe anything else that you can kind of tell us about that region and then specifically from a cost perspective, how that impacts your business?
Michael Larsen: Well, I mean, I think there is certainly a reason to be a little bit more concerned about Europe, just if you look at the macro picture. I think the fact is our businesses are performing at a really high level right now. And so if you just look at Q3, I’ll just go back to a little bit of commentary on Europe specifically. We had six segments growing between 9% and 26%, and so double-digit growth in five of the seven segments and only construction was down 1%. And it’s not all Auto. If you take out Auto, Europe still grew 10%. I think obviously, we expect those growth rates to moderate here in the fourth quarter. But I think we’re really well positioned in Europe to deal with, just like the rest of the company, deal with whatever that’s ahead. And if we have a little bit more softness maybe in Europe, maybe we have a little more strength in other parts of the world, and that’s kind of how the company is set up, as Scott said. So we will read and react. We will deal with whatever is ahead of us, but we’re confident that we will continue to outperform on a relative basis.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter. I guess my first question, I know on the top line, you addressed the trends that you were seeing in construction. I was surprised a little bit on the margin in the quarter. So if you could first provide a little color around that, that would be helpful. And then I’ll...
Michael Larsen: Yes, Jamie, it’s all price/cost in construction so a little bit more headwind here than in some of the other parts of the company. And so I will also say that 25.7% operating margin in construction is not too shabby at this point. So – but still, you’re right. Relative to prior year, we’re down due to the price/cost dynamic.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then I know you didn’t want to answer in terms of as we’re thinking about the organic growth, which surprised on the upside. I know you don’t want to answer what you’re seeing in terms of price versus volume, but is there any update you can provide on which segments you’re seeing the most success in terms of gaining market share and how sustainable you think this market share is going forward? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think from the beginning in terms of the – so one, we’re confident that we are gaining market share across the portfolio and the kind of the guidance was only strategic long-term market share gains and not opportunistic kind of one-time orders from new customers. So we’ve really focused on serving our 80 customers, as we call them, our best customers better than anybody else. And because of our win the recovery positioning, we are doing that and as a result of that gaining market share. I mean, it’s hard to – we have 83 divisions so it’s hard to point to specific areas. But if you just look at our overall at the enterprise level, organic growth of 16% in the third quarter, I think relative to other industrial companies that will probably compare pretty well.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joe O’Dea: Can you talk about the raw materials and sourced components waiting within COGS? And then sort of what you anticipate in terms of the timing of seeing each of those start to sort of flow through with maybe a more favorable situation in the P&L?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So if I understand your question, so we’re currently running at about 3 months on hand. We’re typically running at 2 months on hand in terms of inventory. And as supply conditions here begin to normalize and we’re going to see a return to normal levels in that 2 months on hand. When exactly that happens is difficult to predict, but we are starting to see some signs that supply chain is improving. So I think it’s reasonable to assume that once conditions normalize, that it will take us about six to eight quarters to get back to 2 months on hand. And obviously, just like our conversion rate is below our historical typical levels at this point, they are going to be above for that period of time as we benefit from significant working capital release. When exactly that plays out is difficult to say. It’s not all going to come back in one quarter. I mean, we’ve built this up over 2 years. It’s going to take some time to get it back out again. But we’re confident we’ve added the right level of inventory, and it’s really put us in a great position to serve our customers, mitigate supply chain risk and, like we said, take market share.
Scott Santi: I think just – I think the question was more in terms of our cost of goods, what percentage of those are material costs.
Michael Larsen: Correct.
Joe O’Dea: Just kind of – yes. So all that was helpful. And I guess related to this, just with raw mats coming right, will raw mats flow through perfectly…
Scott Santi: Okay. I think…
Joe O’Dea: I think as components that you source, will you get cost down on that or do you think that’s a trickier dynamic?
Scott Santi: Well, there is a lot of factors that go into the last part of your question. I think the simple answer on your first 1 is that the percentage of material as the – material cost percentage as an overall versus the overall COGS is going to vary. But let’s just say, roughly 60%, 65%, 35% freight labor, other elements of the cost structure if that helps.
Joe O’Dea: Yes, okay. And then I wanted to ask one about the fourth quarter margin, excluding the divestiture. I’m getting something like a 50 basis point sequential decline from 3Q to 4Q. If that’s accurate, can you just help with the bridge? I assume there is a little bit of sort of sequential decremental on lower revenue, but then price/cost should be more favorable. Just any other items to kind of consider in that bridge?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think if you look at it historically, we typically – Q3 is our highest quarter and we go down in Q4. The primary driver is that there is just less shipping days in the fourth quarter. So I think this year, there are 61 shipping days in Q4. There were 64 in the third quarter and so that’s really the main driver here. On EPS, obviously, implied is slightly lower than what we just did in Q3. And the delta there is the foreign exchange piece.
Joe O’Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to clarify on the construction side of things, you mentioned the slowing in Q4 on the U.S. residential piece. But I didn’t hear any follow-up comments on the commercial piece. Is that expected to slow too?
Michael Larsen: Well, usually, residential is kind of the leading indicator. So, we just haven’t seen it yet.
Scott Santi: On the commercial?
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Steven Fisher: Okay. So, maybe that would be something more like a 2023. I guess related to that, have you done any analysis to kind of look at the various stimulus programs that have been put in place and kind of to assess how that might end up flowing through your businesses?
Michael Larsen: No, we haven’t really. If you have any great idea, send them over. But we are a short-cycle company. We read and react what’s in front of us, and trying to predict what the government is going to do, I think has not really been a winning equation for us anyway. It may work well for others but not in our case.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And just one clarification maybe on the last question about the margin in Q4. I guess are there any particular segments that you anticipate margins actually improving in the fourth quarter or any that stand out kind of one direction or the other?
Michael Larsen: I think the fourth quarter looks a lot like the third quarter, except the organic growth rates are coming down. And so from a margin standpoint, it’s pretty close to the third quarter.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hey. Good morning guys. Sorry, maybe beating a bit of a dead horse here. But I just wanted to make sure I get this right because it feels like there is a lot of declining prices in various inputs from commodities to transportation, even energy. Are you seeing any of your input costs actually declining yet?
Michael Larsen: Yes, we are. I mean we saw a meaningful decline here in Q3 from Q2, and we expect to see the same thing in Q4.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then just curious, can you update us on where you are with the various divestitures? Is there – should we be expecting more here? Are you kind of ramping that back up or is it just kind of whenever it happens?
Michael Larsen: I think there is maybe one more potentially here in the near-term. And then we will have to assess the remainder and whether now is a good time to move forward with those. But I think our views haven’t changed in terms of the portfolio and the raw material that we need in order to continue to deliver the type of results that we are delivering. And so we have about a handful of businesses that we had flagged for potential divestiture. We just completed one. Maybe one more to go and then the balance, we will kind of reassess in the New Year.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much and good morning. Maybe one element I just wanted to dial into again was around sort of inventories and the cash flow outlook. So, the conversion only around, I think 80% now this year, which is obviously somewhere below your very high standards. I think Michael, you were quite guarded as to the pace of when that cash flow conversion comes back up. So, maybe help us understand how you see inventories at the customer level, the pace of your own inventory liquidation and how you are thinking about capital spending within the cash flow.
Scott Santi: Yes. I will maybe start on the first part with regard to inventory, and that is that we haven’t seen enough stability yet on the supply chain side to make us comfortable that we can start backing off. So, our first priority is to preserve our ability to serve our customers. And so at this point, we are still in the mode of keeping the inventories where they are. As we start to see things become more, let’s call it, reliable and consistent there, then we will certainly start making a move. But as of right now, we have – we are not in the mood of – in the mode of starting to reduce inventories.
Michael Larsen: Yes, obviously. So, it’s not a matter of whether or not we are going to benefit from working capital coming back down to normal levels. That we are sure of, we just don’t know when. And in the near-term, we are absolutely committed to what Scott talked about, which is intentional working capital, including inventory to support double-digit growth and significant market share gains. So, we will update you if and when that changes. And then we will let you know what we think exactly the – how it might play out from a free cash flow standpoint.
Scott Santi: And there is a question on CapEx.
Michael Larsen: Well, CapEx, I mean I think we have always funded every good project inside of the company, including during the pandemic, and I think that’s going to continue. We are really fortunate that we are not a capital-intensive business, not – we are a pretty asset-light business model, as Scott described earlier. And so at maybe less than 2% of sales, CapEx doesn’t suck up a significant amount of our total cash flow. So, we are very comfortable with continuing to invest in the business as we have done for many years, including throughout the pandemic.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then just my follow-up would be on the demand outlook in Test & Measurement and Electronics. Very good growth there in Q3. There is obviously a lot of noise at different customers on electronics in particular within that division, but you are still putting up mid-teens organic growth. So, maybe sort of help us understand some of the exposures in that piece. And do you think strong growth is sustainable, again, given what’s going on in terms of a lot of customers in consumer electronics, semi equipment – semiconductor devices, how you are managing to grow at this rate?
Michael Larsen: Well, yes. So, we think that the growth is sustainable. We have not seen anything to suggest that it’s slowing down. We are obviously a big beneficiary from all the growth on the semi side of things. But also on the CapEx side with our Instron business, which I think you are familiar with, we are seeing double-digit growth. On the – everybody’s electronics business, I think is a little bit different. I think when I just look at the businesses in there, including electronic assembly, contamination control, the pressure-sensitive adhesives, we are still showing really solid double-digit growth. North America up 18%, international up 16%. So, there is still some supply chain issues, but I think the team is doing a great job staying on top of those and gaining share. And so we feel very good about the outlook for the Test & Measurement and Electronics business.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes. Thank you. Good morning everyone. Michael, just wanted to go back to make sure I have this correct. The implied fourth quarter guidance, you said it was going to be down sequentially relative to Q3. Can you be a little more specific as to what the midpoint implies? And then I am kind of curious, as we are thinking about the year-over-year bridge relative to ‘21, I mean last year in the fourth quarter, we had a 200 basis point hit from price/cost. This year, it seems like we are going to be soundly positive. So, I am sort of curious how we bridge that, and then think about the incremental volume and also whatever is going on in terms of your internal initiatives that are flowing through.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I don’t know, Mig, that I can tell you something I didn’t say already. I think if you take our full year guidance and the fourth quarter kind of implied, as we said, organic growth of about 10%, solid incrementals in our normal range, maybe a little bit higher than that. Operating margins improved more than 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We would expect another 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. Price/cost goes from negative to slightly positive from a margin standpoint and also positive accretive to income, as I have said. So, those are kind of the high-level view on the fourth quarter. And again, we are not – we have adjusted our run rates on the top line, which is a little bit different than in prior years. We are just wanting to be a little conservative, hopefully, and account for some of the softness we are seeing in about 20% of the company, but also incorporate a lot of strength in the businesses that we talked about, including Auto, Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, Welding. And so that’s maybe – those are kind of the key elements of the fourth quarter.
Mig Dobre: No, I appreciate that. I ask because I am also not very good at math. And as I am kind of looking at your guidance here, to me, it looks like you have raised your revenue by, call it, $300 million. You have reduced your operating income margin by 50 bps. Net-net, that’s more or less neutral to operating income, yet EPS came down $0.15 on a core basis. So, I am trying to understand if there is something below the line that’s going on here that we don’t have full appreciation for.
Michael Larsen: I think I said this earlier, Mig. The reason why we are taking the EPS number down is incremental foreign currency headwind by incorporating current foreign exchange rates like we always do. So, that’s what’s accounting for the EPS adjustment.
Mig Dobre: Alright. Well, I will leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. You mentioned earlier your capital spending businesses are not yet seeing a slowdown. I assume we are getting close enough to where you have had some conversations with those customers about their ‘23 planning. Are you getting capital budgets for ‘23 that are also very supportive of solid growth, or is that very much a 90-day type comment, even though you would think capital-intensive businesses must give you better visibility than a quarter at a time?
Scott Santi: Yes. Go ahead. I was just going to say, David, we don’t – it’s a little early in the planning cycle for us in terms of ‘23, number one. Number two, I would say, given our sort of traditional delivery and lead times, which are relatively short, we don’t get a lot of forward visibility even in our CapEx businesses. So, regardless of what anybody has to say in terms of their outlook for the year, that’s going to certainly be a number that’s going to move around. In our sort of core operating MO is that we are going to produce what – based on what orders we are getting today, we are not going to sort of bite on our forecast on how optimistic or pessimistic, and we have the flexibility in our systems to do that. So, I don’t have a lot of forward, we don’t – coming back to our businesses and our customers, we don’t have a lot of input in terms of strong points of view one way or the other at this point.
David Raso: I appreciate that. And I have a quick follow-up on the M&A environment, the divestiture, obviously, a nice gain there. Can you just give us an update on how you are looking at further divestitures and M&A versus obviously bumped up the share repo?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, I think I said there, we have one more potential divestiture that we are working through. And then we have three that are kind of in the pipeline that we are going to spend a little bit more time on next year and determine whether now is the best time to sell those businesses. They are all performing at a high level, significantly better than obviously pre-enterprise strategy. And so it’s just a matter of timing on those divestitures. On the other side of this, we talked about the M&A pipeline on most of these calls. I mean nothing has really changed. I mean I think to the extent we find acquisitions that are a good fit for us strategically, which really means that they can grow at 4% to 5% organically over a sustained period of time, we have significant margin improvement through the implementation of the business model. And we can – and their valuation is reasonable in the sense that we can generate a rate of return that makes sense for the company, then just like we did with MTS, when those opportunities come along, we are definitely going to lean in. And I think we have called our posture kind of aggressively opportunistic. So, when those come along, we don’t have a lot of those, but when we do see them, we are definitely going to lean in hard just like we did with MTS. And there is nothing in the pipeline here in the near-term is what I can offer.
David Raso: That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Scott Santi: Alright. Thanks, David.
End of Q&A:
Operator: And thank you for participating in today’s conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is David, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the ITW Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher : Thank you, David. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's second quarter financial results and update our guidance for full year 2022. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2021 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi : Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. The ITW team delivered another quarter of strong operational execution and financial performance with organic growth of 10.4%, operating margin of 23.1%, after-tax return on invested capital of 27.8% and GAAP EPS of $2.37. In the second quarter, we saw continued strong demand across our portfolio, supported by our 80/20 front-to-back driven operational capabilities. Our teams continue to do an exceptional job of delivering for our customers and aggressively executing our Win the Recovery strategy to accelerate profitable market penetration and organic growth. As a result of our advantaged operational execution and delivery performance, we are being rewarded with meaningful additional share by our customers as evidenced by our 10.5% organic growth in the first half of this year. While input cost inflation and supply chain issues remain challenging, we did see some stabilization on both fronts in Q2. In fact, for the first time in 2 years, price/cost margin dilution headwind improved sequentially from negative 250 basis points in Q1 to negative 160 basis points in Q2 as our businesses continue to do an excellent job of adjusting price to offset input cost inflation, and the pace and magnitude of input cost increases moderated somewhat. Importantly, our teams delivered these strong operational and financial results while continuing to drive meaningful progress on the execution of our long-term enterprise strategy. And they delivered another 90 basis points of margin improvement from enterprise initiatives in the quarter. Based on our first half results and projecting current demand and supply rates through the balance of the year, we are maintaining our guidance for full year 2022, with organic growth of 8.5% at the midpoint, margins in the range of 24% to 25% and GAAP EPS of $9.20 at the midpoint, which would be an all-time record for the company. Excluding onetime tax items in both years, this represents EPS growth of 12%. While the near-term environment remains challenging and the global macro is certainly uncertain, ITW remains strongly positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance for our shareholders, differentiated service to our customers and continued progress on our path to ITW's full potential performance through the back half of the year and beyond. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Michael, who will provide more detail on the quarter and our full year outlook. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. In Q2, quarterly revenue grew 9% and exceeded $4 billion for the first time since 2012, with strong organic growth of 10.4%. The MTS acquisition contributed 3% to revenue. Foreign currency translation was a 4% headwind. Despite $0.10 of year-over-year EPS headwind from foreign currency translation and $0.05 of higher restructuring expense, GAAP EPS was $2.37, the second highest quarterly EPS ever. By geography, North America grew 14% and international grew 6%, with 6% growth in Europe and 3% growth in Asia Pacific. China organic revenue was down 4%, and we estimate that the China lockdowns reduced our organic growth rate by about 1 percentage point at the enterprise level, which we fully expect to recover in the second half. Operating margin was 23.1% with operating leverage of 200 basis points and 90 basis points of enterprise initiatives. Margin headwinds included 50 basis points each from the MTS acquisition and higher restructuring expense related to 80/20 front-to-back projects. And the margin dilution impact from price cost was 160 basis points. Free cash flow was $420 million, an increase of 69% versus Q1. So we remain committed to intentional working capital investments to support growth, mitigate supply chain risk and sustain service levels for our key customers. The routine resolution of a U.S. tax audit resulted in a onetime tax benefit of $0.16. And as you may recall, in Q2 last year had a $0.35 onetime tax benefit. As a result, our Q2 tax rate this year was 18.3% as compared to 10.1% last year. Excluding these onetime tax benefits, the effective tax rate was 23.9% this year and 23% last year. Please turn to Slide 4 with a look at price/cost and the beginning of the improvement trend on margin dilution that Scott mentioned. Thanks to our business's decisive price actions throughout this inflationary cycle, we have stayed ahead of inflation on a dollar-per-dollar basis. And the seemingly endless barrage of cost increases over the last 12 months appear to have leveled off such that we are beginning to recover the margin dilution impact. Based on all known costs and price increases, this positive trend is projected to continue such that the margin impact is expected to be neutral in the second half. Throughout this 2-year inflationary cycle, while we have more than covered cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis, we have absorbed as much as 250 basis points of margin dilution impact. As raw material cost inflation begins to moderate on a year-over-year basis, we are confident that we're going to recover this margin impact, hopefully, starting in 2023. Moving on to the segments. Automotive OEM delivered solid organic growth of 6% with 18% growth in North America. Europe was down about 1% and China was down 11%. At this point, and consistent with our prior guidance, we do not expect a meaningful improvement in the chip shortage situation impacting auto production until 2023. In effect, our guidance assumes that automotive production remains around current levels for the second half. While we are getting positive signals from several of our customers in terms of preparing for a Q3 and Q4 ramp-up in auto production, we are taking a more conservative approach to our guidance per our usual process. And even with revenue around current levels, keep in mind that the year-over-year comps ease in the second half, which sets the Automotive OEM segment up as a meaningful contributor to the overall organic growth rate of the enterprise through the balance of the year. Operating margin was 17% when excluding 270 basis points of 80/20 front-to-back restructuring impact this quarter. As supply chain issues get resolved down the road and auto production ramps up, we're confident that we'll see some strong organic growth rates for an extended period of time and a return to the segment's historic margin rates in the low to mid-20s. Let's turn to Slide 5 for Food Equipment, which led the way this quarter with an organic growth rate of 25%, record quarterly revenues of $614 million and operating margin of 24.7%. North America grew 27% with double-digit growth in every major category and end market. Both restaurants and institutions were up around 40% and retail growth was in the mid-teens. International revenue grew 23%, with Europe up 25% and Asia Pacific up 11%. Orders remain very strong in this segment. Test & Measurement and Electronics revenue grew 15%, with organic growth of 1%, which, as you know, is uncharacteristically low for this segment and entirely due to the timing of a large equipment order from an Electronics customer in Q2 last year. Adjusted for that order, segment organic growth would have been about 7%, which is a more accurate representation of how strong the order intake is. Test & Measurement organic growth was 8%, with continued strong demand for CapEx as evidenced by Instron growth of 5%, as well as continued strength in semiconductor-related end markets. Moving to Slide 6. On another positive note, Welding's organic growth was also strong at plus 22%, with equipment up 24% and consumables up 19%. Industrial grew 29% and the Commercial business was up 19%. North America, which is about 80% of our sales, grew 25%. Oil and gas was up 8%. Sequentially from Q1, revenue was up 8% with continued strong order intake. Operating margin improved 80 basis points to 29.3%. Polymers & Fluids grew 10% organically, with Polymers up 25% on continued strength in MRO and heavy industry applications. Automotive aftermarket was up 4% and Fluids grew 3%. On a geographic basis, North America grew 8% and International was up 13%. While sequential revenue grew from Q1, we did see some slowing demand in our automotive aftermarket business as consumers are dealing with rising inflation and gas prices. On to Slide 7. And Construction delivered strong organic growth of 15%, with continued strength in North America, which was up 29%. U.S. residential grew 34% and commercial was up 20%. While Europe and Australia and New Zealand were up 5% and 4%, respectively, the international businesses started to show some signs of slowing in their order rates towards the end of the quarter. Specialty was the only segment that didn't grow, with organic revenue down 2% as supply chain constraints caused a delay in the delivery of some larger international equipment orders that are now on track for the second half. On a geographic basis, North America was up 5%, while International was down 13%. Okay. Let's turn to Slide 8 for an update on our full year 2022 guidance, which remains unchanged. Per our usual process, our guidance is based on our actual results year-to-date and a projection of current levels of demand through the balance of the year. As a result, our organic growth projection of 7% to 10% remains unchanged. The acquisition of MTS is projected to add 3% to revenue, and based on current foreign exchange rates, the headwind from foreign currency translation is now 4% versus a prior expectation of 1.5%. We are maintaining our full year GAAP EPS guidance range of $9 to $9.40. And compared to our prior guidance on May 3, the onetime favorable tax benefit of $0.16 in Q2 is offset by $0.20 of additional EPS headwind from foreign exchange, which is now embedded in the outlook. Our operating margin guidance is unchanged at 24% to 25%, with about 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives. Price/cost margin dilution impact is unchanged at 100 basis points, which implies that the second half margin dilution impact is about neutral as compared to 200 basis points of headwind in the first half. Finally, there's no change to free cash flow generation or share repurchases of $1.5 billion, and our tax rate for the full year is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23%. We've often talked about the fact that ITW is a company that can deliver top-tier results in any environment, and this year is no exception. We're obviously not immune to the macro challenges and uncertainties that may lie ahead, but we remain confident that ITW is very well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated best-in-class performance as we leverage our diversified high-quality business portfolio, the competitive strength of ITW's proprietary business model and our team's proven ability to execute at a very high level in any environment. With that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher : Okay. Thanks, Michael. David, let's open up the lines for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz : Scott or Mike, could you give us a little more color on underlying demand trends you're seeing in your more consumer versus capital goods businesses? I know you mentioned just tough comparison Electronics, some slowing in auto aftermarket. But obviously, we all have increased focus on macro slowdown. Are you seeing signs of moderating demand as consumer demand still holding up?
Michael Larsen: Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Santi: I was going to say, I think Michael told you exactly where we're seeing it, which is a couple of pockets. One is the auto aftermarket business for reasons that are pretty logical related to the gas prices and consumers' discretionary spending in that arena and then the other is our international construction businesses that we did see a little bit of a pullback. Those 2 -- those businesses combined represent, I think, less than 15% of the company's overall revenues. And for the other 85%, we see things remain very strong.
Andrew Kaplowitz : That's helpful, Scott. And then Michael, I think you had talked about 200 basis points of price/cost impacting in Q2, and I think it read out of $160 million. So maybe you can give us a little more color on how you're thinking. I know you said neutral for the second half of the year, but obviously, commodity prices have come down pretty significantly lately. So how long does it take for that to read through? And is there maybe some upside to that second half neutral forecast?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think I explained, Andy, can how we do this. I mean, based on all the known price and cost increases as we sit here today, we expect --
Scott Santi: And decrease --
Michael Larsen: And decreases in certain cases. That's all of those things are cost decreases. All of those things are baked into our assumption today. And when you project that in a pretty mechanical calculation, so there's no assumption here that things get better or worse, it's based on what we know today, that margin dilution impact is essentially neutral here in the second half of the year. And that's how you get that 200-basis point swing in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tami Zakaria with JP Morgan.
Tami Zakaria: Just a quick follow-up on what you said earlier. I think you mentioned some weakness in international construction end markets. Is that focused on both resi and non-resi for you?
Scott Santi: Yes. The biggest positions we have in both of those markets is by far residential. So I think they mostly speak to what's going on in those markets in the residential side in both Europe and Australia.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I would just add to that. I mean, we are also seeing a lot of strength in other parts of the company. So while less than 15% may be experiencing a little bit of a slowdown some of the other segments, Food Equipment, Welding, Test & Measurement, Electronics are off to a really strong start here in Q3. If you just look at our July numbers overall for the company, on a year-over-year basis, we're up 18%. So that is the highest monthly organic growth rate that we've seen all year. Sequentially, from June, we are up in July, where typically we are down and actually, 5 of 7 segments are growing double digits. So there's a lot of strength in other parts of the company that at least for the month of July are offsetting some of the slowing we've seen in the parts of the company that we've talked about.
Tami Zakaria: That is super helpful color. And along the same line, has your expectation for overall organic growth in Europe changed since the beginning of the year? The reason I ask it seems like some people are thinking Europe would be in a recession in the back half. Does that alter your expectation for the region in the near term?
A –Michael Larsen: I think we are pretty close to where we were on our last call, which I think we said we expect kind of low single-digit type growth rates in Europe based again on current run rates. As you know, we’re not assuming any change in the macro other than kind of what we’re seeing today. We are in Europe, I should say, we are hearing some positive – we are getting some positive signals, like I said in the script, from our automotive customers in terms of potential ramp-up in production here in September and in Q4. And likewise, that’s not baked into our guidance as we sit here today. So I hope you get the sense there’s a lot of puts and takes across the company. And overall, we’re on track to a really strong second half for the company.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Before my question, can we just clarify, Michael, interesting color on July, thanks for that. When you say in July the 85% that's not under pressure is up 18% or the total company is up 18%.
Michael Larsen: The total company. Yes, on an EBITDA basis, the auto company is up 18% here in July.
Jeff Sprague: That's interesting and surprising. Good to hear. I'm just curious on Welding. I would have guessed perhaps that seeing that stronger number in Welding that maybe oil and gas would have been stronger than up 8%. So it sounds like it must have been pretty broad-based strength across most of the markets that you can kind of see into. So maybe you could give a little bit of color there what's going on in Welding, both from a vertical market standpoint? And any color on what's going on maybe in the channels?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, as you know, 80% of our business is North America, and that's where the strength was, up 25%. And really, you heard equipment up 24%, consumables up 19%, strength in industrial and commercial. And then the international side was up 8%. And that's where our primary oil and gas exposure resides. Europe was up 20%. And then the China business was down, which was the lockdowns again. So down about 6%. And we, like I said earlier, are fully expecting to recover that here in the back half of the year. But a lot of strength in the North America business for sure. And I would be remiss if I didn't point out the margin performance of north of 29% operating margin. So a really strong quarter for the welding business, and Q3 is looking really good so far.
Scott Santi: And just maybe a little additional color. The real strike there in Q2 is the Industrial side. I think, Jeff, part of your question was related to the channel, and that's not a product -- a category of products that typically is inventory in a significant degree of the channel. These are larger, more complex products, machines and systems and they are typically sold into end users for specific projects. So there's not a lot of channel inventory at any point on those products.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis : Just to be clear, guys, I know you don't disclose price explicitly, but is price still going up and net realized price still going up?
Michael Larsen: We are still -- there is a lag here, as you know, from the time we see the cost increases to the price is being realized. That is somewhere between 1 to 2 quarters, and we are still in catch-up mode here in the second half of the year. Obviously, on a margin basis, we talked about that and also on a dollar basis.
Scott Davis : Okay. That's what I thought. I just wanted to clarify. And then what -- I know, obviously, the FX has a translation impact, but it can have a trade impact. Can you remind us what businesses you are doing much export --
Scott Santi: We do almost -- yes. Sorry to cut you off, Scott. I'll let you finish your question. I was just going to say, we are producing locally to sell locally. We do very little cross-border commerce, either on the input side or the export side. There's a little bit here and there, but less than 5% of our revenue. It's something like. Yes, it's something like 2% of our imports are from China. I mean, it's really de minimis. We are produced where we sell a company. Our suppliers are local, our customers are local so our exposure is largely translation. So we are sourcing in the same currency that we are producing and selling in the vast majority of cases.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea : I wanted to start on the consumer and sort of the less than 15% that you were talking about. And I think you've talked previously where maybe over half of revenue kind of broadly tied to consumer. But can you help kind of segment that a little bit in terms of where you might have consumer exposure that would be a little bit more tied to something like overall consumer confidence and where you would have exposures that or a little bit more maybe durable in terms of demand trends and not as tied to what we would think about as sort of pressures related to a broad consumer slowdown?
Scott Santi: I think, Joe, we really highlighted the 2 big ones, which is construction, residential and then the automotive aftermarket business. The other one maybe that I would add is in our specialty business, we do a fair amount of consumer packaging. So beverages and resealable closures for things like cheese and other food products that I think have generally proven to be pretty resilient during times of economic contraction, consumer staples basically.
Joe O'Dea : And then on supply chain, I mean the PMI yesterday for July, I mean, still showing very extended lead times. I think you talked to stabilization, but I'm assuming that means exactly that, not that things are getting better. Can you talk about sort of any visibility that you have into timing of supply chain starting to improve a little bit from a point of stabilization?
Scott Santi: What I would say overall is we have no visibility to any improvement. We are not planning on it. I'm sure that it will get better at some point. I think we have been -- our business has been very resilient in terms of working their way through various issues and challenges, computer chips, you name it. And we are finding a way to serve our customers, and that's that remains, I think, the posture that we have. And until it changes, we're not changing what we're doing and I think we're on it, but it's still not easy.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: I was wondering maybe if we could just go back to the price/cost margin dilution chart. I'm assuming there's some sort of a linear relationship here and that 3Q is probably still a small headwind and the exit rate at 4Q is probably a tailwind. Is that a reasonable expectation?
Michael Larsen: I think as we sit here today, I think that's a reasonable expectation, yes.
Stephen Volkmann: And so Michael, I'm trying to think a little bit further into '23 and just rather than think about volumes, they'll be whatever they are, but you're going to have a few things kind of moving here in terms of sort of price/cost and dilution from MTS and some of the restructuring that you've done. Any way to start to think about what incremental margins in '23 might look like sort of when all is said and done?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think you're right, Steve. There is a lot going on. What I can tell you is that as we kind of peel back the onion on our incrementals, so adjusting for all the things you just talked about, MTS, restructuring and price/cost, we are right back at our core incremental margins in that 35% range right now, and we wouldn't expect anything different in 2023. Obviously, we haven't done the planning yet, but that's kind of long term what you should expect from us is incrementals in that 35% range.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mig Dobre: I've been doing this for a while, but my name is always butchered on these earnings calls. Maybe to kind of follow up on Steve's question here thinking about '23. I'm curious, as you're looking at the amount of pricing that you had to put through this year. Is there a good way to think about the carryover that's going to go into '23 relative to '22 from a top line perspective, contribution to the top line?
Michael Larsen: I think it's a little too early, Mig. I mean, clearly, there will be some carryover. But to try and quantify that right now for you, I don't think would be helpful.
Scott Santi: We've got to get it to our planning process, which is really we're talking about November-ish before we'll have a reasonable view on that, and I think that's the appropriate time.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think the only thing I would point back to is what I said in these prepared remarks is that if you add up the price/cost margin dilution impact during this cycle over this year and last year of about 250 basis points, the expectation is that as things begin to normalize, we will recover that margin impact over time. Now how exactly that will play out and the timing around that is not entire clear as we sit here today. But there will be -- I think it's reasonable to assume that some of that impact will be in 2023.
Mig Dobre: Okay. I guess, if I may follow up on this. I'm trying to probe a little bit about your degree of confidence that the business overall will be able to outgrow industrial production as we're thinking '23 and beyond. This has been a big topic, right, over the past few years. You talked about winning the recovery and investing through the downturn. So I'm curious if you can maybe update us a little bit on your degree of confidence that we can continue to see out growth.
Scott Santi: Well, I don't know exactly what I can do to reassure you other than to tell you that it continues to be the #1 dominant priority of every member of ITW from China to Europe to North America to South America, and it is, certainly, we think we've got a terrific opportunity going forward. We have done a lot of things in terms of investing and positioning ourselves to execute on it and the proof will be in the pudding. But it's already happening.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I agree with that, Mig. I mean, I think if you look at the results we put up so far, and granted there's some recovery in here, but last year, organic was up 12%. The first half is up 10% organic this year. I think relative to peers, we're certainly closing the gap compared to where we were kind of just a few years ago. So I think yes, the proof will be in the organic growth rate numbers that we're going to put up. But I also will tell you there is a high degree of confidence that we are making significant progress. Lots more to do, but certainly, we are headed in the right direction here for sure.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Sorry about that. Just wanted to clarify on the margin outlook because I suppose the margin rate or the margin guide for the year implies the fourth quarter margins are maybe up 300, 400 basis points year-on-year or something. Just wanted to confirm that, that's roughly the right way to think about the back half guide. And maybe what are the main drivers of that big fourth quarter margin uplift?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, the big driver for the second half here is what we just talked about, which is 200 basis points of price/cost margin dilution impact in the first half, that's not projected to repeat in the second half. So that's probably the biggest driver. I think you also have to factor in -- if you just run rate -- if you just take our current revenues and project those into Q3 and Q4 because the comps are easing on a year-over-year basis, we'll be putting up some meaningful organic growth rates with all the operating leverage and the incrementals that are returning to something a lot closer to our historical incrementals in the back half of the year. And so those are kind of the big drivers here, less price/cost margin headwind and significant organic growth year-over-year with more normal incremental margins in that 35%, maybe plus range for the back half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: I understand. And then just a follow-up on free cash flow. I think your sort of 90% odd conversion guide for the year on free cash, that implies, I think, sort of 50% growth in the free cash year-on-year in the second half. So just help us understand how do you get that monstrous sort of free cash flow expansion. Is that just a mass of sort of inventory destock because supply chains are easing? Maybe just any color around that because it is a big move for a sort of a company.
Michael Larsen: It's a little bigger than usual. I mean, as you know, historically, our second half cash flows are always significantly higher than the first half. It's a little bit more this time. We've talked about the fact that we've been very intentional in terms of our working capital investments to support the growth that we're seeing double-digit growth at the top line, mitigate supply chain risk, which is still a reality and then sustain the service levels for our customers. So we will carry whatever inventory we need to do those things. If you look at our months on hand, we're running right around 3 months on hand. And we really only need a slight improvement in that in the months on hand to get to those free cash flow numbers. So as we sit here today, we do have a line of sight to a ramp-up in the second half. But like I said, we think it's a smart use of this balance sheet to support everything we're trying to do from an organic growth standpoint by taking care of our customers. And I will say this, if we come in at the low end of the range, it won't change anything in terms of our capital allocation plans for the year. We'll still do the buyback. We'll still do, obviously, investments. We'll still do the dividend. And so there's really no trade-off here. But obviously, we'd like to hit the free cash flow number, and we have line of sight to doing that for the back half of the year. And we are obviously aware that it's a little bit more of a ramp than what we normally have.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is David, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the ITW Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone, and welcome to ITW’s first quarter 2022 conference call. I’m joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we will discuss ITW’s first quarter financial results and update our guidance for full year 2022. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company’s 2021 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. So please turn to slide 3, and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks Karen, and good morning, everyone. We have talked often about the fact that the core focus of our enterprise strategy is to leverage the performance power of the ITW business model to consistently deliver top-tier performance in any environment. And our teams around the world continue to do an exceptional job of doing just that as evidenced by the 11% organic growth and 23% operating margins that they delivered in Q1. In the quarter we saw continued strong demand almost across the board while input cost inflation and supply chain issues remain challenging to say the least and our business has responded. Across the company, we continue to leverage the advantaged supply capabilities inherent in our 80/20 front-to-back operating system to support our customers and execute our Win the Recovery strategy to accelerate profitable market penetration and organic growth across our portfolio. Many of our businesses continued to receive strong feedback from their customers that their current delivery performance is truly differentiated and that they are being awarded additional share as a result. And despite another step-up in input cost inflation in Q1, we more than offset cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis in the quarter. Looking ahead at the remainder of 2022 based on our first quarter results and projecting current demand, supply rates and all-known cost increases through the balance of the year, we are raising our guidance for full year 2022 organic growth to 8.5% at the midpoint and GAAP EPS of $9.20 at the midpoint, which is 14% earnings growth year-over-year and would be an all-time record for the company. While the near-term environment certainly has its challenges, we remain focused on delivering differentiated service to our customers, differentiated financial performance for our shareholders and continued progress on our path to ITW's full potential. Now I'll turn the call over to Michael, who'll provide more detail on the quarter and our full year outlook. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you Scott and good morning everyone. In Q1 demand was strong across the board and supported by our advantaged supply position, ITW grew revenue by 11.2% to more than $3.9 billion. Organic growth was 10.6% and the MTS acquisition contributed about $100 million, or 2.8% to revenue. Foreign currency translation reduced revenue by 2.2%. GAAP EPS of $2.11 tied last year's Q1 record. Foreign currency translation reduced GAAP EPS by $0.05. By geography, North America grew 13%, international grew 7% with organic growth of 7% in Europe, and China grew 1%. Six of seven segments delivered positive combined organic growth of 14%, while Automotive OEM was down less than 1%. Orders remained strong across the board. And while we're doing significantly better than many of our competitors in terms of lead times and delivery performance, we grew backlogs again in the first quarter. Sequentially from Q4 to Q1, organic revenue grew 6% on a sales per day basis, as compared to our historical sequential of minus 1%. And while we're on the topic of sequential improvement GAAP EPS of $2.11 grew 9% relative to Q4 2021. Operating margin was 22.7%, 23.4%, excluding 70 basis points of margin dilution from the recent MTS acquisition. Enterprise Initiatives contributed 90 basis points. And as we always do our business teams reacted appropriately to higher cost inflation by adjusting selling prices. And as a result, we remain positive on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Price/cost was still dilutive to operating margin by 250 basis points. After-tax ROIC was 27.6%, 29.8%, excluding the impact of the MTS acquisition. Free cash flow was $249 million with a conversion rate of 38%, which is below our typical 80% to 85% in the first quarter. As we've talked about before, the lower conversion rate is due to intentional working capital investments that support our strong growth momentum mitigate supply chain risk and sustained service levels to our key customers. And down the road once supply conditions begin to normalize, so will our working capital needs resulting in our typical strong cash flow performance. As planned, we repurchased $375 million of our shares in the first quarter and the effective tax rate was 23.1%, 70 basis points higher than Q1 last year. So, overall, for Q1 an excellent start to the year, characterized by strong broad-based demand supported by our differentiated supply position, as we delivered organic growth of 11%, operating margin of 23%, and GAAP EPS of $2.11. Moving to Slide 4. We're including an analysis of our current operating margin performance. Reported Q1 operating margin was 22.7%, but there are three factors pressuring our margins in the near term starting with 250 basis points of margin dilution impact from price cost. At some point in the future when raw material costs begin to normalize, we expect the margin impact from price/cost to turn positive and that we will fully recover the margin differential. Second, Q1 was also the first full quarter of the recent MTS acquisition, which as expected diluted margins by 70 basis points. As we've talked about before, it will take us a few years to fully implement the ITW business model on MTS and get the business growing organically at ITW caliber margins and returns. Finally, we had slightly higher restructuring associated with 80/20 front-to-back projects, which impacted margins by 20 basis points. And the point here is that our core operating margins are currently running around 26%-plus, which is closer to what we would expect from ITW in a normal environment and not far from our pre-pandemic target of 28%-plus and also further evidence of our continued progress on enterprise strategy driven structural margin improvement through the pandemic. If you recall 2019 pre-pandemic margins were right around 24% versus 26% on a core run rate basis here in Q1. And as we've said before, we have full confidence in our ability to deliver sustained above-market organic growth at 30% to 40% incremental margins. And as a result, we will continue to expand operating margins as we grow. Moving on. Automotive OEM was the only segment that didn't grow this quarter with organic revenue down a little less than 1% much improved compared to being down 16% in Q4 2021. By geography, North America grew 3%, Europe was down 11% and China grew 12%. You'll remember that the segment is up against a pretty tough comp of plus 8% organic growth in Q1 last year as the impact on auto production from chip shortages didn't fully materialize until Q2. At this point and for guidance purposes, we do not expect an improvement in the chip shortage situation until 2023. As a result, our guidance assumes that automotive production and our associated automotive OEM revenues are essentially capped at current Q1 levels through the balance of the year. Turning to slide 5 for Food Equipment, which led the way with the highest organic growth rate this quarter at 28%. North America was up 23% with Equipment up 24% and Service up 21%. Restaurants were up over 40% with strength across the board and institutional growth was almost 10% led by education and lodging. International growth was strong at 36% with Europe up 45% and Asia Pacific up 4%. Both Equipment and Service revenues increased around 36%. In Test and Measurement and Electronics, organic growth was 8% with Test and Measurement up 10% and Electronics up 6%. Strong demand for semiconductor-related equipment continued to drive organic growth in the mid-teens, while demand for capital equipment also remained strong with Instron, for example, up 6%. Finally, as expected the MTS acquisition diluted operating margin by about 400 basis points. Excluding the MTS impact margins were 26% versus 26.4% in Q4 2021. Moving to slide 6. Welding organic revenue grew 13% with Equipment up 10% and Consumables up 17%. Industrial grew 14% and the Commercial business grew almost 10%. North America was up 12% and International growth was 17% including 18% growth in oil and gas. Europe was up 20% and Asia Pacific was up 15%. Due to strong operating leverage and a solid contribution from enterprise initiatives, Welding operating margin was a record 30.8% an all-time quarterly record for an ITW segment and another proof point that as we deliver organic growth with best-in-class margins there's plenty of room for further margin expansion in all seven segments. In Polymers and Fluids, organic growth was 13%, as automotive aftermarket grew 17%. Polymers was up 11% with continued strength in MRO and heavy industry applications. Fluids grew 6%. On a geographic basis North America grew 15% and International was up 9%. On to Slide 7. Construction delivered strong organic revenue growth of 21% as North America grew 32% with Residential up 36% and Commercial up 15%. Europe grew 16% and Australia and New Zealand was up 10%. While construction margins were impacted by rising steel costs, operating margin was still a solid 24.7% with strong volume leverage and a meaningful contribution from enterprise initiatives. Specialty organic growth was 1% with North America up 7%, while International was down 9%. With that let's turn to Slide 8 for an updated view of our full year 2022 guidance. And based on our Q1 results and projecting current levels of demand through the balance of the year as per our standard approach to guidance, we are now projecting organic growth of 7% to 10% and total revenue growth of 8.5% to 11.5%. Due to the higher revenue growth projections, we're raising GAAP EPS by $0.10 to a range of $9 to $9.40 and the midpoint of $9.20 represents, 14% earnings growth and puts the company on track for another year of record financial performance. Operating margin guidance is unchanged with strong volume leverage and 100 basis points of contribution from enterprise initiatives. When it comes to price cost our operating teams will continue to more than cover inflation on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And as usual, our guidance includes all known costs and price increases as we sit here today. We expect strong free cash flow growth of 10% to 20% year-over-year with a conversion rate of 85% to 95% of net income. As we've talked about before this is below our target of 100%-plus. Because of our decision to invest in the working capital necessary to support the company's strong growth mitigate supply chain risk and sustained service levels to our key customers. Finally, we are on pace to repurchase 1.5 billion of our shares and we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 23% to 24%. So, in summary Q1 was another quarter of high-quality execution in a very challenging environment and as a result, we're off to a solid start on raising both our organic growth and EPS guidance for the full year.  So, with that Karen, I'll turn it back to you. 
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks Michael. David let's open up the lines for questions please. 
Operator:   [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Thanks for making an uneventful quarter versus what we've seen in some other places. 
Scott Santi: You're welcome. 
Scott Davis: A couple of little things here. I mean first your guidance implies kind of - or perhaps doesn't imply, but you're not forecasting additional inflation. Does that mean that you've seen kind of some plateauing in the supply chain price increases and materials etcetera? 
Michael Larsen: Well -- so let me just -- it's a good question. So let me just explain kind of how we are modeling price cost because I think there's an opportunity to maybe clarify a few things. So, what we are doing consistent with our past approach around price/cost is we're including in our guidance today. all known cost increases and all of the associate price increases. Those are the two things that we know today. And based on that you saw the actuals of 250 basis points of margin headwind in the first quarter, but actually positive on a dollar-for-dollar basis. As we project into the future based on what we know today, that 250 basis points is going to become less of a drag on a go-forward basis and maybe even turn slightly positive in the back half of the year, okay? So that's kind of -- that's what we know. What we don't know and that's to your question what are the additional cost increases going to be? We don't know as we sit here today, we have not seen anything to really suggest that inflation is slowing down. But we do know that our operating teams will offset any cost increases with price on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And so therefore, EPS-neutral which is a really important point here. But obviously, that will create additional top line growth, but it will also put pressure on margins as this additional top line growth comes through at essentially no incremental margin if that makes sense. So, hopefully that answers your question. So that's what's embedded here. Everything we know as we sit here today is included in our guidance. Additional inflation will be offset on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And to the extent that happens that will put some further pressure on margins. And so hopefully that answers your question.
Scott Davis: That's totally fair. Is there any way to disaggregate the content growth in auto versus kind of potential inventory builds versus sell-through et cetera? Just any color there will be helpful...
Scott Santi: I'd say at this point, that would be really tough, just given all that's going on.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I agree with that. I would just add. I mean, I think it's a tough number and it doesn't make a lot of sense on a quarterly basis. I think in terms of long term, we're highly confident that we're outgrowing the underlying market by two to three percentage points. What exactly that was in one quarter versus the other is a little bit more difficult to ascertain, especially in the current environment. But on a full year basis, certainly, the way these plans are set up is for two to three percentage points of outgrowth on an annual basis.
Scott Davis: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you, guys. Appreciate the color.
Scott Santi: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to get some clarity on the improved organic growth guidance you're raising it by one point. And is that a reflection of better-than-expected first quarter performance versus your internal expectations or does it embed improved organic growth you're seeing quarter-to-date? And if the latter, which segments are driving that? And is it solely coming from incremental pricing or are you expecting volume improvement as well?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So Tami, our growth projection is based on the Q1 actual results that we are reporting today. And then we are projecting based on historical run rates into -- through the balance of the year. So there's really no assumption here, no economic forecasts or an underlying assumptions, things are going to get better in the back half or worse than the back half of the year. It's based on again revenue per day in Q1 and projected into -- through the balance of the year.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. And so, you're not embedding any pricing benefit into the updated guidance?
Michael Larsen: No. I think the only pricing that is included in our guidance is what we know as of today. So we know, what price increases we have actioned and announced and so that is known. But any further increases beyond that would not be included in our guidance as we sit here today.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Super helpful. If I can ask one more follow-up?
Scott Santi: Sure.
Tami Zakaria: Have you seen any slowdown or impact in your business in the European markets since the war in Ukraine broke? Ask another way have you do you feel the demand environment has changed since then?
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think in Q1 I think Europe was up 7%. I think we're seeing -- we saw some pressure. In -- if you look at the automotive numbers the sales numbers -- we saw a lot of strength on the food equipment side to offset that. I think and if you kind of look at the projection for the balance of the year, I think it adds up to somewhere in the low single-digit type growth rate in Europe. Just to maybe comment or put it down, I think so far through April, everything appears to be on track including Europe.
Tami Zakaria: Great. Thank you so much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Next we'll go to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Scott Santi: Good morning Joe.
Joe Ritchie: I guess my first question I want to just touch on China, I know it's a relatively small part of your business. I saw that it grew double-digits in the auto business. But maybe just provide some color on what you're seeing on the ground there with the COVID shutdowns and how that's impacting your business if at all?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean I think just to kind of dimensionalize it. China is about 8% of our revenues and I think we -- at this point, we've not seen -- we're obviously not immune to what's going on in China. But like I said so far through April, everything appears to be on track including in China.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Good to know. And then I guess just a follow-on question. You guys price/cost negative 250, but only down 100 basis points for the year. I mean it's fair to say I think like where you're seeing the most acute pressure in the auto OEM segment. So, I guess, just maybe confirm that that's correct or if you're seeing other pressure across other parts of your business as well? And then just within that improvement that you're seeing, how much of it is already like baked into the pricing of those auto contracts that come through as the year progresses?
Michael Larsen: So ,everything that we know is baked in Joe. So and I think the -- it's fair to say that the inflationary pressures are real across all seven segments. They are a little more pronounced as you can see it in the margins in auto, maybe construction this quarter I mentioned that as well as Polymers & Fluids. I think there is a little bit of a -- we're still catching up to some extent. So, the 250 basis points of headwind will be better starting in Q2 based on what we know today somewhere closer to 200 and then from there in the back half if things stay the way they are like I said earlier we're starting to turn positive. And we're beginning -- I think the important point is we're beginning to recover the margin impact that we've had over the last four or five quarters now. So, I think once we get through this cycle like I said in the prepared remarks and when things do begin to normalize down the road from a supply chain and from a cost standpoint that is when the margin recovery begins. And so we're taking to some extent this is a -- we described it as a near-term pressure here in Q1 and over time we'll begin to recover those margins again.
Joe Ritchie: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good day, everyone. Just first on auto Scott or Michael. Is the idea that you're capped here what you're hearing directly from your customers, what you can see on kind of forward build schedules, or is this just for lack of a better term a dose of caution given the uncertainty?
Michael Larsen: It's a combination of things. I think Jeff, if you go back to our last call the -- what was baked into our guidance at the time was half of the IHS growth build forecast of 9%. So we were basically at somewhere around 4% to 5% builds. And that's where IHS is today. So I think there's actually not a big change relative to where we were three months ago. And what we're basically based on various data inputs including from our customers, we thought the best way to update kind of forecast the auto business is to say that revenues stay where they are which is somewhere around $760 million in Q1 and that's what we've assumed for Q2, Q3 and Q4. So -- and then ultimately, I mean we still believe that down the road, when these supply chain issues get resolved and automotive production recovers, this segment is going to be very well set up as a strong contributor to the overall organic growth rate of the enterprise. But we just think it's going to take a little bit longer based on everything that we are seeing and hearing from our customers.
Jeff Sprague: Understood. And then just back on price. Understanding that what you know is embedded in the guide, but if we think about the point addition to the organic growth guide, I suspect all of that maybe even more than 100% of it is price. Could you just give us a little color on that?
Michael Larsen: So I think you tried this on the last call to get me to tell you a little bit more about price versus volume. So -- and just to reiterate, these are our best estimates. So I can't give you a lot of detail other than I can tell you that the -- there is volume leverage on the 1% revenue growth increase and that's really the 10% -- $0.10 a share that we're adding to our guidance, okay? So it is not -- from that you can infer, it's not all price. It's a combination of things.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Understood. Thank you for the color.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Michael Larsen: Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Scott or Michael, so I know you probably don't want to update us on your segment revenue growth expectations. But outside of auto where you already gave a specific guide, it looks like Food Equipment & Construction accelerated versus your run rate specialty products maybe weakened a bit. Is that a fair characterization of where revenue growth is moving versus your original forecast? And can you give a little more color regarding what you're seeing in specialty products that's maybe holding down that business a bit segment?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think the -- I heard your first part. What the second part was what did you say slowdown?
Andy Kaplowitz: Specialty. 
Michael Larsen: Specialty. Yeah, I think specialty is really more of a timing issue related to some specific equipment projects in Europe and a few projects in China. So I think that's really more of a timing issue than anything else. I think if you just kind of take a step back I think you pointed out the right ones, in terms of a lot of strength in certainly Food Equipment, but also Welding. Test & Measurement there's some -- up against some difficult comps. Construction, there's certainly a lot of positive momentum, really across the board. And what does not come across and we've talked about this before, we're not a backlog-driven company. But in the segments that are more exposed to the capital equipment space, so that would include Test & Measurement, Welding, Food & Equipment, we are building significant backlog and really despite the fact that we are performing, like I said, at a high level relative to our competitors, we're building substantial backlog. That's not showing up, obviously, yet in our revenues.
Andy Kaplowitz: And, Michael, you obviously had -- you had a large number in construction, specifically, you mentioned North American renovation, I think, up in the low 30% range. It's been going on for a while here, but this is a big number and you're getting stronger despite sort of concerns about rising rates. So are you taking share there? Is it just a lot of activity and sort of visibility going forward here in 2022?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think as you know, I mean, there's still a lot of strength in the US housing market and that's where you saw these residential remodel numbers up 36%. And included in that is also some meaningful share gains, based on what we're seeing in portions of that business, where it's difficult to supply the market, we are taking advantage of our supply position to take share. The commercial side, 15%, that's a smaller part of the business. And then, really, on a geographic basis, it's not just North America, but it's also Europe, up 16%. For example, the UK up 20%; and then Australia and New Zealand still delivering a solid 10%. So it's pretty broad-based and again, we're modeling based on run rates. And so, we have not seen anything to suggest that the market is slowing down at this point.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Next we'll go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: And thanks for leaving a lot of time for -- yes, good morning. It's actually great that you give so much time to Q&A. So thanks, I wish all other company to do this. So, I know you don't like to talk about price. And I know Jeff took a crack at the question. But if I just put through the margin dilution from price/costs and it seem as neutral, then I get to a 9%, 10% type price impact. Is that the kind of scale of pricing we're seeing here? And is the message that pricing gets better from here through the year?
Michael Larsen: Well, what does get better from here, if things stay the way they are, is price/cost as we talked about. And so, we're going from significant margin dilution here in Q1 of 250 basis points to maybe even slightly positive in the second half of the year. So that's -- and that's based on everything that we know today. And Nigel, it's not that we don't want to -- so the issue around price is that, it is an estimate at best. And it is not -- especially with -- in such a dynamic environment it would be very difficult to sit here and give you a number with a high degree of confidence and we’ve not done that historically. And like, I think, we talked about on the last call, we're not going to go down the path of breaking out price versus volume any further. So that's the best I can do here for you.
Nigel Coe: Okay. No, that's fine. And then, just turn to page 4 as my follow-up the margin bridge. Enterprise was I think 90 bps of tailwinds. So if we put that in as sort of a tailwind to that bridge there would have been 90 bps elsewhere so -- as an offset. So, I'm assuming that productivity in the plans, et cetera, is that fair Michael? And how do you see sort of productivity, labor productivity, et cetera, improving through the year?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think that's productivity. I'm not sure exactly how you get there. I mean I think there's 90 basis points of enterprise initiatives that's not on here.
Scott Santi: That's embedded in the 26.1%.
Michael Larsen: In the 26.1%. And so, is the -- any other productivity gains. There's a couple of things that are nodding here is there's some margin dilution from increased sales commissions. When you grow your revenues double-digit, your commissions are going to go up. But broadly speaking, what we try to do is give you a fairly accurate representation of these near-term pressures and therefore, what our core operating margins are running at, which is somewhere around 26%-plus in the current environment. And as we just talked about these price/cost pressures normalize, that's where we would expect margins to head as we continue on our path to our target of 28%-plus.
Nigel Coe: No, that’s very clear. Thank you very much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Good morning, everyone. So, Michael a question for you. I think I heard you mention that in the second quarter, the price/cost headwind moderates to the tune of about 50 basis points. So when we're thinking about year-over-year margin, is it fair to still embed roughly 200 basis points of year-over-year compression in Q2 and then things get better in the back half basically?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think that's what I said. Yeah, I think that's a -- based again with the caveat that we are in a very dynamic uncertain environment. But to the extent that -- based on what we know today that is -- that would be correct.
Mig Dobre: Okay. And then, sorry to keep beating up this topic on price. It's just that this environment, it's not something I've encountered in my career well frankly before. But when we're looking at PPI data, I mean we're seeing some pretty material increases in Food Equipment in Welding. And I'm sort of wondering if your business is sort of kind of keeping up with this industry data as well or if there are some divergence that we need to be aware of, because it would seem that most of the growth is really coming from pricing not volume if volume grows at all in 2022?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean, I...
Scott Santi: We wouldn't share that view.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. We don't agree with that one. Two, I'm not quite sure what you're -- what data you're looking at. So it's a little bit difficult for me to comment. All I can do is report the actual results for our Food Equipment business, for example. And I think we give you a fair bit of detail including by end market. And beyond that I can't really -- like I said before, we don't report price versus volume and so I'm not sure I can help you.
Mig Dobre: Understood. Maybe one last follow-up. I'm curious as to how you're thinking about this pricing dynamic longer term? Because to your point eventually we're going to start to see material costs coming down, do you expect to be able to keep the pricing gains that you have had in this environment, or is it fair to assume some pressure is weakened about 2023 and beyond? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Well, so, I think let me just start by saying that our customer relationships are strategic long-term relationships. We're not trying to maximize price. We're trying to serve our customers and make sure that we get paid for offering a really differentiated product service or solution. So we've always had pricing power in these businesses. I think ultimately, these are going to be discussions with customers when costs start to normalize and there might be a few exceptions, but by and large, we expect to hold on to these price increases to recover the margins like I said earlier. So that's typically what happens. If you go back and look in time, we're going to end up with a period where we recover that margin percentage and we don't expect the current cycle to be any different.
Mig Dobre: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to try and understand the sort of earnings framework for the year a little bit. So it looks as if sort of operating margins are set to go up by about 300 basis points between kind of Q1 and Q4 with a flattish dollar revenue. Is that all simply the price cost removal of the headwind? Is there any other kind of major moving parts? And also to that point, are you sticking to that kind of 47-53 first half second half EPS split?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So let me address that. I mean, I think, we're still in that 46% to 47% in the first half and the balance in the second half. And the big driver really is, what we've talked about it feels like for a while here is price/cost beginning to turn positive, based again on the assumptions that we're making in our guidance. So that's the drive. Now historically, we do 49%, 51%. So it's a couple of percentage points. So, but it is a little bit more back-end loaded. We expect that as we go through the year, sequentially starting in Q2 margins will improve and so will revenues. And that's just based again on kind of historical run rates. And so we expect a steady kind of improvement in Q2, Q3 and in Q4 including on the margin side. Whether it's exactly the number you laid out, I can't really comment. But directionally that's – that is the right way to look at it.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks, Michael. And then switching to the balance sheet, which I don't think has been touched on yet, and maybe some customer element as well. But your inventories are up, I think almost sort of 50% year-on-year, and up 10%-plus sequentially in Q1. Just kind of trying to understand, when do you think that starts to level out? And this major sort of inventory build that you're seeing how assure you that you're not seeing the same phenomenon across your customers and channel partners, as well with obviously some risk to that, if we do see final demand slowdown?
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think if you look at our inventory levels, we were running at about three months on hand. Our historical is two months. And so we have an extra month of inventory on hand. And I think we've been very clear about why that is. It's to mitigate supply chain risk, it's to take care of our customers and ultimately to win this recovery and take share at a point where our competitors are maybe not able to service our customers. So that's the vast majority of these inventory increases, just kind of maybe a little housekeeping. If you look at our conversion rate here in Q1 the difference between the 38% and the 80% to 85% is about $300 million of working capital very intentional investments. We believe a really smart use of our balance sheet. And you saw the top line growth, right at 11% organic this quarter. That I would argue would not have happened if we've not taken this approach starting really last year to make a conscious decision to invest in inventory. And then, obviously, receivables will go up as you grow double-digit. Ultimately, we don't see any reason why structurally when supply chain begins to normalize both from an availability standpoint and also from a cost standpoint that we will go back to two months on hand. And at that point if that happens you'll see these free cash flow numbers will deliver above-average performance, until we're back to kind of normal levels. So we view this really as a temporary increase in working capital.  How quickly that will come down, depends on a lot of things, including what you're talking about and -- which is inventory in the channel where we really don't have a lot of visibility. Other than I can tell you, for the most part the channel does not carry a lot of inventory because they're used to the fact that we will take care of them when they need products. So there's no incentive for them to carry a lot of extra inventory. So, that's probably the best I can give you Julian.
Julian Mitchell: That's perfect. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Thank you for your participating in today's conference call. All lines may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we will discuss ITW’s fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results and provide guidance for full year 2022. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company’s 2020 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks Karen and good morning, everyone. In Q4 ITW team delivered another quarter of excellent operational execution and strong financial performance. Six of our seven segments combined and delivered 12% organic growth while our auto OEM segment continued to be impacted by near term limitations on auto productions due to component supply shortages and as a result was down 16% in the quarter. At the enterprise level we delivered organic growth of 5%, GAAP EPS of $1.93, operating margin of 22.7% and free cash flow of $695 million or 114% of net income. Throughout the entirety of 2021, our teams around the world did an exceptional job of delivering to our customers while responding quickly indecisively to rapidly rising input cost and aggressively executing our win the recovery strategy to accelerate profitable market penetration and organic growth across our portfolio. As a result for the full year, we generated organic growth of 12% with each of our seven segments delivering organic growth ranging from 6% to 18% and despite a seemingly constant rise of input cost increases, we expanded operating margin by 120 basis points to 24.1% with another 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives. GAAP EPS was an all time record at $8.51, an increase of 28% versus the prior year. And in 2021, we also raised our dividend by 7%, returned $2.5 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and closed on a very high quality acquisition in the MTS test and stimulation business. Most importantly we delivered these results while continuing to drive meaningful progress on our path to ITW’s full potential through the execution of our long term enterprise strategy. As you may recall, early in the pandemic we made the decisions to remain fully invested in our people and in our long term strategy. The people that we retained in the marketing innovation and capacity investments that we continue to fund as a result of that decision are fueling the results that ITW is delivering today and have the company very well-positioned to continue to accelerate organic growth, add high quality bolt on acquisitions and sustain our best in class margins and returns in 2022 and beyond. I want to close by thanking all of our ITW colleagues around the world for their exceptional efforts and dedication. Their performance throughout 2021 provides another proof point that ITW is a company that has the enduring competitive advantages, the agility and the resilience necessary to deliver top tier performance in any environment. Now I’ll turn the call over to Michael, who will provide more detail on our Q4 and full year 2021 performance as well as our 2022 guidance. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. The strong growth momentum that we experienced in the third quarter continued into the fourth quarter as revenue grew 5.9% year-over-year to $3.7 billion with organic growth of 5.3%. The MTS acquisition added 1.3% and foreign currency translation impact reduced revenue by 0.7%. Sequentially, organic revenue accelerated by 6% from Q3 into Q4 on our sales per day basis, as compared to our historical sequential of plus 2%. By geography, North America grew 9% and international was up 1%. Europe declined 2% while Asia-Pacific was up 7% with China up 2%. GAAP EPS of $1.93 included $0.02 of headwind from the MTS acquisition and related transaction costs. Operating margin was 22.7% to 23.1% excluding MTS. As expected in the fourth quarter, we experienced price cost margin headwinds of 200 basis points, the same as in the third quarter. Our businesses continued to respond appropriately and decisively to rising raw material costs and in the fourth quarter and the full year, we were positive on dollar for dollar basis. Overall for Q4 excellent operational execution across the board and strong financial performance in what remains a pretty uncertain and volatile environment. Okay, let’s go to slide 4 for segment results starting with automotive OEM. As expected organic revenue was down 16% with North America down 12%, Europe down 29% and China down 3%. Despite these near term pressures on the top line, operating margin was resilient and remained solidly in the mid teens. While supply chain challenges continue to persist for the industry in the near term, we are confident that the inevitable recovery of the auto market will be a major contributor to organic growth for ITW over an extended period of time as these issues ultimately get resolved. Food equipment led the way this quarter with the highest organic growth rate inside the company at 21%. North America was up 22% with equipment up 26% and service up 15%. Institutional growth of 28% was particularly strong education and restaurants were up around 50%. International growth was strong and on par with North America at 20% mostly driven by Europe up 23% with Asia-Pacific up 9%. Both equipment and service grew 20%. Turning to slide 5 for test and measurement and electronics. Organic growth was 11% with electronics up 4% and test and measurement up 17% driven by continued strong demand for semiconductors and capital equipment as evidenced by organic growth rate of 17% in our Instron business. Scott said in December, we closed on the MTS acquisition which we’re excited about as it’s a great strategic fit for ITW and highly complementary to our Instron business. We acquired the Instron in 2006 and today it is a business growing consistently at 6% to 7% organically with operating margins well above the company average. We’re confident that MTS has the potential to reach similar levels of performance over the next five to seven years through the application of the ITW business model. Moving to slide 6. Welding delivered broad based organic revenue growth of 15% with 30% operating margin in Q4. Equipment revenue grew 14% and consumables were up 16%. Industrial revenue grew 18% and the commercial business grew 8%. North America was up 15% and International growth was 14% driven by 18% growth in oil and gas. Polymers and fluids organic growth was 3% with 8% growth in polymers with continued strength in MRO and heavy industry applications. Fluids was down 5% against the tough comp of plus 16% last year when demand for industrial hygiene products surged. Automotive aftermarket grew 4% with continued strength in retail. Onto slide 7. Construction organic revenue was up 12% as North America grew 22% with residential renovation up 23% driven by continued strength in the home center channel. Commercial construction which is about 20% of our business was up 21%. Europe grew 2% and Australia and New Zealand was up 10%. Specialty organic growth was strong at 7% with North America up 10% and International up 2%. With that let’s go to slide 8 for a summary of 2021. Operationally, the teams around the world continue to execute with discipline in a challenging environment as they sustained world class customer service levels, implemented timely price adjustments in response to rapidly rising raw material costs and executed on our win the recovery initiatives to accelerate organic growth across the portfolio. As a result, revenue grew 15% to $14.5 billion with broad based organic growth of 12%, 14% if you exclude auto OEM where growth was obviously very constrained due to two component shortages at our customers. Operating income increased 21% and operating margin was 24.1%. Incremental margin was 32%, which is below our typical 35% to 40% range due to price costs. Excluding the impact of price cost, incremental margin was 40%. GAAP EPS increased 28% and after tax ROIC improved by more than 300 basis points to 29.5%. Free cash flow was $2.3 billion with a conversion rate of 84% of net income, which is below our 100% plus long term target for free cash flow due to higher working capital investments to support the company’s 15% revenue growth and the strategic decision that we have made to increase inventory levels on select key raw materials, components and finished goods to help mitigate supply chain risk and sustained service levels to our key customers. Moving to slide 9 for our full year 2022 guidance. So, we’re heading into 2022 with strong momentum and the company is in a very good position to deliver another year of strong financial performance with organic growth of 6% to 9% and 10% to 15% earnings growth. For our usual process, our organic growth guidance is established by projecting current levels of demand into the future and adjusting them for typical seasonality. As you can see by segment on the next page, every segment is positioned to deliver solid organic growth in 2022 with organic growth of 6% to 9% at the enterprise level. Our total revenue growth projection of 7.5% to 10.5% includes a 3% contribution from MTS partially offset by 1.5% of foreign currency headwind at today’s exchange rates. Specific to MTS, guidance includes full year revenue of $400 million to $450 million. The expectation that margins are dilutive at the enterprise level by approximately 50 basis points and finally, consistent with what we’ve said before EPS neutral. Operating margin excluding MTS is forecast to expand by about 100 basis points to 24.5% to 25.5% as enterprise initiatives contribute approximately 100 basis points. We expect price cost headwind of about 50 basis points. Incremental margin is expected to be about 30%, including MTS and our core incremental margin excluding MTS is in our typical 35% to 40% range. We expect GAAP EPS in the range of $8.90 to $9.30 which is up 10% to 15% excluding onetime tax items from last year. The tax rate for 2022 is expected to be 23% to 24% as compared to 19% in 2021. We are forecasting solid free cash flow with a conversion rate of 90% to 100% of net income with further working capital investments to support the company’s growth, mitigate supply chain risk and sustain service levels to our key customers as needed. Our capital allocation plans for 2022 are consistent with our longstanding disciplined capital allocation framework. Priority number one remains internal investments to support our organic growth efforts and sustain our highly profitable core businesses. Second, an attractive dividend that grows in line with earnings over time remains a critical component of ITW’s total shareholder return model. Third, selective high quality acquisitions such as MTS that enhance ITW’s long term profitable growth potential, have significant margin improvement potential from the application of our proprietary 80:20 front to back methodology and can generate acceptable risk adjusted returns on our shareholders capital. Lastly, we allocate surplus capital to an active share repurchase program, and we expect to buyback $1.5 billion of our own shares in 2022. In addition, we have reactivated our previously announced divestiture plans and in 2022, we will reinitiate divestiture processes for five businesses with combined annual revenues of approximately $500 million. While these businesses are performing quite well, coming out of the pandemic, they operate in markets where growth expectations are not aligned with ITW’s long term organic growth goals. When these divestitures are completed over the next 12 to 18 months, we expect approximately 50 basis points of lift to ITW’s organic growth rate and operating margins. Given the timing uncertainties associated with these divestiture transactions, 2022 guidance assumes we own them for the full year. Finally, last slide is Slide 10 with the organic growth projections by segment. You can see that based on current run rates we’re expecting some solid organic growth rates in every one of our seven segments with organic growth of 6% to 9% at the enterprise level. For automotive OEM, our guidance of 6% to 10% is based on a risk adjusted forecast of automotive production in the mid single digits plus our typical penetration gains of 2% to 3%. With that Karen, I’ll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Michael. Brent, let’s open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi Group. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So Mike, I know you mentioned that you’re predicting to run rate growth as you usually do. But it looks like polymers and fluids are the only segment where you actually forecast the business to reaccelerate in 22 versus Q4 levels. Maybe you could talk about what you’re seeing there and then it seems like your CapEx businesses continue to be quite strong. Are you seeing customers step up CapEx in 22? And how does that factor into the forecast if at all?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think polymers and fluids is really the growth rate for 2022 is established the same way as the other segments, which is based on current levels of demand inside of the segment today projected into 2022 and adjusted for typical seasonality. So that’s where you get to that 5% to 9% range for polymers and fluids. On the CapEx question I’d say, we definitely continue to see very strong demand in our capital equipment businesses. We talked about an acceleration from Q3 into Q4 with revenue per day of 6%, when normally we’re only up 2% and we expect really that strong demand to continue into 2022. Again, we’re not assuming an acceleration in 2022. It’s based on current run rates but based on the trends we’re seeing, it’s possible that we fully expect that demand will continue at these levels. We’ve seen nothing in Q4 to suggest that demand is slowing down in any one of our segments.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate that. And then you delivered mid teens margins in auto in Q4 which I think was in line with expectations. But as you know, steel prices have begun to come down. So can you give us more color and how to think about margin in auto in 22 and when you talk about your ability, I think he talked last quarter about maybe being able to re-price some auto OEM contracts. So have you had any success in doing that?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think on auto margins, they’ve been remarkably resilient, considering that we’ve been down 15% to 20% in Q3 and Q4 and we’re still in that mid to high teen level. Obviously, as auto production comes back, we’re going to get positive volume leverage in the business. Price cost remains a significant headwind and it’s not so much steel is really more on the resin side in the auto business and we expect that those headwinds will continue in 2022 in the auto business. As we’ve talked about before getting priced takes a little bit longer in the in this space, just given the contractual nature of the industry. And we are continuing to partner with our customers as we renew contracts and add new content to vehicles and so I do think that longer term structurally auto margins will go back to levels that we’re at historically which is in the low to mid 20s. When exactly that happens really depends on when volume comes back and when we get ahead of these price cost headwinds that are pretty significant at this point.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate it, Michael. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe we could just start with thinking about the quarterly cadence of revenue and margins. I totally appreciate that you guys don’t historically do specific quarterly EPS guidance. But if you could talk a little bit about maybe the price cost impact, how things kind of look versus normal seasonality, just because 2022 seems like it could be a bit of a strange year again?
Michael Larsen: Yes, you’re right, I think it’s likely to be another strange year. If you look at it historically, our first half versus second half in terms of the EPS that we generate for the full year, we are typically 49% in the first half and 51% in the second half. Yes 49% and 51% will be good. That’s one way to do that. So we’re 49 and 51, historically, we think this year based on current run rates, and how we think price cost might play out, we’re more like a 47:53. So it’s close. But the plans are a little more backend loaded than typical. The one thing I’ll just call out is, if you look at Q1 specifically, in Q1 last year, there were no significant chip shortages in the automotive space. So that auto was up 8% last year in Q1. We still expect the auto business to be down here in the first quarter of 2022. Not as much as in Q4, but still a down quarter in automotive. And so that’s really what’s driving this more backend loaded plan that I talked about. I think I just add on price cost we’re going to continuing to work that our teams are doing a good job. It’s going to take a little bit of time to catch up here even though we are the lag that we historically have seen has become smaller as we’ve learned some things in the past and are doing a better job responding with timely and appropriate price adjustments as we deal with this really unprecedented raw material cost inflation. I might just add, we’ve also not really seen anything to suggest that those inflationary pressures are slowing down.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it, that’s very clear. And just a quick follow up on the price cost situation. Is the expectation that we kind of enter 2022 with a similar headwind to what you experienced in the fourth quarter and then you exit with a price cost tailwind?
Michael Larsen: So I think the expectation is that price costs will be margin dilutive 50 basis points for the year. And that consistent with our past practice, and all of 2021, the goal was to be EPS neutral or better and I think slightly positive is where we ended up as we said in Q4. But to be honest with you, it’s a really uncertain environment here. I mean, if there are further raw material cost increases we are going to read, we’re going to react to those raw material cost increases with further price and that will put further pressure on the margins. So it’s really difficult to predict what will end up for the year. In our guidance here in our model is 50 basis points of headwind.
Scott Santi: It’s good to say that the net 50 basis points include all existing and known price increases. But I think just put up a bit of emphasis on your point. Subsequent increases that we don’t know about today that occur then certainly affect that level of margin dilution as we go through the year.
Michael Larsen: So yes, there’s no assumption here that things are getting better or worse. This is based on what we’re seeing in our businesses today, based on incurred known and future costs and corresponding price increases. And it’ll be I think, again in 2022, as you said, a strange year, a pretty dynamic year from that perspective too.
Nicole DeBlase: Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: I wonder if you could just provide a little bit more color on what’s going on at the customer level on supply chain and the nature of the questions, Scott, in particular gone back to Q2, but also in Q3 I think had some issues of just being able to deliver to customers, despite your own ability to deliver. Was that an impact in Q4 and do you see that sort of situation continuing into the early part of this year?
Scott Santi: The way I would respond to that is, I think those issues in terms of customer impacted demand, customer supply chain impacted demand are better known today. So in Q2 it was sort of emerging situation, it was volatile. I would say that the sort of order the shipment, the timing of all that has been adjusted around a more known set of issues that our customers. So it’s less of us of a surprise, it’s hard to say it had any incremental impact in Q4 because it was just basically embedded in our plan, by that point, in our run rates in our plan so I think overall thing that I would say is we’re not seeing any evidence that things are improving in a dramatic fashion from the standpoint of all of the supply chain constraints. It’s still there are issues all over the place. We are reacting to those internally very well. Our customers are still challenged the automotive is just the most visible representation of that, but that these sorts of issues are applying to all customers of ours across all seven of our segments. But it’s still given the growth rates, the net-net of all of it is still very positive in terms of underlying demand. And if everybody had everything that access to every component, and every bit of raw materials that they might want right now, I couldn’t even guess sort of the incremental delta on that, but it’d be meaningful.
Jeffrey Sprague: Could you provide us some context on what your aggregate realized price was in 2021 and what’s embedded in your guidance for 2022?
Scott Santi: So we provided kind of an estimate. And that’s really what this is, at best is an estimate of the breakdown between price and volume for full year 2021. I think we said price of 3% to 4%, roughly for the full year and organic growth in that 8% range. So that’s what we talked about in the last call that’s where we ended up. And while I fully appreciate the question, I’m not sure I can be really helpful in terms of the guidance here for 2022 because as I said, price versus volume and these are estimates at best. And so in our opinion, the performance metric that really matters most is organic growth, which of course, includes both price and volume. And we try to be very transparent in terms of providing fully organic growth guidance at the enterprise level for the segments. And we report actuals as we go through the year both for the enterprise and for the segments, but that’s really as much granularity as we can give you with a high degree of confidence.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, and maybe just one last one for me. I mean, the auto guide you gave is pretty clear builds plus your normal content. So there’s no kind of bullwhip effect in the channel like we heard at 3am there was a lot of disconnect between build rates and what was in the channel and some real disconnects between the two. But it sounds like from your vantage point, and relative to your supply chain, everything is sort of evened out. Is that correct or there’s maybe some noise first half versus second half?
Scott Santi: No I think that’s a fair way to characterize it. And maybe just to be clear, if you look at kind of third party leading industry, I hesitate to call them experts, but forecasts at least are suggesting builds for the year 2022 somewhere in that 9% to 10% range. What we have embedded in our guidance here is basically half of that. So we are somewhere in the mid single digits as our base assumption for automotive bills. They are plus 2 to 3 percentage points of penetration gains, which are essentially locked in at this point. And so hopefully that’s a fairly conservative assumption. It is also a little backend loaded. So I think like I said, we expect auto to be down at least in Q1 and then was gradual improvement from there as we go through the year and hopefully these supply chain issues get resolved and automotive like we said will become a really meaningful contributor to the overall organic growth rate of the company once those bottlenecks get resolved.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: I think a lot of the good questions have been asked but can you tell us again, when you were talking about divestitures in your commentary, I kind of zoned out for a second. Yes I don’t know what was going on. But can you remind us kind of the periodicity and the size and timing of that? And then, I’m just kind of curious, are there MTS type acquisitions out there that you have in your sights that could offset some of that?
Scott Santi: So just to kind of summarize on the divestitures real quick. So we’ve begun the previously announced divestiture plans. We’ve kind of reinitiate, the process for five business units here, with combined annual revenues of about $500 million and we expect the process could take anywhere between 12 to 18 months to get these completed. And of course, as you know, there’s a fair bit of uncertainty around the timing of these. And so, in our guidance today is embedded that we’re that we own these businesses for all 2022. And we’ve also not included any kind of onetime gains on sale that might flow through. The positive impacts of the company, obviously, the onetime gains on sale is one thing, but really the kind of the structural benefit is approximately 50 basis points improvement in the overall organic growth rate of the company, and 50 basis points of improvement in the overall operating margin of the company. So that’s kind of the addition by subtraction effect with the divestitures. And essentially, if you wanted to, you could say that we’ve added a really high quality asset with MTS and we were replacing these divestitures with a business that we know can deliver the type of performance that we’ve seen in our Instron business through the application of the business model. In terms of the pipeline of deals, I mean, I think we remain disciplined, but also opportunistic and to the extent that other opportunities come along that have the same characteristics that we’ve talked about many times and we’re going to certainly be leaning in on those and when that might, when these things might come to fruition that’s always a little bit of there’s some uncertainty around that, just like there’s some uncertainty around the timing of these divestitures.
Scott Davis: Okay, thank you for that. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Indiscernible] on for Jamie. We were wondering if there’s any way you could quantify the market share gains they’ve been talking about and how sustainable they are? And then in terms of price cost, if you could give us any color on option for 1H versus 2H and if you’re hedged at all? Thank you.
Scott Santi: So let me take a shot at this. I mean, I think on the market share gains, I mean, I think at the core of these when the recovery initiatives that we’ve talked a lot about is the goal of accelerating our organic growth efforts and gaining significant market shares at a time when competitors in many cases were not able to stay invested in their people, in their new products, in their capacity expansion plans, not able to maintain service levels at the same level as ITW. And so we are hearing across the company, from many, many of our divisions, lots of anecdotal evidence that we are gaining market share. It’s difficult to quantify. It’s an estimate at best and it’s not one that we’re confident reporting on externally, but I think there’s a lot of evidence inside the company that we are gaining share. I’ll just point to our 12% organic revenue growth last year with the challenges in auto and then 6% to 9% organic this year and maybe when we get to a point where the market growth rates stabilized, maybe we’ll be able to talk a little bit more about what our above market organic growth rates are. But we’re highly confident that we’re making good progress on our organic growth efforts. On your first half versus second half on price cost, I think we just talked about this. I mean, it remains a pretty uncertain environment. If things stay the way they are price cost will be a headwind in the first half and it’ll be maybe neutral in the second half. And for the full year, we ended up somewhere around 50 basis points of margin dilution impact. And to answer your question, we do not hedge. So the costs that are flowing through our P&L today are essentially today’s costs. And there’s a whole host of reasons why we think that’s a much better way of dealing with these costs real time maybe a little bit different than what you’re seeing at other companies. But that’s the quick answer on your hedging question.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hello, everyone. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So my first question is your inventories saw a notable increase in the fourth quarter. How much is that is related to the MTS acquisition? And how should we think about its impact on margin and cost absorption as we look into the first quarter and the rest of the year?
Scott Santi: So I think, the inventory increase this year, which, like I said, that was a strategic decision to really secure supply for our customers and mitigate any risk around supply chain about 100, a little over $100 million came from MTS here in the month of December as we closed in the transaction. The specific impact from MTS on margins this year is 50 basis points. And I don’t know if that was exactly your question or you had something else in mind.
Tami Zakaria: I think that that’s helpful. I do have another follow up question on MTS actually. So when do you expect MTS to be margin accretive?
Scott Santi: Well, I would say we’re not in a rush. We’re going to be very deliberate and thoughtful in terms of how we implement the business model like we always do. I might just add, we’re really excited about MTS because the business model never been more powerful than it is today. And so we’re excited about what it can do. I think what we said was it’ll take about five to seven years to get to ITW caliber, margins and organic growth rates that are in line with what we’re seeing in the instrument business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [Indiscernible] on for Julian. So first question around, it seems like the 22 guide implies around 30% incremental. You guys have talked a lot to kind of the MTS impact and test and measurement and some price cost impact in the first half in auto. Is there anything else to call out the other segments regarding margin expansion costs throughout 22, could you help us?
Scott Santi: Well, I’ll just say 30% incrementals that is including the impact from MTS, actually if you adjust for that incrementals for 2022 are in line with our historical kind of 35% to 40% range. And I think as you look across the segment, there’s really nothing unusual going on in terms of margins I think consistent with kind of the bottoms up planning process that we do at ITW. Our segments have all told us that they expect to do a little bit better in 2022 than they did in 2021 despite the fact that they are all operating at best in class levels relative to the markets and the competitors in those markets. So nothing unusual, we expect. Like I said overall 100 basis points of margin improvement, which is what we typically do. The enterprise initiatives are, it’s great to see I think in page 10 another strong contribution from 80:20 and strategic sourcing that’s pretty broad based across all seven segments, so nothing unusual. We really expect based on what they’ve told us continued progress certainly on organic growth, as you can see on page 10, in the slide deck and also on operating margins.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. That’s really helpful. And then just maybe one more follow up on capital deployment and the portfolio definitely more active and kind of this year in guiding for next year. Should we assume, though, in terms of when we think about priorities, just given the buyback guide for 1.5 billion can you just talk about how you prioritize M&A versus share repurchases kind of over the next 12 months, probably 18 months?
Scott Santi: Well, I think we’re really fortunate that we are in a position to do both. And so these are not mutually exclusive. I went through the four priorities, they are 1.5 billion, I mean, something really unusual would have to happen for us to not complete that program. It’s really the allocation of our surplus capital. And there’s plenty of room for more MTS type acquisitions to the extent that they become available.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe O’Dea with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Joe O’Dea: I wanted to start just on supply chain, I think it’s been clear that it’s not getting better, but I’m curious about not getting worse. And so the degree to which over the past three or four months, your confidence level and some stabilization and how that allows you to operate a little bit better and then just in general if you do have any better visibility into when things start to improve a little bit I think some of the semiconductor comments and improve timing of shipments maybe but anything you could touch on visibility to improvement?
Scott Santi: I think from the standpoint of the tactical issues now, I would certainly say that the environment is pretty stable but that just means that we’ve gotten used to this environment, that there is, there are new issues popping up everywhere. I think, from the standpoint of the tactics that we’ve our businesses employed to continue to serve our customers at a high level in this environment. We have certainly learned some things. Michael talked about our willingness to use our balance sheet to support inventory and investments. We have talked about the fact that our localized supply chains have really come up big for us here. Our long term relationships with our key suppliers all of those things it certainly helped us operate in this environment. We’ve got in, I’m not going to say comfortable, but we’ve gotten used to operating in this environment. But I don’t think there’s any sort of the set of issues that we’re confronting on a daily and weekly basis are shrinking dramatically at this point. In terms of forward visibility I think our mode is not the guess and not the look ahead, I think we are I react company. We are well positioned to do that. You can read the same sort of industry level stuff that we read. And it’s interesting, but until it actually shows up, we’re not counting on it. And we’ll continue to read and react to the conditions on the ground as we always do. That being said, it obviously at some point is going to start to improve in a material way. And at that point things certainly get easier. We get the turn even more of our attention to leveraging the strong market positions into consistent above market growth.
Joe O’Dea: That’s helpful. And then just a second one, when you talk about kind of the focus on when the recovery, I imagine that none of those folks who have lost share are all that happy about it. And at some point your focus becomes kind of sustained the victory. But what are the tools that you have in place? What’s your confidence level that the share gains through these disruptions are sticky game?
Scott Santi: Well, our focus in these games is really with our biggest and best customers that were our biggest and best customers before the pandemic. And I think in all of these cases what this pandemic provides us and this is true across the portfolio is an opportunity to demonstrate how ITW is different that we were there for our customers in a time of significant stress and challenges. And I think there is we are not looking for opportunistic sort of transient opportunities in this. We are looking for opportunities where we can truly leverage what is an advantage position and an advantage operating model in ways that ultimately proved to our biggest and best customers as I said, what the ITW difference is. And I expect that our ability to perform the way that we have and there’s as Michael said, there’s plenty of sort of anecdotal evidence of this. We are winning business today because of our ability to supply and not just supply, but supply these little items of high quality products. So I think as we said at the outset, this is a real opportunity for ITW to demonstrate some pretty fundamental core differences in our capabilities in the markets that we serve and in our people, in our business model, in my view, have absolutely stepped up to the challenge.
Joe O’Dea: And just to confirm my understanding correctly, the bigger portion of kind of the share wins would be better penetration at existing customers not so much about new customers?
Scott Santi: Yes. That’s the first priority in this environment, absolutely, taking care of our existing key customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open. 
Mig Dobre: Thank you for taking the question. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to go back to the discussion on pricing. And I certainly appreciate that there has been quite a bit of pricing that you had to put through in 21 and it looks like 22 is not going to be much different. I’m curious your view as to what happens when raw material inflationary pressures abate? How are your contracts structured or your conversations with your customers? Do you think these pricing increases actually stick and are there any differences various segments, one versus the other?
Scott Santi: Well, I think given the differentiated nature of our product and service offerings across the company, I think, first of all, we’re very pleased that we’ve been able to make the appropriate price adjustments to offset these really unprecedented raw material cost increases. And I think if and when those costs start to stabilize or come back down I mean, there’s certainly going to be individual discussions with customers, but we don’t expect that we’ll have to adjust pricing in a meaningful way, certainly not in a way that you’ll see in the financials that we report. 
Mig Dobre: And then, my follow up is more of an operating question. You haven’t really talked much about the Omicron spike and what that might have done to your own internal operations. I’m presuming there was some absenteeism in various manufacturing sites related to this. And I guess my question is this, now that we’re maybe two years into this pandemic how have you changed the way you do business internally and the way you operate from a just pure output and resilience standpoint? With the question really being if we are seeing yet another wave, say, for instance, in three, four months how are you prepared to handle that relative to, frankly, what you’ve had to go through over the past couple years? Thank you.
Scott Santi: Well, all I could do is point to our, the way we’ve executed through the various waves to this point. I think there is have we had to adjust to the challenges of the pandemic from a people a safety standpoint, let alone a production standpoint, absolutely. That’s been going on now for coming up on two years. So I don’t, I think the way the company has responded we talked a lot about resilience, and that’s certainly part of it. But we are a manufacturer. We’ve got to have in our people are key to our ability to execute. And so we have done everything we need, everything within our power to keep our people safe, to keep our production lines running to be able to serve our customers. Have we learned things in the process? Of course, like a lot of companies have. This is not a normal environment as you all know, but ultimately I’m very comfortable that we are negotiating our way through these challenges in a really strong manner and will continue to do so. We’ll deal with whatever comes our way.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: I wasn’t on the call, I apologize if I’m going over stuff that you’ve already covered. But I’m just curious, really in terms of, this is a very little of a question, but corporate expense number came in a little bit heavier than what we had modeled. And I know that you’ve been pushing more centralized costs over the last couple years. Just wondering what drove that and what we should be assume for 2022?
Scott Santi: So, I’m assuming you’re talking about the unallocated number that’s a little bit higher in Q4 at $56 million, I think Q3 was $43 million and the difference is the MTS transaction costs. So kind of a onetime and I think for modeling purposes for next year, I would assume somewhere in that $30 million to $40 million range.
Nigel Coe: Okay, so the one time production costs coming through there okay, that that’s very clear. And then again, sorry, if you’ve got this for the free cash conversion like 100%, I’m assuming that’s working capital investments as you recover, but anything else that would be helpful? 
Scott Santi: No, it’s just the investment in inventory. I mean, I think, obviously higher receivables with higher 15% revenue growth, and then the inventory to support our customers in a challenging supply chain environment. So we think that’s a pretty smart use of our balance sheet. So that’s what.
Operator: There are no further questions. Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. All lines may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tammy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Tammy. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's third quarter financial results and update our guidance for full year 2021. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2020 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we saw continued strong growth momentum in 6 of our 7 segments and delivered excellent operational execution and financial results. Revenue grew 8% with organic growth of 6% and earnings per share of $2.02 was up 10%. At the segment level, organic growth was led by welding at plus 22%; food equipment at plus 19%; Test & Measurement and Electronics at plus 12% and specialty products at plus 8%. Our automotive OE segment continued to be impacted in the near term by auto production cutbacks associated with the well-publicized supply chain challenges affecting our auto customers. In Q3, auto production cutbacks ended up being significantly larger than what was projected heading into the quarter. And as a result, our auto OEM segment revenues were down 11% in Q3 versus the minus 2% we were expecting as of the end of June. In a very challenging environment, our teams around the world continue to do an exceptional job of executing for our customers and for the company. In Q3, our people leveraged the combination of ITW's robust and highly flexible 80/20 front-to-back operating system. The company is close to the customer manufacturing and supply chain capabilities and systems and our decision to stay fully staffed and invested through the pandemic to sustain world-class service levels for our customers. They also executed appropriate and timely price adjustments in response to rapidly rising raw material costs. And as a result, we were able to fully offset input cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis in Q3, resulting in 0 EPS impact from price cost in the quarter. And, by the way, our teams also managed to continue to drive progress on our long-term strategy, execute on our Win the Recovery positioning initiative and deliver another 100 basis points of margin improvement benefit from enterprise initiatives. Moving forward, we remain very focused on sustaining our growth momentum and on fully leveraging the competitive strength of the ITW business model and the investments we have made and continue to make in support of the execution of our enterprise strategy. Before turning it over to Michael, I want to thank all of our ITW colleagues around the world for all their efforts and for their dedication to keeping themselves and their ITW colleagues safe to serving our customers with excellence and to driving continued progress on our path to ITW's full potential. Michael, over to you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. As Scott said, demand remained strong in Q3 with total revenue of $3.6 billion an increase of 8% with organic growth of 6%. Growth was positive in 6 or 7 segments, ranging from 3% to 22% and in all geographic regions, led by North America, up 9%; Europe, up 1% and; Asia, up 5%. China was up 2% versus prior year and up 6% sequentially. GAAP EPS of $2.02 was up 10% and included a onetime tax benefit of $0.06. Operating income increased 7% and operating margin was flat at 23.8% despite significant price cost headwinds. Enterprise Initiatives were real positive again this quarter at 100 basis points, as was volume leverage, which contributed more than 100 basis points. Thanks to a great effort by our businesses, price cost was EPS-neutral in Q3 but still dilutive to operating margin percentage by 200 basis points as raw material cost increases further escalated in the third quarter. Throughout 2021, our businesses have quickly and decisively responded to raw material and logistics cost inflation with pricing actions in alignment with our policy to fully offset these cost increases with price on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And we've talked about this before, but given the current environment, I'll remind you that we don't hedge. So current cost inflation is always moving through our businesses in real time. After-tax return on invested capital was 28.5% and free cash flow was $548 million. Free cash flow conversion was 86% as our businesses have been very intentional about adding inventory to both support our growth and to mitigate supply chain risk and sustained world-class service levels for our customers. Overall, for the quarter, then strong growth in 6 of 7 segments and excellent operational and financial execution across the board. Let's go to Slide 4 for segment results. And before we get to the segment detail, the data on the left side of the slide illustrates our strong Q3 results with and without automotive OEM. I wanted to highlight 2 key points. The first is the benefit we derive from our high-quality diversified business portfolio in terms of the strength, resilience and consistency of ITW's financial performance. which is enabling us, in this case, to power through significant near-term headwinds in our largest segment and still deliver top-tier overall performance. The second is the accelerating growth momentum with strong core earnings leverage we're generating across the company. Excluding our auto OEM segment, given the issues affecting that market right now, the rest of the company collectively delivered organic growth of 11%. Operating income growth of 14% and an operating margin of 25% plus in Q3. As you can see on this slide, if you eliminate the price/cost impact, our core incrementals were a very strong 52% in the third quarter, which points to the quality of growth and profitability leverage that define the core focus of our business model and strategy. Now let's take a closer look at our segment performance in Q3, beginning with automotive OEM on the right side of this page. Organic revenue was down 11%, with North America down 12%, Europe, down 18%; and China, up 2%. And as Scott mentioned, supply chain-related production cutbacks were much larger in Q3 than what we and most, if not all, external auto industry forecasters were expecting heading into the quarter. While conditions in the auto market are obviously very challenging in the near term, but really good news from our standpoint is that the eventual and inevitable recovery of the auto market will be a major source of growth for ITW over an extended period of time once the current supply chain issues begin to improve and ultimately get resolved. Between now and whenever that is, we will remain fully invested and strongly positioned to support our customers and seize incremental share gain opportunities as production accelerates coming out the other side of this situation. Turning to Slide 5 for Food Equipment, and organic revenue growth was very strong at 19% and the Food Equipment recovery that began in Q2 continues to gain strength. North America was up 18% with equipment up 20% and service up 14%. Institutional revenue, which is about 1/3 of our revenue, increased more than 20%, with strength in education, up over 40% and health care and lodging growth of around 20%. Restaurants were up almost 50% with strength across the board. Strong demand is evident internationally as well with Europe up 20% and Asia Pacific, up 23%. Equipment sales led the way up 26% with service growth of 8%. In our view, this segment is in the early stages of recovery as evidenced by revenues that are still below pre-COVID levels. Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue was strong with growth of 12%. Test & Measurement was up 15%, driven by continued strength in customer CapEx spend and in our businesses that serve the semiconductor space. Electronics grew 8% and operating margin was 26.8%. So moving to Slide 6. Welding demand continued to be very strong with organic revenue growth of 22%. Equipment revenue was up 25% and consumables grew 18%. Our industrial businesses increased 32% in the commercial business, which sells to small businesses and individual users grew 18%. North America was up 24% and international growth was 12% with continued recovery in oil and gas, which was up 9%. Welding had an operating margin of 30% in the quarter. Polymers & Fluids organic growth was 3%, with demand holding steady at the elevated levels that began in Q3 of last year. And as such, had a tough comp of plus 6% a year ago. In Q3, growth was led by the Polymers business, up 8% with continued strength in MRO and heavy industry applications. Automotive aftermarket grew 4% with sustained strength in the retail channel. And Fluids was down 5% due mostly to a decline in pandemic-related hygiene products versus prior year. Margins were 24.2% with more than 250 basis points of negative margin impact from price cost driven by significantly higher costs for resins and silicone. Moving to Slide 7. And a similar situation with construction, where organic growth was also up 3% and also on top of a strong year-ago growth rate of plus 8%. All 3 regions delivered growth with North America up 2%, with residential renovation up 1%, on top of a plus 14% comp a year ago and commercial was up 10%. Europe was up 8% and Australia and New Zealand was up 2%. Specialty organic revenue was up 8%, driven by continued recovery in North America, which was up 15%, and international was down 4%. Equipment sales were up 10% with consumables up almost 8%. Let's move on to Slide 8 for an update on our full year 2021 guidance. As you saw in the press release, we're updating our GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $8.30 to $8.50 which incorporates the impact of actual and anticipated lower automotive customer production levels in Q3 and Q4 versus our previous guidance on July 30. We now expect the Automotive OEM segment revenue to be down about 15% in the second half, including being down 20% in Q4 versus the forecast of roughly flat second half auto OEM revenues that was embedded in our previous guidance. All other segments remain on track or better versus our previous guidance. Our $8.40 midpoint equates to earnings growth of 27% for the full year. We now expect full year revenue to be in the range of $14.2 billion to $14.3 billion, which is up 13% at the midpoint, with organic growth in the range of 11% to 12%. Of that organic growth rate of 11% to 12% volume growth, including share gains are 8% with price of 3% to 4%. For the full year, we expect operating margin of approximately 24%, which is up 100 basis points versus last year. And the fact that we're expanding margins at all in this environment is pretty strong performance, considering that we now expect raw material costs to be up 9% or more than $400 million year-over-year, which is more than 4x our expectation coming into this year. Our businesses are on track to offset raw material cost increases with pricing actions on a dollar-per-dollar basis, which, as you know, is EPS neutral but margin dilutive. As raw material costs and consequently, price have gone up more than what we predicted in our previous guidance, we now estimate margin dilution percentage impact from price cost for the full year at about 150 basis points versus our previous expectation of 100 basis points. These margin headwinds though, will be offset by strong volume leverage of about 250 basis points and another solid contribution from enterprise initiatives of more than 100 basis points. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately 90% of net income as we continue to prioritize sustaining our world-class service levels for our customers in this challenging environment, and as such, we will continue to invest in additional working capital to support our growth and mitigate supply chain risks. Our updated guidance is based on an expected tax rate for Q4 of 23% to 24% for a full year tax rate of approximately 19% to 20%. And as per usual process, our guidance excludes any impact from the previously announced acquisition of the MTS Test and Simulation business. We are awaiting one final regulatory approval and expect to receive that and close the transaction in Q4. So in summary, this will be a record year for ITW with double-digit organic growth, margin expansion, strong cash flow and EPS growth of 25% plus. We expect this strong demand momentum to continue in Q4 and well into next year with an additional boost from automotive OEM likely at some point in 2022 as the supply chain issues there begin to improve. ITW remains very well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated best-in-class performance as we leverage our diversified high-quality business portfolio, the competitive strength of ITW's proprietary business model and our team's proven ability to execute at a very high level in any environment. With that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Michael. Operator, can you please open up the lines for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: And maybe just on - so to start. Could you speak to what, if any, kind of maybe whipsaw effect that's going on as it relates to inventories. Just really trying to think about kind of how and when your sales might fully recouple with production? Or do you feel like they are fully coupled at this point? So any kind of nuances there to be aware of as we try to get out of this point.
Scott Santi: Yes. I don't know a whole lot of nuances. I know that our customers expect us to be able to - as we've talked many times before, we work today, we ship tomorrow. In the auto space, we are certainly giving quarterly guides from our customers in terms of their production forecast. And obviously, those have been more volatile than normal of late. But I would say that we're not - there may be a little bit of inventory cushioning going on if you look at sort of build rates relative to our sales I think our sales were actually higher than production declines in Q3 by sort of an incremental margin about 3 percentage points. I don't know the exact number. But - so there may be a little bit of cushion building there just given the overall environment. But I would say once this thing starts to turn around, that we should see a pretty immediate effect.
Jeffrey Sprague: And Scott, would you speak also just to the activity of your M&A pipeline. It looks like we're close to getting MTS done. Are you working an active pipeline at this point?
Scott Santi: We've talked about this many times before. We are a very interesting opportunity to require. We get things run by us all the time. We have a very clear and well-defined view of what fits our strategy and our financial criteria. And so there are things that are continuously being evaluated. But it's just a matter of the right opportunity presenting itself as we go forward, and that was certainly the case with MTS, and I expect that there will be others at some point. But I would not speculate as to one.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just one quick house cleaning one for Michael. The unallocated cost has kind of been running higher all year and bumped up a little bit more? Like what's going on there? And what should we expect?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think during the last four quarters, we're averaging about $30 million or so. And there are certain costs that we don't allocate out to the segments, example is health and wealth are costs are going up year-over-year. And there's really a laundry list of things there. I would assume that we'll stay somewhere in that 30% to 40% range on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: I love your slide deck. 6 real slides, 15 minutes of prepared comments, that's best-in-class from what I can tell. I appreciate the brevity and the information. Anyways, just switching gears a little bit. I mean it's a little bit of a hard to perhaps measure, but your comment maintaining world-class service levels. When you think about your on-time deliveries kind of today versus where they were few quarters ago versus perhaps pre-pandemic? Are they back up to kind of comparable levels? Did they ever slip that much? I'm sure your competitors - some of your competitors probably had major problems.
Scott Santi: Yes. It is a bit of a summation of a number of different cases, but I would say, certainly, there are a number of our businesses that have sustained their traditional order and they ship tomorrow kinds of service levels throughout this environment, although I have had to certainly work a lot harder with a lot more brute force given the environment to make that happen. In some other cases, I'm thinking about, we've gone from ship tomorrow in order today to ship in a week. But I'm also thinking of cases where we've got people we compete with in certain markets that are now quoting deliveries into next year. So I think from a standpoint of relative advantage, I think we are - again, without 84 different cases, I can't necessarily excite every exact one of them, but my bet is that we are - that the relative advantage that we have is actually increased in that regard in terms of our ability to deliver in our service level to our customers in this pandemic period.
Scott Davis: And does that make it, Scott, easier to get price than given the value promise that you have in delivery and predictability and such that your customer doesn't have to hold a lot of extra inventory because they can have some faith that you guys are going to be there for them.
Scott Santi: I would imagine that's certainly part of it. I think the overall dimension of the value add in terms of the IP relationship as we try to outserve to give our customers the best overall value prop in terms of both the performance of the products we supply them, the service we delivered put around those, and it's not just the delivery service, it's service those businesses where we have service positions like food equipment. And so I think in all of that, I think all of our customers are well aware of their raw material environment. So I think from the standpoint of overall value delivery, our value to them, to the environment that we're in and the fact that we're just trying to recover on a dollar for dollar, we're not trying to get the margin back. I think, as we said before, because we're interested in and expanding our relationships with those customers, I think all of that speaks to the fact that we've been able to recover dollar for dollar.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Good job given the challenging environment. I guess just my first question, just on the margins on the construction business. You were up, the margins were down a little. So just trying to get some color there and when we can see sort of margin recovery. And then my second question, can you just give us an update on sort of what the opportunities are sort of the M&A pipeline and could help - could that further supplement the growth opportunity going forward?
Michael Larsen: Jamie, I think you may have missed it. We just talked about the M&A pipeline a few minutes ago with Jeff. So I'm going to skip that.
Jamie Cook: I'm sorry [indiscernible]...
Michael Larsen: It's okay, don't worry about it. I mean I think in terms of construction as we look at kind of the margins on a year-over-year basis, good enterprise initiative contributions, good volume leverage. And then the headwind is really on the price/cost side. So we talked in this segment, in particular, steel costs are a significant headwind. Obviously, offset with price on a dollar-for-dollar basis, like are in line with our policy here but still margin dilutive pretty significantly at over 300 basis points here in the third quarter. I think once the timing in terms of when is that going to be - when is that impact going to start to diminish is difficult to say. What we can say with a high degree of confidence is and also at this point to our track record, our ability to read and react to whatever cost increases come our way and respond appropriately and decisively with price. I think kind of that track record speaks for itself, and we'll continue to do that. And we're certainly hopeful that the worst is behind us, but we're not counting on that as we look forward. And so you'll probably see a little bit of margin pressure in construction again here in Q4 relative to Q3. Q4 has some - we've got a couple of less shipping days, seasonality, typically, we go down in Q4 relative to Q3. But I'd say in terms of the long term, structurally, construction margins are going to be back in the high 20s at some point here once these near-term issues get resolved.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So I know it's early to talk about '22, but maybe just big picture. Given the growth momentum in your businesses. Ex auto, up 11%, and auto potentially reflecting in '22, as you said. At this point, what's your conviction level that ITW can deliver, let's say, continuing above trend levels when we think about our longer-term goal of 3% to 5% organic growth. And maybe dovetailing with that, are any of your businesses actually snapping back faster than expected. Food equipment comes to mind that may continue to lead growth going into '22?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, Andy, like we said, I mean, we certainly have some really good momentum in our businesses in Q3 and Q4, if you kind of set the auto situation aside, those businesses are up 10% organically. And like you said, there's some really positive momentum, particularly in the more CapEx-oriented businesses. So welding, test and measurement, food equipment, and then I think like we said, once the automotive production challenges get resolved, I think we're set up really well for a strong recovery down the road. We think potentially in 2022, we'll see some positive momentum as well in automotive OEM. So we've not rolled up the plans yet fully embedded the plans fully for 2022 yet. But - and until we've done that, I don't really want to go comment too much. We'll give you a full update in February, like we always do when we provide guidance. But certainly, in terms of demand the volume leverage that goes with that, the momentum on still on enterprise initiatives 9 years in. Our ability to deal with whatever cost and supply chain issues come our way. I think we're really well set up for 2022 and beyond.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michael, that's helpful. And then you mentioned Q4, I mean there is some normal seasonality. You mentioned less shipping days. Obviously, you're forecasting EPS in the middle of the range to be down a little in Q3. Is there anything else going on? Is it maybe a lag in how costs still hit the P&L in auto and maybe polymers and fluids? And then would you say that Q4 maybe is the peak negative margin impact from materials and resins and that kind of stuff.
Michael Larsen: Well, I hope so. We're not counting on it. I think if they don't go up anymore. Yes, look, what I can say just on the materials, I think the rate of increase - from Q2 to Q3, we saw a big step-up in our raw material cost inflation. I think it's unlikely we'll see the same thing here in Q4. I mean, we're already through October. But beyond that, who knows, I think, like I said, it's a typical seasonality for us. We go down from Q3 to Q4, revenues are down. Margins are down. We've got 2 less shipping days. Automotive OEM, we said down 20% year-over-year. The other 6 segments will all have positive organic growth. Margin performance in those segments will be similar to Q3, if not a little bit better. And then you just need to adjust for the tax rate, the discrete item, we gave you the detail on that in Q3 versus Q4. And then there is a little bit of currency headwind, which is really more of a rounding, but we have a little bit more currency headwind in Q4 than Q3. So - you put all of that together, you get to what hopefully is a risk-adjusted pretty good outlook for the fourth quarter, and we'll see where we go from here. So...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: I'm laughing because it's like 20 years later. Perhaps just digging a little bit more. I know you've talked a lot about the momentum going into 2022, but you said in your nice brief opening comments, that other than automotive, some of your other businesses were actually doing better than you had expected. If you could just expand on that a little bit. And then on the food service equipment side, particularly on institutional, is there any risk that there's some pull forward of demand, a lot of institutions curtailed by the federal government with COVID aid. I mean, are you hearing anything about that driving demand on the institutional side. So broadly, first and then maybe a little bit more on the drivers of demand in Food Equipment.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think your first question kind of, I think, was what improved here relative to expectations. I mean food equipment and welding, certainly test and measurement. We did talk about on the last call, we had some onetime equipment orders in Q2. If you take those out, the momentum is really strong as well in the test and measurement business on the back of strong demand on the semiconductor side. So I'd point to those 3 as the strongest. In terms of the institutional side, we really don't think that there's a significant impact there. I mean from pull forward, overall, in the institutional side was up, like we said 20%, education was up 40%, but health so was health care. Health care was up 20%. So we don't really think that there's a significant impact. And we certainly haven't seen anything slowing down on the institutional side or really any of the other kind of end markets within Food Equipment.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then just following up on the Food Equipment side, are you seeing any changes in the types of equipment being demanded coming out of COVID, thinking about the changes to quick serve or to any restaurant side. Any notable like secular or structural changes in the types of equipment that are being ordered?
Michael Larsen: Not really, Ann. No, I think this is very similar to kind of our normal product mix, if you like. So there's no real impact from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: Can we spend a minute just talking about auto OEM margins and pricing - So my understanding is that historically, you guys price when you win your platforms, and it's difficult sometimes to get back and try to get price from auto OEMs? And so what I'm trying to understand, I guess, is like at what point do we start to see kind of the equation turn positive for you from a price cost perspective and thinking about the potential recovery for those margins longer term?
Scott Santi: Yes, our - structurally derived under normal circumstances that generally, the pricing is much more sort of contractually negotiated in the auto space relative to the rest of our businesses. What I would say in regards to this current situation is the delta of inflation, raw material cost is certainly one where we're having discussions about with our customers about needing to adjust that. And we're not clearly the only ones in that respect with our auto customers. So we're working through that. I would say it's certainly - it remains the segment with the biggest lag in terms of our ability to recover, but ultimately, those - we're going to - our approach there is the same as it is in the rest of the company is that we're going to expect to get full recovery on the dollar amount of inflation that we're seeing. And I'd say the margin issue there is sort of the price cost is somewhat of an issue in the short run, but it's much more value. There's a lot of volume leverage there. And as we start - shipments start improving, volumes start to recover given some of the supply chain snacks get resolved, then we'll have - there's nothing that I see that won't get us back to sort of prior peak in terms of auto margins and have them go up from there as we grow that business.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And if it helps, Joe. I'll just add, if you're a little worried about margins here in the near term in auto. I mean, I think we just did 17%, which I think is in this industry is probably top-tier performance, if not best-in-class. And I think in Q4, we expect maybe the typical step down from Q3 to Q4, but margins will still be solidly in the mid-teens. Overall, for the company, I think what we're - what's implied in our guidance is operating margins for Q4 and that 22%, 23% range. And so hopefully, that helps you quantify anything that you may be worried about in terms of the margin performance here.
Joseph Ritchie: Yes. No, that's really helpful. I appreciate that color from both of you. And I guess just my one follow-up is just on MTS. It's funny, like I almost had forgotten that you guys had acquired the company or to or in the process of acquiring the company. I guess - can you elaborate a little bit on what's taking so long? I think I think you've got announced in the first quarter. And then...
Scott Santi: Yes, I don't want to do that, Joe. We're at the I don't know, 2-yard lines. So let's just leave things where they are, and we'll get it over the goal line here soon.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. Is there anything you can tell us about the accretion from the business? Because we have it kind of sized like roughly $500 million business with like high 20s type gross margin. So any thoughts on potential accretion into 2022 if it closes this year?
Michael Larsen: I think in year one, kind of we've said EPS neutral, we think that's still the case. I mean there's going to be a little bit of purchase accounting upfront here. And we didn't buy this business for what it's going to contribute to EPS or not in 2022. This is really much more of a long-term play. In terms of size, you can go back and look pre-COVID. I mean, your numbers are about right, a little over think it was $560 million in '19. The purchase price of $750 million is what we disposed entry margins, 6% EBIT in a space that we know quite well, and I think you're familiar with the Instron business. So we're really excited about getting this over the goal line and welcoming the MTS team to the ITW family and get to work. The one benefit is we've had a lot of time to get ourselves organized around integration planning and everything we've seen has confirmed what we saw in due diligence in terms of the raw material and how well we think this business is going to perform over the next 3,5 years plus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Just wanted to follow up on the near-term organic growth outlook. So it looks like, I think, implied volume growth year-on-year is maybe down in Q4 for ITW overall year-on-year. If you've got sort of pricing up mid-single digits. I just wanted to check that that's roughly the right way to think about it on volumes? And is that auto OE-related anything else where the volumes are soft? And how confident you feel in that overall sort of market share recapture effort?
Michael Larsen: But to answer your question, it's all automotive OEM here in Q4 with revenues down 20%. The other 6 or 7 businesses are performing like we said at a really high level combined. If you just look at the other 6 segments, organic growth is almost 10% in Q4, or projected to be 10% margins, 25% plus, similar to what they - these businesses did in Q3. And so it's really this near-term issue in auto OE that's making the numbers look a little different than what we normally do.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And then just circling back on the divestment aspect. I think you discussed acquisitions a couple of times. In the recent past, you've talked about divestments maybe being on the table next year. And certainly, we've started to see some other industrial companies divesting assets now because valuations are very, very elevated. Just wanted sort of your latest thoughts on that divestment aspects, clearly multiples are high, just wanted sort of if you are planning to wait a bit more just to let the operating profit keep growing.
Michael Larsen: Well I think this is a reminder to - so you said we pulled back on these planned divestitures right when COVID hit. That was not a good time to sell these businesses and we had a few other things going on and we really - And I think we said this, we thought these businesses would be worth more coming out the other side, and that's absolutely going to be the case, not just in terms of the underlying performance of these businesses. It's significantly better than before. And then you're right, we expect multiples have certainly gone up. And so we think that early next year will be a good time to kind of relaunch some of these processes. If you go back to when we announced this program. this plan in 2018, we've got a little less than half of the divestitures completed at this point. So we've got another $300 million to $500 million worth of businesses here, revenues that we're taking a close look at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: And Michael, good to have you back on the call. I want to just maybe ask Joe's question on a slightly different way. I know you have a multi-year contracts with the OEMs. But just given the extreme pressure on inflation, do you have any mechanism to pass along that by surcharges, et cetera? So just curious. And the spirit of my question is that if we do see volume recovering to maybe not 2022 but 2023 are we still going to be little bit under water on sort of the inflation recovery assuming you can't try to all the contracts in the .
Michael Larsen: Scott talked about the contractual nature of the industry and so it's taking a little bit longer to get those prices adjusted and it's hard for us to say as we sit here how that going to play out next year. I think what happens ultimately - and we can go back and look what happened in '18 which was the last kind of inflationary cycle and then how we got way ahead of those cost in '19 and that's eventually how this will play out. Exactly when that happens is difficult to say. I'll just bring up the point in terms of the benefit we have from not being an auto company but being a multi-industry with a high quality diversified set up businesses that are differentiated and demonstrated again this year that every business can get price when faced with some pretty unprecedented levels of inflation, and that will be no different on a go-forward basis. We'll be - I think we're really well positioned to read and react in all of our segments, and then auto will take a little bit longer. So I think maybe that's the way to think about it.
Scott Santi: Yes. Maybe just the one thing I'd add is that these are - while we talk about sort of the contractual elements of these relationships. They're also partnering with it. These are cooperative relationships. We've been partners with our customers for a long time. So I think given the environment, whether - and I don't think it's the contractual provisions that are the ultimate obstacle, it's about what's fair for both parties and each of us working together in the current environment. So I wouldn't overly - I don't know if this is word contractualize these relationships. These are long-term relationships with partners who need us and we want to do our best to serve them. And so there's - it will all be worked out.
Michael Larsen: And maybe I'll just add, the price/cost equation is one element of the margin expansion here at ITW. I mean, if you look at the volume leverage that we're getting with just a little bit of organic growth, and look at the incremental margins here, once price cost starts to settle down a little bit. And then we still have the enterprise initiatives. So. I wouldn't get too negative on the price cost side as you look into next year. And again, in February when we get together and give you guidance, we'll give you a lot more detail on this.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Karen Fletcher.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Tammy. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning for our short and efficient call, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Chris O'Herlihy - Vice Chairman Karen Fletcher - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Good morning. My name is Adam, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Adam. Good morning and welcome to ITW’s Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I’m joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and our Vice Chairman, Chris O'Herlihy. Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen is recovering from a sports related injury and is not able to participate in today’s call. We certainly wish Michael all the best and look forward to seeing him next week.  During today’s call we will discuss ITW’s second quarter financial results and update our guidance for the full year 2021. Slide two is a reminder that this presentation contains Forward-Looking Statements. We refer you to the company’s 2020 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. So please turn to slide three, and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter we saw continued recovery momentum across our portfolio, and we delivered strong operational execution and financial results.  Revenue was up 43% with organic growth up 37%. We saw double digit growth in every segment and geography. Earnings per share of $2.45 was up 143%, 108% if you exclude the one-time tax benefit of $0.35 that we recorded in the quarter.  In this strong demand environment and in the face of a very challenging supply conditions, our teams around the world leveraged our long held close to the customer manufacturing and supply chain approach, and the benefits are staying fully staffed and invested through our win and recovery positioning, to continue providing world class service levels to our customers, while also continuing to execute on our long term strategy to achieve and sustain ITWs full potential performance.  We're certainly encouraged by our organic growth momentum as order intake rates remain pretty much strong across the board, and during the second quarter we saw multiple examples of how our ability to sustain our differentiated delivery capabilities by remaining fully invested through the pandemic resulted in incremental share gain opportunities for our businesses.  While there is no doubt that the raw material supply environment is as challenging as we have experienced in a long time, maybe ever in my 38 years and ITW, we are as well positioned as we can be to continue to set ourselves apart through our ability to respond for our customers.  We worked hard over the last nine years the position ITW to deliver differentiated performance in any environment, and I have no doubt that the ITW team will continue to execute at a high level as we move to the balance of the year and beyond.  Now for some more detail on our performance in the second quarter. As I mentioned, organic growth was 37% with strong performance across our seven segments. The two segments that were hardest hit by the pandemic a year ago led the way this quarter with Automotive OEM up 84% and Food Equipment up 46%. By geography, North America was up 36% and International was up 38%, with Europe up 50% and Asia Pacific up 20%.  GAAP EPS of $2.45 was up 143% and included a one-time tax benefit of $0.35 related to the re-measurement of net deferred tax assets in the U.K. due to a change in the statutory corporate tax rate there. Excluding this item, EPS of $2.10 grew 108%. It was a Q2 record and was 10% higher than in Q2 of 2019.  Operating income increased 99% and incremental margin was 40% at the Enterprise level. Operating margin of 24.3% improved 680 basis points on strong volume leverage, along with 150 basis points of benefits from our enterprise initiatives. Year-to-date our teams have delivered robust margin expansion with incremental margins for our seven segments ranging from 37% to 48%, inclusive of price cost impact.  Speaking of price cost, price cost headwind to margin percentage in the quarter was 120 basis points. While the pace of raw material cost increases accelerated in the second quarter, our businesses have been active in implementing pricing actions in response to rising raw material costs since early in the year. Consistent with our strategy to cover raw material cost inflation with price adjustments on a dollar for dollar basis.  In Q2 we ended up just short of that goal due to some timing lags, and as a result net price cost impact reduced EPS by $0.001 in the quarter. We continue to expect price cost impact to be EPS neutral or better for the year, and I’ll come back and provide more color on the price cost environment a little later in my remarks.  In the quarter after tax, return on invested capital was a record at 30.8%. Free cash flow was $477 million with a conversion of 72% of net income on adjusted for the one-time tax benefit I mentioned earlier. And that was due to the additional working capital investments necessary to support our strong organic growth.  We continue to expect approximately 100% conversion for the full year. We repurchased 250 million of our shares this quarter as planned, and finally our tax rate in the quarter was 10.1% due to a one-time tax benefit. Excluding this item, our Q2 tax was 23%.  Now moving to slide four for an updated on price cost. We continue to experience raw material cost increases, particularly in categories such as steel, resins and chemicals. And now project raw material cost inflation at around 7% for the full year, which is almost 5 percentage points higher than what we anticipated as the year began. And just for some perspective, this is roughly 2x of what we experienced in the 2018 inflation TerraCycle.  We learned a lot from that experience and as a result of the timeliness and pace of our price recovery actions, are well ahead of where we were in 2018. As I mentioned, we expect price cost impact to be EPS neutral or better for the full year, with pricing actions more than offsetting cost increases on a dollar for dollar basis.  Price costs will continue to have a negative impact on our operating margin percentage, however in the near term as we saw in Q2 the net impact will likely be modestly higher in Q3 versus Q2 before it starts to go the other way. For the full year we expect price cost impact to be dilutive to margin by about 100 basis points, which is 50 basis points higher than where we were as of the end of Q1.  That being said, margin benefits from enterprise initiatives and volume leverage will provide us with ample ability to offset the negative affect of price cost and margin percentage, and deliver strong overall margin performance for the year. And beyond the near term price cost impact, we remain confident that we have meaningful additional structural margin improvement potential from the ongoing execution of our enterprise initiatives.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Chris for some comments on our segment performance in Q2. Chris. 
Chris O'Herlihy : Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Starting on slide five, the table on the left provided some perspectives on the growth momentum in our businesses when we look at sequential revenue from Q1 to Q2.  I would expect the pace of recovery in our Auto OEM segment has been dampened by the well-publicized shortage of semi-conductor chips, despite very strong underlying demand, and for that reason we added a role to the table to show portfolio demand trends ex-auto. Our Q2 revenue ex-auto increased 8% versus Q1. This year Q2 had one more shipping date in Q1, so on an equal day basis our Q2 versus Q1 revenue growth and ex-auto is 6%, which is 2x of our normal Q2 versus Q1 seasonality of plus 3%. In addition, we added more than $200 million of backlog in Q2. Both of these factors show that demand accelerated meaningfully in Q2 across our portfolio.  Now let’s go into a little more detail for each segment, starting with automotive OEM. Demand recovery versus prior year was most evident in this segment with 84% organic growth. This of course was against easy comps versus a year ago when most of our customers in North America and Western Europe were shut down from mid-March to mid-May. North America was up 102%, Europe was up 106% and China up 20%.  We estimate that the shortage of semiconductor chips negatively impacted our sales by about $60 million in the quarter. Operating margin of 18.8% was up 26.6 percentage points on volume leverage and enterprise initiatives. Price cost was a significant headwind of more than 200 basis points due to the long recycle time required to implement price recovery actions in this segment.  Given the ongoing semiconductor chip supply uncertainty, we now expect full year organic growth in automotive to be approximate 10% versus our original range of 14% to 18% at the beginning of the year. To be clear, this is not lost revenue, but simply delayed into next year. Furthermore, the slower than expected growth in auto is offset by strength elsewhere in the enterprise.  Please turn to slide six for Food Equipment. In Food Equipment organic revenue rebounded 46% with recovery taking hold across the board and the backlog that is up significantly versus prior year. North America was up 39% with equipment up 42% and service up 33%. Institutional revenue was up more than 30% with health care and education growth in the low to mid-30s and lodging up in the mid-20s. Restaurants were up about 60% with the largest year-over-year increases in Food Service and QSR.  Retail grew in the mid-teens and continued solid demand and new product rollouts. International recovery was also robust at 58% with Europe up 66% and Asia Pacific up 29%. Equipment sales were strong 66%, with service growth of 39%, which continued to be impacted by extended lockdowns in Europe. Operating margin was 22% with an incremental of 46%.  Test & Measurement and Electronics revenue of $606 million was a Q2 record with organic growth of 29%. Test & Measurement was up 20%, driven by solid recovery in customer CapEx spend and continued strength in semicon. Electronics grew 38%, continued strength in consumer electronics and automotive applications, and the added benefit in timing of some large equipment orders in Electronic Assembly. Operating margin of 28.1% was 240 basis points – was up 240 basis points and a Q2 record.  Moving to slide seven, welding growth was also strong in Q2 at 33%. Equipment Revenue was up 38%, and consumables growth of 25% was the time in positive territory since 2019. Our industrial business grew 52% on increased CapEx spending by our customers and the commercial business remained solid, up 26% following 17% growth in the first quarter. North America was up 38% and International growth was 13%, primarily driven by recovery in oil and gas.  Polymers & Fluids organic growth was 28%, led by our automotive aftermarket business up 33% on robust retail sales. Polymers were up 34% with continued momentum in MRO applications and heavy industries. Fluids is up 8% with North America growth in the mid-teens and European sales up low single digits. Operating margin was an all-time record of 27.3% with strong volume leverage and enterprise initiatives partially offset by price cost.  Moving to slide eight. Construction organic grew up to 28% reflected double digit growth and recovery in all three regions. North America was up 20% with 16% growth in residential renovation and with 26% growth in commercial construction.  Europe grew 61% with strong recovery versus easy comps in the UK and Continental Europe. Australia and New Zealand organic growth was 13% with continued strength in residential and commercial. Operating margin in the segment of 27.6% was up 390 basis points and was a Q2 record.  Specialty organic revenue was up 17% with North America up 15%, Europe up 24% and Asia Pacific up 14%. Our Flexible Packaging business was up mid-single digit against tougher comps than the rest of the segment. The majority of our businesses were up double digits, led by appliance up more than 50%. Consumable sales were up 19% and equipment sales up 12%.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Scott. 
Scott Santi : Thanks Chris. Let's move on to slide nine for an update on our full year 2021 guidance. We now expect full year revenue to be in the range of $14.3 billion to $14.6 billion, up 15% at the midpoint versus last year, with organic growth in the range of 11% to 13% and foreign currency translation impact of plus-3%.  This is an increase in organic growth of one percentage point at the mid-point versus the updated guidance that we provided at the end of Q1, driven largely by the incremental revenue impact of pricing actions implemented in Q2 in response to accelerating raw material cost increases.  While demand momentum accelerated in Q2 versus Q1 as we noted earlier in our presentation, we are admittedly being conservative in not projecting that forward in our guidance at this point in time, given the significant supply chain disruptions that continue to challenge many of our customers in auto and otherwise.  We are raising our GAAP EPS guidance by $0.35 to a range of $8.55 to $8.95 to incorporate the one-time tax benefit realized in the second quarter. The mid-point of 875 represents earnings growth of 32% versus last year and 13% over 2019. Factoring out the one-time Q2 tax side in the mid-point of our 2021 guidance is 10% higher than 2019.  With regard to margin percentage as discussed earlier, the incremental cost increases that we saw in Q2 will result in full year margin dilution of 100 basis points versus the 50 basis points that we project [Audio Gap] to a range of 24.5% to 25.5%, which would still be an improvement of more than 200 basis points year-over-year and an all-time record for the company. And again, we expect zero EPS impact from price cost for the full year.  We expect free cash flow conversion to be approximately 100% of net income factoring out the impact of the one-time, non-cash, tax benefit we recorded in Q2. Through the first half we have repurchase 500 million of our shares and expect to repurchase an additional 500 million in the second half. Finally we expect our tax rate in the second half to be in our usual range of 23% to 24% and for our full year tax rate of around 20%.  Lastly, today’s guidance excludes any impact from the previously announced acquisition of the MTS Test & Simulation business, which we expect to close later this year. Once that acquisition closes we’ll provide you with an update.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to you Karen. 
Karen Fletcher : Okay, thank you, Scott. Adam, lets open up the lines for questions please. 
Operator: Yes ma'am. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : Best wishes to Michael! 
Scott Santi: Thank you. He’s on short term IR, but he’ll be back next week. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : Excellent! So Scott or Chris, you mentioned the raw material cost inflation. We know when you said inflation will be as usual better for the year. Do you see the inflationary pressure stabilize enough where you can have a handle on these increases that you sort of put into the guide. So when you look at Q3 and Q4, you have confidence in your forecast. And then in ‘22 you talked about last quarter, what’s the probability that these price increases are pretty sticky so you could exceed that 35% to 40% longer term incremental you have. 
Scott Santi: Well, on the first question I think we're very confident that we will cover whatever, you know all the increases that have already been incurred and anything subsequent to that, I would not be comfortable describing the environment as stabilizing at this point, but ultimately I think we have demonstrated. We’ve looked back over the last – you know going back to 2017 and even in ‘18 and certainly this year, you know sort of on a quarterly basis worst impacts on price costs and inflationary environments have been a $0.001, you know may be $0.02 one quarter.  So I think we're fully comfortable that we’ll be able to read and react to whatever might happen from here that the EPS impact of the company will be negligible for the full year, but I think as I said, I don't – it's not based on an assumption that things are going to stabilize from here for sure. I don't think we're seeing – we’ve seen enough evidence of that and normally I’d predict things are going to continue to reach forward either. I think its wait and see. 
Chris O’Herlihy: We saw a significant pickup in the case of inflation in Q2, yeah. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : Guys maybe I could just ask the question specific to auto in the sense that you know you give us the numbers, you know now 10% for the year. I think this quarter you said 200 basis points to price risk cost. As you know there is always a lag before you can catch up there. So should we assume incremental margin is still getting a little worse before it gets better in that business, and how long would you surmise it takes to get on top of price risk costs in that business? 
Chris O’Herlihy: Well, price versus cost in auto is always going to be challenging given the, you know the nature of the industry. I would say in terms of incremental in the second quarter in auto we had a 47% incremental, an impact of 47% incremental you know for the first half of the year. So incrementals are strong in auto no double, but there is no doubt that the structure of the industry, the structure of the pricing agreements, it does take a lot longer. Hard to say how long it will take for us to catch up there with that. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : Thanks guys. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with J.P. Morgan. 
Ann Duignan: Hi! Good morning. 
A - Scott Santi: Good morning.
Ann Duignan: Maybe you could talk a little bit more about both, construction products and Test & Measurement where you said you delivered or you did deliver a record Q2 operating profit footprint. Can you talk about how sustainable those margins are going forward? Was there anything in Q2 mix or anything that we should be aware of that would result in those margins diminishing from here or are those sustainable at these levels? 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yes, so we’ll say the construction margins are very sustainable. We’ve been improving via the construction for a long time now and certainly for the last few quarters here we've been in the mid to high 20s in terms of margin and construction. So despite the price cost environment, we’re seeing nice organic growth in construction. We are getting nice price realization and so we’re then starting to expect the margins there to be sustainable.  Surely in Test and Measurement margins again you know currently in the high 20s here and have been like that for a long time. The segment that we like in terms of level of differentiation, I believe it’s our customer problems. So we don’t see any issue with sustaining margins in either Test & Measurement or Construction. 
Ann Duignan: Okay. [Cross Talk] Go ahead, sorry.
Scott Santi: I was going to add some color commentary that I think I was adding up the time when Chris was reading the comments, but I think we said all time record margins for Q2 and Q3 of our seven segments despite the price cost environment. And I’ll just circle back to a comment I made, which is you know there is still room to run in terms of structural margin improvement across the company. We got 150 basis points of enterprise initiative benefit in this quarter. So there is, you know these are certainly sustainable improvements and performance and we expect to continue to do better as we go forward. 
Ann Duignan: Okay, I’ll leave it there in the interest of time. I appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann : Hey! Good morning guy. Maybe just following up on the comment about Enterprise Initiatives, you know you're talking about I think 100 basis points for the year, but you did 150 this quarter, I think 120 if I have my number's right. Last quarter you’ve been over overachieving. Did those slow down for some reason or is there a chance that you did better than 100 this year? 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, I mean, I think we are saying 100 plus, so we will do better than 100 this year. And there's still a lot of interest on our price initiatives bought on sourcing and in ’20. You know these are all initiatives and activities that are very granular within out segments. Within each division there is a host of activity that we are working on. And actually have been working on not just this year, but even starting last year, so we entered the year with a fair bit of tailwind in terms of enterprise initiatives. So we would expect to do a 100 plus for sure. 
Stephen Volkmann : And then maybe just following up on this price cost kind of question, just curious about how you think about the policy here. I mean it doesn't feel like there's a lot of pushback on pricing in any of the kind of verticals that we touch. You know why not price $4 plus margin, you know why kind of create that headwind? 
Scott Santi: Well, I don't know. You know the headwind from my perspective is a percentage headwind, it's not an earnings headwind. You know the overall position that we wanted, we’ve created an incredibly profitable economic engine and the most important job we have is to grow it organically, and so from the standpoint of – to the extent we don't have to go up as high as other people do, we are leveraging that strong position and we can translate that into incremental share, that’s the preferred option.  I don’t want our people fighting over the next incremental. We ought to get the cost for sure, but then let’s get on to talk with our customers about how we can help them improve their business you know operationally, technically from a sales standpoint and so that’s basically it. We can certainly do more to get all distraction and try to price optimize in the short term, but I don’t think that services our long term interest very well. We make plenty money, you know this is not a...
Stephen Volkmann : Fair point, thank you. Take care. 
Operator: And your next questions from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. 
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone.
A - Scott Santi: Good morning, Jeff. 
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Could we just drill a little bit into the kind of the whole availability issue? We talked about you know price cost and obviously it's tied to the availability of supplies, but outside of auto which is very visible and obvious, are there clear places in your portfolio where either you're struggling to meet demand because of availability in your supply chain or your feeling on the customer side, perhaps you can deliver, but they don't want it, because they've got problems elsewhere down the line. Just wonder if you could give us some perspective on that, and any color on to what degree if any it may, just wondering the top line here in the quarter or into the balance of the year. 
Scott Santi: I’ll give you some overall color and then certainly let Chris giving some segment level, sort of business levels specifics if some things come to mind for him.  I would say, in terms of overall color, as we talked to our businesses around the world, there's no question that it is a daily battle that maintained supplier division as we service our customers. I would absolutely contend that we are doing better than most for a couple of reasons: One is the fact that we have long head, localized supply relationships with local manufacturing facilities, serving our customers locally. And then the other fact is what I – we talked about in our remarks, the fact that we kept all our people though the pandemic. We have not to scramble to bring people back.  So normally our supply chain manufacturing operations function in a very simple automated way. It’s definitely taking a lot more, let’s call it boot force for now, but I think we are not hearing any big issues from a standpoint of our own ability to supply our customers. It doesn't mean that there's not an occasional you know $2 bracket that shows up late and there is a couple of other machines that can’t go on just making that out, but that’s – I'm sure that’s the case, but ultimately given the service level that we are now entering, you know as a standard part of our operating practices I would say that – I’m very comfortable saying that we are working a lot harder than we normally have to, but ultimately performing pretty well.  I would say that the supply chain area beyond auto is much more of an issue for us on the demand side than the supply side and I’d point to a couple of things, but we are seeing a lot of sort of timing changes in terms of orders and requirements, not because we can't deliver something, but because another supplier can deliver something to a customer. And I’d also points to the $200 million of backlog, and we've talked about this before.  You know we should – basically today is what our customers ordered yesterday and so we operate with very little backlog and the fact that we built a couple of hundred million of backlog, I can’t analyze every dollar of it, but my contention would be that that's a lot more to do the – for the customer delays than it is our own ability to supply.  And with that we’ll see the $60 million in auto plus the $200 million in backlog, that’s another 10 percentage points of organic growth in the second quarter. You know again, I’m not necessarily contending that all of it could have gone, but my bet would be most of it and that’s the only thing… [Cross Talk]
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, it’s the only thing I would say is just our, this cost comps, I think all over its going to be 18-24, because here it really creates a lot of the packages for us in terms of more sort of simplified and streamlined cost offerings. Obviously it results in simplification of raw materials and components and that simplification and focus also extends to our suppliers.  The key part of our strategy and its worked for us for many years is to have these you know very strong and long lasting supplier partnerships and we are a key customer for most of our raw material suppliers. This becomes really, really important when supply chains become constrained and releasing that work to our benefit here in the last 12 months.
Jeff Sprague: Great! And just a second question. Just on the M&A pipeline, obviously you don't have the deal until you've got something to do it now. But you know can you give us a sense of how active your pipeline is? Have you been able to cultivate things, you know maybe handicap the odds of some of the things kind of coming in your strike zone? 
Scott Santi: Well, I would tell you that we are excited about MPS. We are working hard to get that one finished off and you know that is what's kind of $50 million of annualized revenue, so that’s you know certainly enough work to do for a little while anyway. I don’t want to unnecessarily comment on the pipeline as much as to say we remain and will remain very interested in adding high quality businesses to the company, but so the timing of all that is always a subject of the quality of what opportunities present themselves.  So there’s a lot of stuff going on, but it’s not a matter of how big or small the pipeline is; it's more we're looking for a much narrower set of criteria than I think, so it's more a function of the quality of what’s there than the quantity. 
Jeff Sprague: Okay, understood, thanks. I’ll pass this on. 
Operator: And your next question comes from a line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
A - Scott Santi: Good morning Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So I know that, I know you guys guide to organic growth trends, you know really not improving or declining and that’s your power house, that’s just in your policy going forward. I guess when I think about each of the different segments and how you're thinking about the sequentials from here, I don't really think about a lot of seasonality in your business, but maybe perhaps the construction business right, being a little bit seasonally weak during the fourth quarter. How are you thinking about sequential revenue for the segments throughout the rest of the year? We see obviously you've given us the auto guide, but really the other segments? 
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, you know I covered that I think overall in my comments, but you know we have sort of camped down the run rate that you know in terms of the guidance relative to run rate. You know Chris talked to you about the fact that in the second quarter we saw organic growth rates accelerate by a net 3 percentage points of beyond seasonality, and we basically did project that signal manning forward through the balance of the year because of the supply risk involved, the supply chain risk to our customers, so we’re playing that pretty conservative. And I think that ultimately is going to have more to do with the pace of the organic from here than you know trends of demand. There’s plenty of demand out there. It’s a matter of can our customers get enough raw material to support it. 
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And maybe Scott just following on that, like is there – you know you had mentioned about involving the Food Equipment business. Is it like where you're building backlog right now, is that – are you seeing that as more kind of like a 2022 opportunity, just given what you're seeing from a supply chain standpoint or does he expect some of that to convert in the second half. 
Scott Santi: I'd say some of it is to convert. I think the only one you know that's probably you know definitely into 2022 is the loan that Chris mentioned and not where this, you know this dip sort of doesn’t look like it's going to get resolved any time soon. But I'd say most of the – the rest of that backlog, that $200 million, I would expect that to – given our customers can take it, because they can get the other components of things they need, that should certainly convert in the back half.  I think our – you know it just doesn't make sense to up the revenue guide when you know everyone is so supply constrained right now. That I can't say it any more simply than that and that's how we see how things play out. It just doesn’t make sense to take things too far from where they are now in terms of run rate until we see how that all – how the supply issues play out in affecting our customers willingness to, you know the ability to take what they’ve ordered from us and with more. But I would say it is definitely you know from simpler border rates and the overall demand is definitely enough there to do you know well better than what's in our guide is this pricing situation. It's you know significantly better from here forward. 
Joe Ritchie: Okay, yeah – no, that's helpful. I guess maybe one follow-up on price cost. I know we talked about it a little bit. You did mention that 3Q is expected to get a little bit worse from 2Q because they’ll be put through some pricing actions in 2Q. So on this I guess I’m just wondering, does this take a little bit of time for some of the pricing actions to take hold or why would the headwind get worse than 3Q?
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah Joe, I mean the only reason it’s getting worse in Q3 is because of the pace of inflation in Q2. We saw significant pick-up in pace in Q2 and obviously there’s a little bit of a lag, so we see a little bit of a worsening in Q3 based on what we know today, based on the cost increases we see and the known price increases, we see a little worsening in Q3 from Q2, only on the base of the pace of inflation in Q2. 
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you both. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Hey! I guess just two questions, one following up on the revenue outlook. Understanding why you’d guide sort of conservatively, but is there any way you can help us understand just what you're seeing in terms of percentage increases on the order intake rate, like by segment just to help us sort of understand what's out there, and to what degree are you concerned? Is there any sort of double ordering that's happening as customers are worried they can't get stuff? And then I guess my follow-up question, obviously the organic growth is performed very stronger. There's particular segments or customers where you are more sort of confident that some of these, you know this organic growth is associated with you know market share wins that are actually you know sort of sustainable from here on. Thank you.
Chris O’Herlihy: So in terms of you know acceleration of organic growth, you know we're seeing it. Obviously we talked about all our work, it's going in a different way, but certainly in Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, electronics and welding you know are certainly growing faster than we expected earlier in the year, so we’re seeing a nice acceleration there.  And you know we have no reason to believe that it's not sustainable based on our conversation with our customers, the order patterns and so on and you know obviously as we want to talk about the factor – it’s already busy here in terms of this winged recovery initiative you know over the last 12 months and you know it is still kind of early to quantify this.  We’re feeling pretty good about how we’re positioned and we – as you know we're very intentionally remain fully staffed to serve our customers, protect the investments and people and in addition to the customer backed innovation and suite of excellent and certainly there’s a lot of anecdotal evidence out there that would say that that is turning into share gains and if I ever just maybe highlight some, get the sort of examples and like sort of equipment where you know high level product availability, maintaining service level excellence as Scott talked about and being able to respond in supply where a competitor could not is enabling several share gain and incremental wins from competition in large chains, both in food service and food retail.  Another example might be in farmers [ph] influence, automotive aftermarket. Staying invested here we will sustain our sales and innovation focus, coupled with high service levels means we grew as I mentioned in the commentary, automotive aftermarket grew by 33% in the quarter and this is well above customer point sales growth indicating that we are getting share in a meaningful way. And in our measurements and construction in our roofing businesses, in association of 45% in the quarter, again we’d see very clearly we're gaining share there on competition who have certainly been supply chain and operationally constrained, extending delivery times and so on and we continue to maintain differentiated service levels. So again, somewhat anecdotal, somewhat early in the window recovery strategy, but certainly ample evidence that we seem to be regaining share, and these are just a small selection of illustrative examples of tech products that we’re making across our seven segments. 
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you. Anything on the order intake if you can share with us just what you're seeing, that you saw that by segment. 
A - Scott Santi: You know we saw in acceleration the three segments that I mentioned in… [Cross Talk]. 
Jamie Cook: I was just trying to get numbers. You know I mean if you can’t, that’s fine.
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, orders pretty much equalize shipments for last because of what I said, you know what we – what – our customers’ orders we shipped the next day, I would say that also your closer to about – I think you used the term double dip ordering in terms of customers trying to hedge you know orders more because they can’t get supply. I actually can’t say that we’re not seeing any of that, but I would say that it would be much lower for us because of the fact that our service levels are so good and our customers understand you know in terms of orders shipped.  So you know some maybe certainly ordering more than they would normally, because they are concerned about things, but I will think that even in terms of our service levels we wouldn’t – there wouldn’t be anything – that wouldn’t be a significant part of the overall demand picture for us.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning and best wishes to Michael, hoping he gets a speedy recovery.
Scott Santi: Thanks Nigel.
Nigel Coe: That’s okay. I want to go back to the supply constraint. Where are you kind of most – and I thought of automotive which was predictable, but where are you most concerned? I’m thinking about maybe electronics perhaps tools you know with the barriers, but what are you monitoring most closely in terms of not just for Illinois Tool Works but for your, you know your supply chain, which business or geography are you most concerned?0
A - Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, I would say electronics in general you know have been fairly constrained, so that impacts segments like well in Food Equipment, Test & Measurement and electronics will be one that I would call out. The [inaudible] obviously has been across the board in terms of steel, resins, chemicals and electronics, but in terms of supply chain constrains, electronics and certainly you know steel related business.
Scott Santi: But beyond that I don't think there's anything that really concentrates up. You know I think again the color from our businesses, you know it's something different every day, but you know it’s not a – you now it takes a lot more work and it's not even the big dollar stuff. It's again the $2 bracket, but it is a real offer right now, significantly more than… [Cross Talk]
Nigel Coe: And then [inaudible] the two best offices because of the high volume service plan. I wouldn’t think it could have created a big issue for you, but maybe address those two points and because that you know it could change very quickly, so I’m just wondering you know what impact from the spot purchases and the 3x betting. 
Scott Santi: Spot purchases, if you can explain that a little more Chris.
A - Chris O’Herlihy: I think given another company would purchase them with some hedges…
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, we don’t have it and we don’t forward by. So you know everything – the current costs are flushing through right now, yeah.
Chris O’Herlihy: And the second part of your question is I think related to freight and logistics, is that correct? And so with freight and logistics, I mean obviously there's no impact for us, but I don’t see a less of an impact than some of our peers maybe on the basis that the produce what we sell – the produce and so what we sell, the philosophy that we’ve long had that certainly mitigated the impact of freight and logistics on our cost structure and availability. 
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning guys. 
A - Scott Santi: Good morning Scott.
Scott Davis: Hope Mike feels better. There must be a good story, backstory to the sports injury. 
Scott Santi: It’s his to tell. 
Scott Davis: Hopefully he didn’t join some sort of football team or something, you know the over 50 football team. Anyways, I only have one question. It’s just on MTS. When you bring in MTS, how do you – how do you cadence 80/20? You know I mean how do you bring in a deal of this size, kind of bring 80/20 in without really disrupting it. Is there kind of a playbook there you guys can walk through and help us understand?
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, absolutely Scott. So obviously you know we’ve completely reinvigorated 80/20 of the last two years with this front to back process and the fact that we – the process that we will employ on MTS is exactly the same process that we have employed on our 84 divisions across the company.  So we can’t really decide on what to do, we can’t really decide on how to do it and we can’t really decide on what the outcome should be when we get it done properly. Coupled with the fact that we’ve built a tremendous amount of capability in the company, our folks can go in and help you know guide MTS on the 80/20 journey.  So we feel very confident in the playbook, we feel very confident in our capability. We think the raw material in MTS are fantastic with respect to 80/20 opportunity, that’s one of the key attractions for us and when we bought it. The other thing I’d say is that we got a very similar business in our portfolio, in Test & Measurements and this time where we’ve done this successfully before. So we are very confident that we can do this and do this successfully. 
Scott Santi: [Cross Talk] It’s probably a three to five years process, and part of that is not disrupting the business. 
Chris O’Herlihy: It’s really the pace that makes sense, we are in no rush here. 
Scott Davis: Okay, super helpful. Good luck! Thank you. 
Scott Santi: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre with Baird. 
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Going back to your comments on pricing, obviously a lot changed over the past three months and can you maybe clarify for us what impact pricing had to your adjustment, to the overall organic growth guidance?
Scott Santi: For the year?
Mig Dobre: Yes, please, thanks. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's 1%. 
Mig Dobre: Okay, I'm presuming then that.
Chris O’Herlihy: That was the 1% we added to organic, yeah. 
Mig Dobre: Okay, that's kind of what I figured, but I just wanted to confirm. So you know if this is impacting the back half of the year primarily, then at lease presumably you’ll have a couple of points of growth just from pricing in the back half.  If I look at the implied guidance, credits, the high-end we are talking about growing something like 7% organically, a couple of points of that is just your incremental price, and I mean look Scott, you were talking earlier, saying hey, I'm trying to take a conservative approach here, but at least to me when I'm adjusting out for this pricing element and I think about the comparisons that are still you know fairly easy relative to the prior year, it just strikes me that you really are being conservative here in terms of how you're thinking about your business progression on a fixed price, on a core basis.  So just to kind of clarify this, is it that there’s some lack of clarity as to where maybe demand is going to be because of what's happening with the supply chain, or is it that you're having some second thoughts with regards to how you're going to be able to convert revenue given your, some of the destruction that you're having to deal with. 
Scott Santi: It’s the former not the latter, if I understand you correctly. Taking a risk for us by far is customer supply chain, and what that does to their demand patterns from here on out.  It is – as I said before, it's about as volatile of a situation as I've seen in my career at ITW, and so I don't – I'm not trying to be mysterious about it. I think until we see that start to stabilize, it’s just really hard to be comfortable sort of raising – I know we are serving the demand we have today really well and sort of run rate from the standpoint that our customers are able to sustain, and I think we are comfortable continuing to – our ability to do that will continue on for the back half.  There is a lot more orders and a lot more demand and that’s again why we built backlog, that’s – there is not a demand question. If we had, we – our customers had sort of unimpaired supply chains right now, we would have probably had 10 more points in the second quarter on this. It’s not a fact, that’s just my opinion.  But you know just looking at the backlog, and so I think demand is certainly much stronger right now given the pace of the recovery, it’s just the matter off from the standpoint of all the supply chain issues and the risks for our customers. Their pace of being able to – you know what they ultimately need from us. As I said it’s just hard to justify going up with a lot of confidence from here, but it’s more their supply side than their demand side, if that makes sense. 
Mig Dobre: Yeah, I think it does. The follow up to all of this is that we're starting to think about 2022 and you know if we're using your framework for the back half of ‘21 as a starting point and thinking about 2022. It begs the question as to how well growth is likely to look like next year, right, because there’s nothing we can do when pricing normalizes next year, so you won't have the kind of tailwinds you have this year on that. 
Scott Santi: We are not thinking about ‘22 much yet, but I would just you know say as a general rule, a lot of the supply chain disruption I think just pushes, adds to the duration of the recovery. I think there is plenty of business now, and because all of it can't be satisfied, a point of demand now and Chris will gave an example of auto.  This $60 million we couldn't ship in audio in the second quarter, that's not going away, that’s just getting pushed out. We got dealer inventories at all-time lows, you know I forget what it was, less than a month, maybe less than a month I think I saw you know and so to the extent, I don't think it's necessarily the worst thing in the world that all this demand that’s there right now can’t be fully serviced, because it’s going to allow us to – again this recovery duration gets extended by another two to four quarters maybe. We’ll think harder about that as we get to that part of the year. 
Mig Dobre: Okay, that's helpful. Lastly from me, on the top of M&A you talked about portions of your business that you consider for divestiture before, that you’ve taken a step back on that this year. I'm sort of curious as activity has picked up multiples are pretty good. Will you reconsider this at a point of time down the like, maybe 2022? 
Scott Santi: Yes. 
Mig Dobre: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from a line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi! Good morning. Maybe just a first question – good morning. Maybe just a first question around the free cash flow. I don’t think that’s been touched on yet. You know your inventories and receivables are up each sort of 100 million plus sequentially. Just wondered how you see working capital playing out in the second half and what we should think about that as a sort of cash flow item for the year as a whole.  And also sort of more broadly on the CapEx side of things, you know how much is your CapEx coming up this year and have you revised at all your sort of median term CapEx planning assumptions because of these constraints? 
Scott Santi: I think the best way to model our working capital requirements is our months on-hand and days sales outstanding. Sort of we managed the metrics on those. Generally speaking months on hand runs roughly 2.5 months, DSO I can’t remember off the top of my head, but whatever the average is, 60-ish maybe, so that’s where [inaudible] going to go.  Sales go up, month on hand is not going to go up, but the dollars invested, so today we stated that month on hand id going to go up. The same with receivables in terms of DSO. So it’s not a – it’s something that happens automatically. We don’t have to sort of force that to happen, but as sales go up, inventory is going to go up and the month on hand is a function of that’s how 80/20 works. There is some element of it, that give us you know we want X amount of inventory to be able to product the ability to react and respond to our customers, you know order today shipped tomorrow kind of system.  So I think that’s the best guidance I can give you on working capital. It’s just not let through and whether that’s cash flow, it’s not going to be – you know when you are jumping up as much as we did in Q2, where Q1 is going to obviously require some incremental working capital.  And then the other question, I’m sorry, I’m trying to do my best Michael impersonation here as I can, so I’m trying to think hard. 
Julian Mitchell: No, no it was just around the capital spending and sort of the rate of [Cross Talk] 
Scott Santi: So CapEx, I think the plan for the year was up like $300 million or so. 
Karen Fletcher: $300 million is our target. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, for the year. So there is no incremental CapEx. We did differ some incremental capacity investments last year because of the pandemic, we didn’t need them. Those are certainly all coming back on, but those are – you know we operate with another element of 80/20 as we want to be front end loaded on capacity, that’s how we serve our customers. So as business continues to go forward, we will continue to invest and stay in that sort of increment, you know meaningful increment ahead of current demand, but that wouldn’t be again something out of the normal of what we always do and it wouldn’t be some big sort of lump coming through. 
Julian Mitchell: That’s clear, thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on the auto OEM margins. Is the point that, you know after that step down sequentially in Q2, there is sort of 19%-ish level is a good base line or flow in the current sort of demand and cost environment. And so from here they move up sort of slowly given what’s going, but 19 is where they should have bottomed out for now. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, that’s a fair assumption. But we are seeing a bottom out here and I think it will be a slow recovery, based on what we are seeing today, a slow recovery from here on out. 
Scott Santi: You must remember prior peak margins in auto, because it was probably 23 maybe. And so, there is still lot of item recovery to go in auto from where we were then and so I’d say low to mid-20s is certainly achievable over time. 
Julian Mitchell: Thank you very much. 
Scott Santi: Sure.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel Tiss: Hey there! Scott, you shouldn’t be so hard on yourself. I think you guys sound a little less annoyed by how dumb all our questions are than usually. 
Scott Santi: Now you know where the [inaudible] of the group is. 
Joel Tiss: So, I have like one topic and just two different angles on it. One, can you give us any sense if you think the food industry is kind of distracted with all the consolidation that's going on? And then can we have a little more color on kind of what customers are back? You know our large pieces of your end markets still not really there; I'm thinking like airports and cafeterias and things like that. Can you just give us a little more, a little more detail around sort of the share gains and where the customers are? Thank you. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yes, so I don’t know about this distraction from consolidation. I can tell you we are not distracted and we are basically focused on trying to win the recovery here, serve the needs of our customers with innovate new products and so on. So generally I think we're seeing some real nice recovery in food faster than actually than we thought at the beginning of the year. We are certainly seeing the benefit of staying invested in food.  Even obviously on price cost, in fact there’s some uncertainly, but obviously that’s – some of that relates to the fact that the price cost environment, some of these are pricing actions here in the second half.  We’re concerned about the end markets. I mean basically with food, we are back to about – by the end of this year we expected back over 90% of the 2019 number, so faster than we though. And in terms of end markets, we are seeing a nice pickup in instructional, restaurants coming back, we mentioned restaurants being up 60%.  In terms of stuff that’s coming back a little slower, I would say service if we point to serve in Europe as an example. Obviously with significantly lockdowns we are still dealing with over there, we’ll probably come back a little slower there, but at least for the half. We think we’ll see that pick up here in the second half, but generally most end markets are coming back. Lodging is a little slower I would say and transportation, right and airlines. 
Scott Santi: Transportation, for sure.
Joel Tiss: That’s great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn it back over to Karen. 
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thanks Adam. We appreciate you joining us this morning and if you have any follow-up questions, please let me know. Have a great day! 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW’s First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I’m joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we will discuss ITW’s first quarter financial results and update our guidance for full-year 2021. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains Forward-Looking Statements. We refer you to the Company’s 2020 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen. Good morning, everyone. In Q1, we saw continued improvement in both the breadth and pace of the recovery, with six of our seven segments delivering strong growth in the quarter, with revenue increases at the segment level ranging from 6% to 13%, and that is with one less shipping day in Q1 of this year versus last year. At the enterprise level, organic growth was plus 6% in Q1 or plus 8% on an equal days basis, and that was despite the fact that our Food Equipment segment was still down 10% in the quarter. The fundamental strength of our 80/20 front-to-back business system and the skill and dedication of our people around the world, combined with the Win the Recovery actions that we initiated over the course of the past year allowed us to meet our customers’ increasing needs while at the same time delivering strong profitability leverage, as evidenced by our 19% earnings growth, 45% incremental margins and 120 basis points of margin benefits from our enterprise initiatives in the quarter. Despite rising raw material costs and a tight supply chain environment, we maintained our world-class service levels to our customers while also establishing several all-time Q1 performance records for the company, including earnings per share of $2.11, operating income of $905 million at an operating margin of 25.5%. Based on our first quarter results and our normal practice of projecting current demand rates through the balance of the year, we are adjusting our 2021 guidance. For the full-year, we now expect organic growth of 10% to 12%, operating margin in the range of 25% to 26% and EPS of $8.20 to $8.60 per share, which at the $8.40 midpoint represents 27% earnings growth versus last year. At the midpoint of our revised guidance, 2021 full-year revenues would be up 1% versus 2019 and EPS would be up 9%. Now stating the obvious, there is still a lot of ground to cover between now and the end of the year, and the near-term environment is certainly not without its challenges. That being said, I have no doubt that we are well positioned to respond to whatever comes our way as we move through the remainder of the year and to continue to deliver differentiated performance in 2021 and beyond. And with that, I will turn the call over to Michael to provide more detail on the quarter and our updated guidance. Michael.
Michael Larsen: Alright. Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. The solid demand momentum we had coming out of the fourth quarter continued to gain strength across a broad cross-section of our business portfolio in Q1. Our operating teams around the world responded to our customers’ increasing needs, as they always do, and delivered revenue growth of 10%. Organic growth of 6% was the highest organic growth rate for ITW in almost 10-years. And as Scott mentioned, Q1 had one less day this year. And on an equal days basis, organic revenue grew 8%. Organic growth was positive across all major geographies, with China leading the way with 62%, North America was up 4% and Europe grew 1%. Relative to Q4, the new trend that emerged in Q1 was a meaningful pickup in demand in our CapEx-driven equipment businesses, Test & Measurement and Electronics, which grew 11%; and Welding, which grew 6%. GAAP EPS of 2.11 was up 19% and an all-time EPS record for continuing operations. Operating leverage was a real highlight this quarter with incremental margins of 45% as operating income grew 19% year-over-year. Operating margins improved to 25.5% in the quarter, an increase of almost 200 basis points as a result of volume leverage and a continued strong contribution of 120 basis points from our enterprise initiatives, partially offset by the margin impact of price cost. Excluding the third quarter of 2017, which had the benefit of a onetime legal settlement, operating margin of 25.5% was our highest quarterly margin performance ever. As you know, supply chains around the world are under significant pressure, and ITW’s operating teams certainly had to deal with their fair share of supply challenges and disruptions in the quarter. By leveraging our produce where we sell supply chain strategy, our proprietary 80/20 front-to-back business system and supported by the fact that we were fully staffed for this uptick in demand due to our window recovery initiative, we were able to maintain our normal service levels to our customers. And once again, our ability to deal with the impact of some pretty meaningful supply chain challenges and disruptions and still take care of our customers, with strong levels of profitability, speaks to the quality of the execution at ITW. In the quarter, we experienced raw material cost increases, particularly in categories such as steel, resins and chemicals. And across the company, our operating teams have already initiated pricing plans and actions that will offset all incurred as well as known but not yet incurred raw material cost increases on a dollar per dollar basis, as per our usual process. As a result, price cost is expected to be EPS-neutral for the year. As you know, given our high-margin profile, offsetting cost increases with price on a dollar per dollar basis causes some modest dilution of our operating margin percentage and our incremental margin percentage in the near-term. In Q1, for example, our operating margin was impacted 60 basis points due to price costs. And our incremental margin would actually have been 52%, not 45%, if it wasn’t for this impact from price costs. For the balance of the year and embedded in our guidance are all known raw material increases and the corresponding pricing actions that have either already been implemented or will be. Again, EPS-neutral for the full-year. At this early stage in the recovery, our 25.5% operating margins are already exceeding our pre-COVID operating margins. Four of the seven segments delivered operating margin of around 28% or better in Q1, with one segment, welding, above 30% in a quarter for the first time ever. I think it says a lot of our operating teams, that when faced with the challenges of the global pandemic, they stayed focused on our long-term enterprise strategy and continue to make progress towards our long-term margin performance goal of 28% plus. After-tax return on capital was a record 32.1%. And free cash flow was solid at $541 million with a conversion of 81% of net income, in line with typical seasonality for Q1. We continue to expect 100% plus conversion for the full-year. As planned, we repurchased 250 million of our shares this quarter, and the effective tax rate was 22.4%, slightly below prior year. So in summary, the first quarter was solid for ITW with broad-based organic growth of 6%, strong profitability leverage, 19% earnings growth, 45% incremental profitability and record operating margin and EPS performance. So please turn to Slide 4 for the segment performance. And the information on the left side of the page summarizes the organic revenue growth rate versus prior year by segment for Q1 this year compared to Q4 last year. And it illustrates the broad-based demand recovery that we are seeing in our businesses. And obviously, there is a positive impact as the easier comparisons begin on a year-over-year basis. With the exception of Automotive OEM, every segment had a higher organic growth rate in Q1 than they did in Q4, and six of our seven segments delivered strong organic growth in the quarter, with double-digit growth in Construction Products, and Test & Measurement and Electronics, which were also the most improved segments in this sequential view, going from down 3% in Q4 to up 11% in Q1. Welding improved eight percentage points, growing 6% in Q1, providing further evidence that the industrial CapEx recovery is beginning to take hold as visibility and confidence is coming back. At the enterprise level, ITW’s organic growth rate went from down 1% in Q4 to up 6%. And I would just highlight that this is 6% organic growth with one of our segments, Food Equipment, while on its way to recovery is still down 10% year-over-year. As we go through the segment slides, you will see that this robust organic growth, combined with strong enterprise initiative impact, contributed to some pretty strong operating margin performance in our segments. So let’s go into a little more detail for each segment, starting with our Automotive OEM. And the demand recovery in the fourth quarter continued this quarter with organic growth of 8% and total revenue growth of 13%. North America revenue was down 2% as customers continue to adjust their production schedules in response to the well-publicized shortage of certain components, including semiconductor chips. We estimate this impacted our Q1 sales by about $25 million, and it is likely to continue to impact our revenues to the tune of about $50 million in Q2 and another $50 million in the second half of the year. As you can appreciate, the situation is obviously pretty fluid, but as we sit here today, that is our best estimate, and that is also what we embedded in our updated guidance. Looking past the near-term supply chain issues affecting the auto industry, we are pretty optimistic about the medium-term growth prospects as consumer demand remains strong and dealer inventories are very low by historical standards. By region, North America being down in Q1 was more than offset by Europe, which was up 4%, and China up 58%. And finally, the team delivered solid operating margin performance of 24.1%, an improvement of 320 basis points. Please turn to Slide 5 for Food Equipment. So revenue was down 7%, with organic revenue down 10%, but like I said, much improved versus Q4. And there are solid signs that demand is beginning to recover, as evidenced by orders picking up and a backlog that is up significantly versus prior year. Overall, North America was down 6%, with equipment down only 1% as compared to a 22% decline in Q4. Institutional, which represents about 35% of our North American equipment business was down 7%, with healthcare about flat and education is still down about 10%. Restaurants, which represents 25% of our equipment business, was down in the mid-teens, with full-service restaurants down about 30%, but fast casual up low single digits. Retail, which is now 25% of the business, was up more than 20% as a result of strong demand and new product rollouts. International was down 15% and is really a tale of two regions. As you would expect, Europe was down 22% due to COVID-19-related lockdowns. And on the other hand, Asia Pacific was up 44%, with China up 99%. Overall equipment sales were down 4% and service down 19%. Test & Measurement and Electronics delivered revenue growth of 14% with 11% organic growth. Test & Measurement was up 7% with continued strength in semiconductors and healthcare end markets now supplemented by strengthening demand in the capital equipment businesses as evidenced by the Instron business growing 12%. The electronics business grew 16%, with strong demand for team room technology products, automotive applications and consumer electronics. Operating margin of 28.4% was up 330 basis points. Moving to Slide 6. As I mentioned earlier, we saw a strong sequential improvement in Welding as the segment delivered organic growth of 6%, the highest growth rate in almost three-years. The commercial business, which serves smaller businesses and individual users, usually leads the way in a recovery, and Q1 was their third quarter in a row with double-digit growth, up 17% this quarter. The industrial business continued its sequential improvement trend and was down only 1% with customer CapEx spend picking up and backlogs building. Overall, equipment sales were up 10% and consumables were flat versus prior year. North America was up 7%. And international growth of 4% was primarily driven by recovery in China and some early signs of demand picking up in oil and gas. Solid volume leverage and enterprise initiatives contributed to a record margin performance of 30.3%, which, as I said, marked the first time an ITW segment delivered operating margins above 30%. Polymers & Fluids delivered organic growth of 9%, with polymers up 16%, driven by strength in MRO applications particularly for heavy industries. The automotive aftermarket business continued to benefit from strong retail sales with organic growth of 9%, while fluids, which has a larger presence in Europe was down 1%. Operating margin benefited from solid volume leverage and enterprise initiatives to deliver margins of 25.7%. Moving to Slide 7. Construction was the fastest-growing segment this quarter with organic growth of 13%. North America was up 12%, with continued strong demand in residential renovation and in the home center channel. Commercial construction, which is only about 15% of our U.S. sales, was up 3%. European sales grew 19% with double-digit growth in the U.K. and Continental Europe. Australia and New Zealand grew 7%, with strength in both residential and commercial markets. Operating margin of 27.6% was an improvement of 420 basis points. Specialty revenues were up 10% with organic revenue of 7% and positive growth in all regions. North America was up 6%; Europe, up 5%; and Asia Pacific was up 24%. Demand for consumer packaging remained solid at 6%. So please turn to Slide 8 for an update on our full-year 2021 guidance. And per our usual process, and with the caveat that we are only one quarter into the New Year and a significant number of uncertainties and challenges are still in front of us, we are raising our guidance on all key performance metrics, including organic growth, operating margin and EPS. In doing so, we have obviously factored in our solid Q1 results. And per our usual process, we are projecting current levels of demand exit in Q1, into the future and addressing them for typical seasonality. And as discussed, we have made an allowance for the estimated impact of semiconductor chip shortages on our Auto OEM customers. The outcome of that exercise is an organic growth forecast of 10% to 12% at the enterprise level. This compares to a prior organic growth guidance of 7% to 10%. Foreign currency at today’s exchange rates adds two percentage points to revenue for total revenue growth forecast of 12% to 14%. As you saw, we are off to a strong start on operating leverage and enterprise initiatives, and we are raising our operating margin guidance by 100 basis points to a new range of 25% to 26%, which incorporates all known raw material cost increases and the corresponding pricing actions. Relative to 2020, our 2021 operating margins of 25% to 26% are 250 basis points higher at the midpoint and they are almost 150 basis points higher than our pre-COVID 2019 operating margins of 24.1% as we continue to make progress towards our long-term performance goal of 28% plus, as I mentioned earlier. Our incremental margins for the full-year are expected to be above our typical 35% to 40% range. Finally, we are raising our GAAP EPS guidance by $0.60 and or 8% to a new range of $8.20 to $8.60. The new midpoint of $8.40 represents an earnings growth rate of 27% versus prior year and a 9% increase relative to pre-COVID 2019 EPS of $7.74. A few final housekeeping items to wrap it up, with no changes to: one, the forecast for free cash flow; two, our plan to repurchase approximately $1 billion of our own shares; and three, our expected tax rate of 23% to 24%. As per usual process, our guidance is for the core business only and excludes the previously announced acquisition of the MTS Test & Simulation business. The process to close the acquisition by mid-year remains on-track. And once the acquisition closes, we will provide an update. As we have said before, we do not expect a material financial impact to earnings in 2021. So in summary, a quarter of quality execution in a challenging environment, and as a result, we are off to a solid start to the year. So with that, Karen, I will turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Michael. Christie, let’s open up the lines for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Hi congratulations on a nice quarter. Two questions obviously, the organic growth that you saw in the quarter was fairly strong. I’m just trying to understand how much of it is sort of just end markets recovering versus sort of structural market share gains that ITW has been able to achieve? I guess that is my first question, if you can help us on that. And then my second question, the incrementals that you are putting up, the 45%, and then 52% if we adjust for price cost. This is above your targeted range with supply with COVID, costs and inefficiencies and things like that, I’m just wondering if we should rethink, at some point, your targeted incrementals? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Okay, Jamie. So I think on the first one, it is a little too early to tell. I mean I think we certainly feel very good about how we are positioned with our Win the Recovery strategy and the fact that we stayed invested, giving us the ability to capture market share as we have talked about. So I think it is a little too early to tell how much of that growth in Q1 is really market versus market share gains. And I will just add to that, we have also seen an uptick from the contribution of our customer-back innovation efforts. And so again, that is a result of being able to stay invested in those. And then I would point to our supply chain and our ability to maintain our service levels, where maybe others are struggling a little bit more. So I think anecdotally, there are certainly lots of evidence, if you were to ask our divisions and our segments that we are picking up share. And again, we are going after sustainable, high-quality, profitable market share gains, not opportunistic. And so we feel really good about the start to the year on account of those things. I think on the incrementals, I agree with you, that was a real bright spot, significantly above our normal range of 35% to 40%. At these early stages in the recovery, we expect to be able to maintain the incrementals above the typical range. So 40% plus is what we are planning for and also embedded in our guidance, as you saw today. If you do the math, that is where you end up. I think it is a little premature to update kind of the long-term incremental margin expectations. I think we are comfortable with kind of long-term in the 35% to 40% range. We are certainly making a lot of improvement to the cost structure of the company. But let’s revisit that at a later stage in terms of what we think the long-term incrementals might be on a go-forward basis. For now, if you think kind of beyond this year, I would still stick to the kind of the 35% to 40%.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you and congratulations.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Impressive. Scott, I was wondering if you could just update us on what you are thinking on M&A. Obviously, you got this MTS deal coming. I’m sure you could have taken a shot on goal at well build if you wanted to get passed there. Maybe just how you see the pipeline kind of going out this year. And I understand these things are always kind of idiosyncratic and have their own timing. But do you see a likelihood that the pace of activity on M&A could be picking up for you over the next six to 12-months?
Scott Santi: Well, I think we are really happy with the MTS acquisition, that we have got some work to do, obviously, just to get it closed. All of it is basically standard, new team. But that is I think a great example of where I think acquisitions supplement our core growth focus, which is really owning great businesses that deliver great value to their customers and that we can grow organically. And MTS certainly adds and supplements our capabilities in terms of the Test & Measurement space and our ability to do so. I’m not going to comment on your specific reference or any other deals that others have announced recently, but I would say that we - our appetite for additional MTS-light deals remains certainly strong. I can’t remember exactly the term used, Jeff, but I think the phrase opportunistic is the right way to think about it. It is a combination of, ultimately, what we are interested in doing, what fits with the availability of assets that fit that profile. And that includes both their strategic attributes, the attributes that they offer in terms of our ability to improve their inherent financial performance and all at a value that we think makes sense for us and our shareholders and in terms of return on not just the capital, but the time, effort and energy that we are going to expend. So that is sort of the generic strategic narrative around it. My personal view is I absolutely think, on average, one to three MTS kinds of deals a year seems to be a reasonable - something that absolutely is achievable. We are not going to try to sort of force a deal every year on that. So some years are going to be zero because the circumstances are not going to present - the circumstances that we are looking for are not going to present themselves. But I think there is lots of room for other similar kinds of deals to be additive to what we are doing in a relatively consistent way over, let’s say, the 5-year period. I think I will stop there.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thanks. I appreciate that. And also just wondering, outside of auto, which is kind of plain to see, Ford announcements and everything else. Are you seeing these sorts of - it sounds like your own supply chain, you are feeling pretty good about, but other things going on at customer levels that may cause top line disruption to you over the balance of the year?
Scott Santi: I think it is hard to project the balance of the year. I would say, for sure, in the second quarter, there are broader issues than just automotive at play. And I would also say that it is absolutely fair that we are having to work a lot harder in terms of securing our own sources of supply than we would under normal circumstances. So we have, for a number of reasons, I think, been able to counter punch our way through a much more challenging supply environment in the first quarter and through the second quarter, I think we are going to be able to do the same, broadly speaking, partly because we source local, that is - we know our suppliers. We source where we produce. And I think partly because of the fact that we stayed invested. We hang on to our people, so we are not having to add people back to support this uptick in demand. But I don’t want to -- no one should take from that, that it is been smooth and easy the whole way through. So we are in it with everybody else and certainly having to work harder than normal to sustain our ability to supply. But I think so far, I feel like we have been able to, as I said, counter punch our way through it pretty well. And I would also say beyond the automotive space, there are certainly some pockets where we have some other - some of our customers being impacted by some of their own supply chain issues. Plastics remain tight in a number of areas. I don’t think anything is sort of concentrated and significant as in auto, but it is certainly a scramble right now on a lot of levels.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes, understood. Thanks for the color, I appreciate it. Good luck.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hi good morning guys and Karen, I would echo Jeff’s comments on exceptional numbers is going to become the usual here. Anyways, not a lot to pick on here. One of the comments you just made, Scott, on price or maybe it was Mike, price cost neutral, is that a comment that you would make across the entire portfolio, that segment by segment, you expect to be in a cost-neutral position this year or are there certain segments perhaps that take a little longer to get price or could be behind yes.
Michael Larsen: I mean, I think the one obvious one, Scott, is the auto business, where just given the nature of the business and how the contracts are structured, getting price takes a little longer and requires a funnel of new products that are coming in at more attractive margins. So that is the one where, in the near-term, we are seeing the most significant pressure on margins from a price cost standpoint. And the other six segments, I think there is, given the differentiated nature of the products and services that we provide, we have a long history of being able to offset any cost increases with price. There is typically a little bit of a lag. I will tell you, we learned some things when we went through this in 2018. We are definitely much more, say, focused and on top of things earlier on. And our divisions are taking the actions that are required to kind of stay ahead of things this time around. So while there is certainly some pressure here, you saw 60 basis points of margin percentage impact and seven percentage points of incremental margin impact. The overall goal here is to offset on a dollar-for-dollar basis, and we are confident that we will be able to do that for the year and in total, even with the pressure and the difficulty in automotive.
Scott Davis: Okay, that is helpful. And just as a follow-up, I’m just going to jump on the bandwagon of what Jeff was asking about on M&A. I would think that given the success you have had in kind of multiple different types of businesses, your assets, your confidence in going after a bigger asset and implementing 80/20 and really driving value perhaps way above what the - world could do or other strategic would perhaps widen that scope of ability to be able to do deals on the larger side. How do you guys think about that and applying 80/20 when you think about an M&A model?
Scott Santi: Yes. I don’t think size is a barrier at all or a limitation or something that would scare us away. I would point to MTS as being - it is not quite $0.5 billion in annual revenue. So it is not a small business by any stretch. I would tell you a couple of things. One is that we have never been more prepared from the standpoint of discipline around integration, the quality of practice around our 80/20 front-to-back operating system, the depth of talent. This is all a result of the last nine-years of work on this. So all of that certainly is just additive to, I think, our ability to - if we find the right opportunity to do a really good job with it. So it is not an issue of - size doesn’t scare us. I think sometimes what does happen is the larger the size, there tends to be it is a time to sort of a pure play. This is the part of the business. We want it all. The bigger the asset, the more sort of nonstrategic, non-desirable stuff you have to deal with sometimes. But that is also just sort of part of the tactics. But again, I don’t think it is big or small that is the driving benefit to us as much as does it really fit with what we are good at, does it fit an area of the market we think has long-term above market organic growth prospects, et cetera. And whether it is large or relatively small, and by that I mean division size, those would be equally attractive options to us.
Scott Davis: Makes sense. Thank you Scott, good luck folks.
Scott Santi: You bet. Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Scott and Michael, China, up 62% core. Have your factories and operations been able to keep up with that level of demand, which I get the premise of some compares, so it is not completely volume-driven, which presumably this is going to be up as much in the second quarter, just given it compares as well. Anything you would call out there? Because I understand the point that your factories are local and so forth, but that is a very high-growth rate. And I’m just curious how kind of the quarter played out. And did you have to leave any sales on the table that maybe kind of get picked up later even?
Scott Santi: Yes. I actually probably can’t answer that last piece other than to say that the business for us that is really of the biggest scale in China is auto. And they did a phenomenal job, if you look at the kind of volume. Now that is a big number year-on-year, but remember that China was way down in the first quarter last year. So from the standpoint of the sequential, I don’t have that. I don’t know, maybe you have, Michael, from Q4 to Q1, it wasn’t a 58% jump, right. But I would say, overall, our decision to hang on to our people and just be ready for this has certainly given us an ability to respond. That if we were having to not only source scramble for raw material, but also scramble for people, it would certainly be a more difficult challenge than it was.
John Inch: That is fair. I’m curious, so we all know sort of the constraints around semicon and auto, Scott, you already talked about. I mean, I have sort of alluded to these questions in the past about the post-COVID world, demand is going to surge pretty aggres8sively. And I’m curious, we have already started to see that, as evidenced by your own very healthy, robust results. Have your operations experienced any meaningful pinch points as global demand has come back that may have been surprising or that provides, per se, lessons learned, Scott, Michael, but you are applying as presumably, this is not a one or two quarter phenomenon. This is going to carry forward for a little while here. Is there anything you can share with us in terms of how you are thinking about sort of operations and just playing to the market share wins that sort of thing?
Scott Santi: Yes. I’m trying to think about how to sort of tackle that one, John. Maybe the place to start is, inherent in our system is, we always talk about the fact that we produce today what our customers bought yesterday. So what makes that work is the fact that we are always carrying surplus capacity, on the order of magnitude of 15% to 20% over what current demand is. Because that demand comes, it is an average on a daily basis. So the only way we can produce today what our customers bought yesterday, as that number moves up and down, is to make sure that we have ample extra capacity to flex. So that sort of helps us as things accelerate, we do have a cushion to lean on. We also have - our supplier base is connected into that system in a way that they are also carrying that kind of ability to flex. Now it works really well. It doesn’t work perfectly, certainly with - we have our sort of rubs and issues along the way, and I’m sure we will. But there are things that we can overcome and work our way through. But maybe that is the best answer. I don’t know if that totally addresses it, but we start with a sort of level of flex that certainly helps us respond and add even more capacity as we are pivoting into kind of an environment where the economy is starting to tick off.
John Inch: Well, maybe an example, it is going to be Food Equipment. That seems obvious that that is going to come back pretty aggressively in the second half, touch wood. Is there anything you are doing with respect to your operations to make sure that you actually don’t, say, lose share because -- or lose a sale because you can’t fulfill a product demand or something like that?
Scott Santi: Yes, I’m completely comfortable that they know exactly what to do. I mean, again, we have hung on to all of our people through this. We have hang on to all of our capacity. We are locked and loaded and ready to go. I have no doubt about it, into equipment, and everywhere else in the company.
John Inch: Got it. Great, thank you very much.
Scott Santi: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Ho g good morning everybody. Could you dig a little deeper into your comments around capital, like equipment demand picking up? I mean, I know you talked about it in places like Welding. But just a little bit more color by region, by application, by segment. Would just like to hear from you in terms of what specifically you are seeing, because that is a big change.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Ann, as you are saying, that was kind of the new trend that showed up here in the first quarter. We did see orders and backlog starting to build last year on the equipment side. But really in Q1 here, if you look at the businesses that had the most significant improvement relative to historical run rates, they are Test & Measurement, as I mentioned, and Welding. And so those are businesses that are more driven by investment in CapEx. And I think as the visibility to the recovery and the confidence in the recovery takes hold, our customers are placing orders for larger equipment. And we saw a little bit of that also in Specialty Products, on the packaging equipment side. And it is really a broad-based trend. So I don’t really have the breakdown for you on a global basis, but really across the board, we saw really nice pickup in demand for the CapEx-driven products and those three businesses in particular. And I think we are off to a good start here in April. So I think we saw good momentum coming into Q1, kind of sustained that. March was a strong month. And April, everything is on-track here.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I appreciate the color on that. And then just back to the whole maintaining your employee base and we see what a difference that makes this year. I mean, I don’t think that, that should be understated given that almost every other company we cover mentioned their inability to attract labor as an issue. So congratulations on that but what about your customers? I mean, is there any risk that your customers have to defer orders? I mean, it is kind of counter to what you just talked about. But if your employers like the restaurants, for example, if they cannot hire, is there any risk that they will have to defer orders as we go through the year just because they can’t get labor?
Scott Santi: Yes. I would be pretty certain it is going to have some impact in terms of the overall pace of the recovery in a number of areas. My personal view, Ann, is that is maybe not even such a bad thing in terms of extending the duration of the recovery and sort of managing the pace a little bit in the short run. So even with this auto, auto is a real extreme example of that, not so much on labor, but from semiconductor chips. Michael talked about the fact that consumer demand for autos is strong. Dealer inventories are at, I think, around the world, historic lows. So the fact that all of that is not trying to be satisfied in two quarters and it actually gets spread out, and so I just use that same analogy in places like Food Equipment, as I don’t think it is necessarily a terrible thing that there are some limitations, either labor or other things, as we move through the recovery in some of our sectors. It doesn’t mean demand isn’t going to grow. It is not going to be this feeding frenzy of satisfying in a relatively short period of time. I don’t know exactly how it is all going to play out, but I don’t think some of those limitations in the near-term are necessarily bad things for the long haul, if that makes sense.
Ann Duignan: Yes. No, I completely agree with you. It is kind of a forced rationalization of the industry. So yes, I appreciate the color. I will get back in line. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Scott or Michael, you mentioned Welding margin now above 30%, which I think is a new record for you. And as you know, Welding isn’t close to fully recovered yet. If I go back to 2018, your margin at similar levels of revenue was approximately 28%. So if we step back and try to ingest that improvement, understanding that we haven’t changed the long-term 28% target for the company over the last couple of years, but does it give you confidence that maybe the whole company can even do better than that over time?
Michael Larsen: Andy, the easy answer to your question is, with the types of incrementals that our segments are putting up - the enterprise level is 45, welding was also 45, the answer is that margins will continue to improve just from the volume leverage alone. And then we know that there is still a ways to go to reach our full potential from an 80/20 front-to-back implementation standpoint as well. You see these enterprise initiatives continue to come in at 120 basis points at the enterprise level. Maybe a little bit less than that in Welding, but still a significant contribution from the initiatives. And so I have said this many times, and I will continue to say this. I mean, and then it is based on the bottoms-up planning that we do. We expect that all of our segments will continue to improve their operating margin performance, like I said, as demand recovers. And maybe more importantly, we still have a lot of things within our own control here that regardless of what happens from a demand standpoint, we can continue to improve the margin performance...
Scott Santi: While they grew at an accelerated rate organically.
Michael Larsen: While growing...
Scott Santi: That is the yin and the yang of the...
Michael Larsen: That is right. That is right. We can do both, right. And then what I said in my comments is what is really encouraging, I think, is that with everything going on last year and right now, with supply chain as well, the fact that our teams leverage this Win the Recovery strategy, stayed focused on executing a long-term enterprise strategy, and we are sitting here really you could argue one quarter into the recovery, and we have a clear path in front of us as we continue to make progress towards our 28%. You said 28%. I thought my comments I may have said 28% plus. That we continue to make progress towards our long-term margin goal of 28% plus.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful, guys. And then we talked a little bit about Food Equipment on the call already, but maybe just focusing on it. Obviously, reopening is happening faster, at least in the U.S. now. And you do have this large institutional business that could benefit from significant stimulus that already has been passed, especially for school cafeterias. So have you seen any of that money start to flow to that business or have you seen accelerating improvement in your restaurant business yet?
Michael Larsen: Not yet is the answer. I mean, like I mentioned, we are starting to see a pickup in orders and backlog. As you know, these businesses are not really backlog-driven. But the quoting activity is solid, and it is reasonable to assume that there will be a pickup on the institutional side as we move forward, including for schools. So I think that is part of what is encouraging is we are not firing on all cylinders yet. We put up some pretty good results here in Q1 and we still have Food Equipment, as you mentioned, down 10% organic, with a strong recovery ahead of it. So I think that is really encouraging.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thank guys, I appreciate it.
Michael Larsen: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: Can we talk a little bit about, just returning to the issue of price cost. I know you guys said that it is a 60 basis points impact on margins in the first quarter. If we look at the full-year, how does that kind of flow from here? Maybe what is embedded for price cost headwinds in the full-year margin guidance?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So let me start by saying I would be a little cautious on Q2. There is a little bit of a timing issue here. And just given how high our margins are, I think these price cost pressures will remain with us, particularly in the near-term. So Q2, this will be dilutive to margin percentage, again, EPS-neutral on a dollar-for-dollar basis. So it is purely a margin percentage, incremental percentage impact. So 60 basis points in Q2 -in Q1. Something around that same level, maybe a little worse than that in Q2, based on what we know today. And then it should begin to improve in the second half of the year. And maybe for the full-year, we end up somewhere around 50 to 60 basis points of margin impact.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Understood. And the selling days impact that you guys had in the first quarter, does that normalize throughout the year, like I think a lot of companies have talked about the selling days impact reversing in 4Q. Is that how it is for ITW as well?
Michael Larsen: It is not, no. we have 64-days in Q2 and Q3 and 52-days in Q4, which is the same as we had last year. So this was purely a Q1 issue. If you remember, last year was a leap year. So I hate bringing this up. That is how the calendar works.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Thanks guys. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Thank you and congrats on a really strong start to the year. I guess my question, Michael, maybe for you. I was observing that SG&A has been relatively flattish year-over-year on really nice, strong revenue growth in Q1. And I’m just sort of wondering here kind of how you constructed your outlook for the full-year, because you are obviously guiding for your revenues now above pre-COVID levels, above 2019 levels. I’m sort of wondering if it is fair for us to sort of expect that SG&A is going to remain relatively muted or are you essentially kind of baking in a return to more normalized, call it, pre-COVID levels? And I’m talking about the full-year run rate here.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I would say, Mig, I mean, I would expect somewhere around - as our sales grow, obviously, the cost to support those sales, including things like commissions, are going to grow. And those costs are pretty correlated. And I think the last time I looked at it here a few days ago, I would assume something around 17% of sales in SG&A. And so that is maybe from a modeling standpoint, the way to look at it. I would just point to the fact, I mean, what we talked about earlier, the fact that we didn’t have lots of people leave the company last year, and now we are hiring and a ton of costs are coming back in. That is not what I’m talking about here. These are simply primarily sales commissions and costs like that, that are going to grow in line with - as the top line of the company grows this year in the low teens. So that is what you would expect to see.
Mircea Dobre: Got it. That is helpful. So around 17. I mean, that is basically going to be a bit higher than what you have done in Q1. That is probably the volume ramp that you are sort of talking about as the year progresses?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think the one thing I know for sure is that there is going to be a big ramp-up here in Q2.
Mircea Dobre: Right. And then my follow-up, and folks have been asking about the Food Equipment business, and I will, too, but I guess I will ask it this way. If I look at your business, it seems to me that this vertical, this segment is really the one that is probably been transformed the most by COVID In terms of sort of the end customers having to operate differently, having to think about doing business differently. And I’m sort of wondering where that leads you strategically longer term, right? Because the industry is consolidating, you obviously have an important market position and really good product. How do you think about the next five-years from an innovation standpoint, from ability to gain share and, more importantly, you sort of stepping up to the plate and consolidating the industry as well because there are a lot of smaller players that are still out there.
Scott Santi: Yes. Well, I would be happy to try to address some of that. Let me start at the end of your question first. We are not interested in consolidation. We are not an economy scale company. We are not going to buy anything to consolidate. We are going to own great businesses that deliver value for their customers through the performance of the products and services that they offer. And so whether the industry consolidates or not, ultimately, we compete based on our ability to deliver superior value to the customers that we choose to target in those industries. And so that is essentially all I will say our businesses are very well positioned in this space. We expect that they will continue to grow at an accelerated rate with best-in-class margins and returns in that industry. And absolutely, to your point, we will have to continue to evolve and innovate as our customers evolve and innovate based on COVID or anything else in terms of what happens in that industry. And I think I will just leave it there.
Mircea Dobre: Alright. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Edward: Great. I just had one quick follow-up back on sort of your incremental margin discussion, Michael. If I remember correctly, I think the plan, obviously, dollar-for-dollar on price cost sort of in year one. But then as we move forward, I think the goal is to recover the margin on top of that. So why wouldn’t we have a higher incremental margin in 2022 than kind of your base case?
Michael Larsen: I think that is a good question. I think on price cost, I mean, what we are talking about right now is this pretty significant increase in raw material costs and offsetting those dollar-for-dollar with price. And in the near-term, as I said, that puts pressure on margins. I think once you get past the surge in raw material costs and those start to kind of stabilize or maybe even come down a little bit as expected, frankly, for some of these commodities in the back half of the year, you are holding on to the price and you are going to end up in a favorable position again from a price cost standpoint. That is kind of how this has played out historically. And historically, that is what is been embedded in that 35% to 40% incremental margin rate that we have been able to put up. I think once we go through - there is kind of the planning for 2022, I will give you a better feel for the ability to maintain incremental margins either above the historical range or in the historical range. But as we sit here today, like I said earlier, for modeling purposes, I would stick to the 35% to 40% for now. And we will give you an update as we go through the year here. But clearly, this year and in Q1 and in the near-term, really strong incremental margin performance. I don’t know if I said this, but we are above the range of 35% to 40%, so 40% plus, and that is with price/cost for the full-year. Headwinds are somewhere around four to five percentage points to the incremental margin. So really strong performance here as the recovery takes hold.
Stephen Edward: Right. Yes. I certainly agree with that. It just seems like maybe you get that four or five percentage points back next year. But I will look forward to your update whenever you are ready.
Michael Larsen: Okay. That is fair.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: I just want to confirm that you have not baked in any cyclical increase in daily run rate of sales demand into your guidance. I imagine you are going to say you haven’t. But just in an accelerating economic growth environment, it seems like your approach would be particularly conservative at this point.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think that is for you to decide. I think the argument you are making is not unreasonable. I think what we do is we give you kind of the outlook for the company at current run rates. And if you think that Food Equipment is going to come back stronger or you think the auto issue is a bigger issue, then you can certainly make those adjustments to your model. And as you know, ITW is this is a pretty predictable company certainly at the enterprise level. And so you can get pretty close to the models that we are looking at. And so we think this is the best way to communicate the outlook for the company and being very transparent. And then it is for you to decide kind of segment-by-segment how you think things might play out based on whatever data points that you look at.
Steven Fisher: Fair enough, that is what I thought you would say. I just want to confirm. And then what have you assumed for divestitures and kind of approximate timing on that, if any new updates there.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So really no new update, I mean, as you recall, we put those on hold last year really to focus on the recovery here. And the most important thing we have to do is get the organic growth rate and demonstrate that we can grow consistently above market. The view was that working on divestitures is really a distraction from that. And by the way, we believe, and it is playing out that way, as these businesses are going to be more valuable when we kind of reinitiate the process, which will probably be somewhere at the end of this year, early next year. So from a strategic standpoint, these are still businesses that we are that are not a great fit for ITW, that are a much better fit, frankly, with other people, we think. And so that view has not changed, but we have kind of deferred all the activities to later this year or early next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just a question perhaps for Michael around the free cash flow. There is been a lot of P&L-related questions. So the free cash flow, I think, was flattish in Q1 year-on-year. The net income was up a good amount. So it seems like maybe there is some working capital headwind, receivables, perhaps something there. Maybe just help us understand sort of what impact the component and supply chain issues are having on your own sort of working capital management and any cash headwinds associated with that. And how we should think about CapEx this year kind of catching up or ramping back up for ITW. And I understand that, that conversion rate metric should fall year-on-year because you are in a growth year now.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, that is exactly what is happening. I mean, we are - clearly as the top line grows 10%, you are going to see, at least in the near-term, a corresponding increase in inventory levels, which is part of what Scott talked about as demand grows, inventory levels are going to grow. The same thing with receivables. The fact that receivables are growing is actually -- as you know, it is a good thing. I think what we keep an eye on is the working capital metrics around inventory months on hand are all trending in the right direction. I will just point out that if you can see you are looking at from the outside, but when we look at our receivable aging and our bad debt, we are below pre-COVID levels in a meaningful way. So I think the teams really did an excellent job managing working capital overall, including receivables last year. And I think we talked about in the last call, working capital headwinds, somewhere around $125 million was in the plan for this year. The growth is a little bit stronger, so it might be a little bit more than that, but it is not going to change. We still are confident we will get to 100% plus conversion rate. But the goal here really is - we generate plenty of cash. The goal here is to grow the company. It would make no sense for us to try to hold back on inventory levels at this point. So on CapEx, as you know, last year, some of the capacity expansions were deferred. A lot of those are coming back now. CapEx will be somewhere around 2% of sales, which is where it has been historically. That is not a set number. That is an outcome of how we allocate capital. So if you pencil in somewhere around $300 million, that is directionally, that is probably where we will end up. That is up. I think last year, we did $236 million or something like that. So we are definitely expanding. And you saw the CapEx number moved up a little bit here in the first quarter. And that is really as these capacity expansions we are adding equipment, we are adding injection molding machines in auto and other places to support our customers as demand recovers. So.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Joe Ritchie, your line is open.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks for squeezing me in everybody. So my first question, maybe just focus on organic growth for a second. You raised the outlook for the year. I’m curious, were any segments not raised? So for example, like some of the headwinds that you talked about in Auto OEM and the maybe slower start to the year in Food Equipment?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So all segments, except for Auto OEM, and this is based on the [run rate ratio,] right? So this is a pure mathematical, based on demand, one of the demand exit in Q1, six of seven segments are higher in terms of the organic growth forecast for the year. And in particular, the CapEx-driven businesses as we talked about, right so Test & Measurement, Welding. And then in auto, some of these supply chain issues and the allowance we made in our guidance, they are probably towards the low end of the range that we gave back in January. I think the range back then was 14 to 18. And we are probably at the low end of that. Auto builds are still projected to be up 12% for the year. So we will see. That is the one area where there is quite a bit of uncertainty particularly. And I will just maybe reiterate this, be a little cautious around the second quarter here and not get too excited. But medium term, we are very encouraged by the underlying consumer demand as well as inventory levels, as we talked about, in that segment.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. That makes sense. And then maybe my one follow-on, either for Scott or Michael. As you think about you guys used to always talk about your content on a regional basis in the auto segment. I’m just curious, does that change at all with the uptick that we are seeing in EVs?
Scott Santi: We talked about it from a long-term opportunity perspective, it is actually roughly equivalent. it that we do around the power-train now that obviously wouldn’t exist, but there is a whole range of new sort of applications in the EV space. So I think the last time we looked at it, it was on a per car basis neutral to maybe a little higher with EV.
Michael Larsen: Higher, actually, yes.
Scott Santi: $2 versus maybe 5% to 10% higher. So net-net, we are pretty agnostic. I think the other thing that we have said in the past, this is not sort of current data, but roughly I think it was less than 1/4 of our sales would go away if every car was EV tomorrow, basically 20% or 25% of our revenues are at risk. 75% of what we do today goes in either place, and there is certainly plenty of new applications to replace that other 20% or so over time, plus a little bit.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. That is helpful. Have a good weekend everyone.
Scott Santi: Alright. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Joe. I think we are out of time now. So I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Feel free to call me with any follow-up questions. And that concludes our call today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Julian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Julianne. Good morning and welcome to ITW's Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we'll discuss ITW's fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results and provide guidance for full-year 2021. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the Company's 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our businesses. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone. The ITW team closed out 2020 with another quarter of strong operational execution and financial performance. From my perspective, the highlights are the Q4 revenues got back to year-ago levels despite food equipment being down 17% and net operating income, operating margin and after-tax ROIC were all Q4 records for the company. It was a pretty solid finish to the year that needless to say, provided some unique and unprecedented circumstances and challenges, and indicates good momentum as we head into 2021. While it was the challenges brought about by the pandemic that dominated our attention in 2020, it was the collection of capabilities and competitive advantages that we have built and honed over the past eight years through the execution of our enterprise strategy that provided us with the options to respond to them as we did. Early on as the pandemic unfolded, we refocused the entire company on only two core imperatives. A, to protect the health, safety and well-being of our people, and B, to continue to serve our customers with excellence. And in my view, we executed extremely well on both. Our manufacturing, operations and customer service teams around the world deserve special recognition for their extraordinary efforts and leadership in support of these two key pandemic priorities. Their dedication and commitment to keeping themselves and their colleagues safe while continuing to deliver excellent service to our customers was truly inspiring and there is no question that we differentiate ourselves with many of our key customers, as a result of our ability to sustain our normal rock-solid quality and delivery performance throughout 2020 as a result of their efforts. We also did our best to take full advantage of ITW's position of strength as we've thought through, how we should manage the company through the pandemic. Back in the spring, as we analyzed and stress-tested the Company's performance across a wide range of scenarios, it became clear that the financial and competitive strengths that we had built up over the past eight years have resulted in a very strong and very resilient company. And as a result, we didn't have to just pull out our old recession playbook and hunker down. And for ITW, this was a unique opportunity to react smartly and to stay focused on the long-term. This conclusion led to two key decisions that we made regarding how we're going to manage ITW through the pandemic crisis. First, we chose to leverage the strong financial foundation that we've built over the last eight years to reinforce our commitment to our people. First, by providing full compensation and benefits support to all ITW colleagues through the entirety of Q2 when the economic effects of the pandemic were at their most widespread and severe. And by deciding that we would not initiate any enterprise-wide employment reduction mandates or programs at any point in 2020. These were not obvious or easy decisions given the unprecedented and uncertain circumstances but we believe that they were the right decisions for our company. And I know that our people will remember them. These decisions also turned out to be the right ones for us operationally, given the pace of demand recovery that we saw beginning in Q3. Second, we chose to leverage our position of strength by implementing our Win the Recovery agenda and mindset across the Company. Win the Recovery was not an opportunistic new strategy. What it was and is a commitment to staying the course and continuing to prioritize the execution of our long-term enterprise strategy despite the unique and unprecedented challenges brought about by the global pandemic. Win the Recovery for us did not mean ignore the pandemic. As across the company, we had to read and react to the realities of the near-term situation as we always do but it does mean that we are committed to protecting key investment supporting the execution of our long-term strategy and that we have from very early on, given our divisional leadership teams to mandate to continue to think long-term and to remain aggressive through the pandemic. For 2021, our Win the Recovery posture and mindset continues on and serves as the central theme driving the 2021operating plans for every one of our 83 divisions. Before I turn the call over to Michael for more detail on our Q4 performance and our 2021 guidance, let me close by thanking all of our ITW colleagues around the world for their exceptional performance and dedication in the face of the most challenging and unprecedented circumstances of the past year. The performance that they delivered in 2020 provides another proof point that ITW as a company that has the enduring competitive advantages, resilience and agility necessary to deliver consistent top tier performance in any environment. Like many of you, I'm sure we are hopeful for a return to somewhere in the vicinity of normal at some point in 2021 and with that getting back to giving our full attention to taking ITW all the way for the company's full potential. Between now and whenever that is, we will continue to leverage the full breadth of ITW's capabilities and competitive advantages to keep our people safe, continue to serve our customers with excellence and execute our long-term enterprise strategy. Michael, over to you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 4. In the fourth quarter, we continue to see solid recovery progress in many of the end markets that we serve as evidenced by our revenue being up sequentially 5% versus the third quarter. The increase is 8% when you adjust for equal number of days when historically our revenue per day has increased by 1% from Q3 to Q4. Overall, we delivered revenue of $3.5 billion, operating income of $883 million, an increase of 7% year-over-year, operating margin of 24.4%, free cash flow of $705 million, and GAAP EPS of $2.02. After-tax return on invested capital improved to 32%. And as Scott mentioned, operating income, operating margin and after-tax ROIC were fourth quarter records for the company. Revenue in all major geographies improved sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, North America organic revenue declined 3%, International revenue grew 1%, Europe was down 2%. Similar to Q3, China was the bright spot with 11% growth. As we've talked about before, the operating flexibility that is core to our 80/20 Front-to-Back operating system also applies to the cost structure, which was on full display through our operating margin performance in Q4. We improved operating margin by 170 basis points to 25.4%, the second-highest margin rate in a quarter in the history of the company. And like I say, grew operating income 7% to $883 million, the highest fourth quarter ever. The biggest driver of our margin improvement remains our enterprise initiatives, as the ITW team executed on projects and activities that contributed 130 basis points in Q4. The impact was broad-based with all segments delivering enterprise initiatives benefits in the range of 80 to 170 basis points. GAAP EPS was $2.02, up 2%, but keep in mind, the Q4 last year had $0.11of one-time gains from divestitures. If you exclude those gains, EPS was up 7%, the same as operating income. Working capital performance was excellent and free cash flow of $705 million was solid with a conversion rate of 110% of net income. Finally, the effective tax rate was 22.1%, down slightly from last year. In summary, a strong finish to a challenging year and very good momentum as we head into 2021. Let's move to Slide 5 to review fourth quarter's recovery and response by segment. We updated this slide from our last earnings call with Q4 information and you can see that our segments continue to respond effectively to the increase in demand recovery and improved sequentially on both revenue and operating margin. I would just highlight a few things to illustrate the resilience and adaptability of our businesses. You can see the rapid recovery in our end markets, relative to the Q2 bottom, but down 27%. In Q4, three of our segments experienced demand levels that were higher than a year ago. The most pronounced recovery has been in automotive OEM, which is more than doubled since Q2 and grew 8% year-over-year in Q4, as did construction products. Polymers and Fluids grew 7% while demand in three segments, Test & Measurement and electronics, welding and specialty products was only slightly lower year-over-year. As you would expect food equipment continues to be impacted by the effects of the pandemic, although we are seeing some sequential improvement. Overall, you can see the benefit of having a high quality diversified portfolio and the fact that we're back to demand levels of a year ago with total revenue essentially flat year-over-year despite one of our core segments being down organically by 19%. On the right side of the page, you can see the operating flexibility that I just talked about and how to also apply to our cost structure and ultimately shows up in our operating margin performance. At the bottom, in Q2, we still delivered solid operating margins of 17.5% and only two segments were below 20%. In Q4, were almost 800 basis points higher at 25.4% despite no volume growth year-over-year and every segment is back about 22% including Food Equipment and six out of seven segments achieved record fourth quarter operating margins. Let's move on to Slide 6 for a closer look at individual segment performance, starting with automotive OEM. The team has continued to execute exceptionally well from a quality and delivery standpoint in responding to customer demand levels that have more than doubled since Q2. In Q4, organic growth of 8% year-over-year was the highest growth rate since the first quarter of 2017. While North America was flat in Q2, it was more than offset by strong demand in Europe, which grew 10% and China, which grew 20%. As expected, food equipment end markets remained challenged in Q4, organic revenue was down 19%, a little better than the third quarter, and demand in Q4 was similar to Q3 when you look at it by geography and the end markets. North America was down 20%, international down 18%, equipment sales were down 20% and service was down 18%. Institutional demand was down about 30% with restaurants down a little bit more than that. And not surprisingly, the bright spot throughout the year, continue to be retail with organic growth of 8%. Moving to Slide 7 for Test & Measurement and Electronics. Q4 organic revenue declined 3% with Test & Measurement down 8% against the tough comparison of plus 6% in Q4 '19. Electronics was up 3% and while demand for capital equipment remains sluggish, the segment benefited from considerable strength in several end-markets, including semiconductor, healthcare and clean room. As you may have seen on January 19, we announced that we had entered into an agreement with Amphenol to acquire MTS's Test & Simulation Business. The Test & Simulation Business is very complementary to our Instron business, which we highlighted during our 2018 Investor Day and some of you may have visited our facility outside of Boston. MTS's Test & Simulation business has similar organic growth potential and there is substantial opportunity for margin improvement through the application of the ITW business model. Pre-COVID revenues in fiscal year 2019 were $559 million with operating margin of 6%. We expect to get the business to generate ITW caliber operating margins by the end of year five and generate after-tax ROIC in the high teens by the end of year 10. As you saw in the announcement, we expect the acquisition to close in the middle of 2021 and we're very much looking forward to welcoming the MTS Test & Simulation team to the ITW family. Moving on, please turn to Slide 8. In welding, where we saw a meaningful pickup in demand as organic revenue improved from being down 10% year-over-year in Q3 to only being down 2% in Q4. Our commercial business which primarily serves smaller businesses and individual users and accounts for 35% of the revenue in this segment remained strong and grew 12% year-over-year. Our Industrial business showed signs of strong recovery from being down 23% in Q3 to down only 5% in Q4 as customer activity and equipment orders gained strength. Overall organic revenue food equipment was flat versus prior year and much improved versus a 10% decline in the third quarter. Polymers & Fluids delivered strong organic growth of 7% with fluids up 16% with continued strong demand in end-markets related to healthcare and hygiene. The automotive aftermarket business benefited from strong retail sales with organic growth of 5% and polymers grew 4% with solid demand for MRO and automotive applications. Moving to Slide 9. Construction continues to benefit from strong demand in the home center channel and delivered organic growth of 8% in Q4. Growth was strong across all geographies with North America up 10%, double-digit growth in the residential renovation market offset by commercial construction, which represents only about 15% of North America revenue down 11%. Europe grew 9% and Australia/New Zealand grew 5% due to strong retail sales. Specialty organic revenue was down 3% this quarter with North America down 2% and international revenue down 4%. Demand for consumer packaging remains solid, but it was offset by lower demand in the capital equipment businesses. So that concludes the segment commentary and let's move on to the full year 2020 summer results in Slide 10. And in the face of unprecedented challenges that included temporary customer shutdowns across wide swaths of our end markets during the year, organic revenue was down 10%. Still we delivered operating income of $2.9 billion and highly resilient operating margin of 22.9%, only down 120 basis points year-over-year despite no major cost takeout initiatives on mandates, and with the strong contribution of 120 basis points from our Enterprise Initiatives. After-tax ROIC was 26.2% and free cash flow was $2.6 billion. Throughout the pandemic, one of our priorities was to maintain our financial strength, liquidity, and strategic optionality, and as you can see, we did just that in 2020. ITW's balance sheet is strong and we have ample liquidity. We did not have a need to issue any debt or commercial paper in 2020 and we ended the year with total debt to EBITDA leverage of 2.5 times, which is only slightly above our 2.25 times target. At year-end, we had approximately $2.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand. With 2020 behind us, let's move to Slide 11 for a discussion of our guidance for 2021. So starting with the caveat that we continue to operate in a fairly uncertain economic environment, we have based our guidance as we always do on the current levels of demand in our businesses. Per our usual process, we are projecting current levels of demand into the future and adjusting them for typical seasonality. The outcome of that exercise is a forecast of solid broad-based organic growth of 7% to 10% at the enterprise level. Foreign currency at today's exchange rates is favorable and has 2 percentage points revenue for total revenue growth forecast of 9% to 12%. At our typical incremental margins of 35% to 40%, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $7.60 to $8 a share, up 18% at the midpoint. We're forecasting operating margin in the range of 24% to 25%, which is an improvement of more than 150 basis points year-over-year at the midpoint. Enterprise Initiatives are a key driver of operating margin expansion in 2021, as are expected to contribute approximately 100 basis points. Restructuring and price costs are expected to be approximately margin neutral year-over-year. We're closely monitoring the raw material cost environment and embedded in our 2021 guidance are the known raw material cost increases in commodities such as steel, resins and chemicals. Given the differentiated nature of our product offerings across the company, we expect to be able to offset the impact of any incremental raw material cost increases that might arise in 2021 with pricing actions on a dollar for dollar basis. We expect strong free cash flow in 2021 with a conversion rate greater than 100% of net income. I wanted to provide a brief update on our capital allocation plans for 2021. Top priority remains internal investments to support our organic growth efforts and sustain our core businesses. Second, we recognize the importance of an attractive dividend to our long-term shareholders and we view the dividend as a critical component of ITW's total shareholder return model. Third priority, our selective high-quality acquisitions to supplement our portfolio and reinforce or further enhance ITW's long-term organic growth potential. I should point out that the guidance we're providing today is for the core business only. After the MTS Test & Simulation acquisition closes, we'll provide you with an update, but we do not expect a material impact in 2021. In line with our capital allocation, we returned surplus capital to shareholders and we are reinstating share repurchases with a plan to invest approximately $1 billion in 2021. We expect our tax rate for the year to be in the range of 23% to 24%. Finally, when it comes to portfolio management, we have decided to defer any divestiture activity until next year. And instead, focus on our time and efforts on the recovery in 2021. While our view regarding the long-term strategic fit of the remaining divestitures hasn't changed, we also believe that given their expected performance this year, they will be more valuable in 2022. Let's turn to Slide 12 and the forecast for organic growth by segment. With the caveat again and the environment remains fairly uncertain, we are providing an organic growth outlook for each segment and based on current levels of demand, we are forecasting solid broad-based growth as every segment is expected to improve their organic growth rate in 2021. At the enterprise level, it all adds up to solid organic growth of 7% to 10%. To wrap it all up, ITW finished a challenging year strong, as we continue to fully leverage the capabilities and competitive advantages that we've built over the past eight years through the execution of our enterprise strategy. Our strong operational and financial performance in 2020 provided further evidence that ITW is a company that has both the enduring competitive advantages and resilience necessary to deliver consistent upper-tier performance in any environment. Looking ahead to 2021, we have good momentum from Q4 heading into the year and our solid guidance reflects the fact that we remain focused on delivering strong results while continuing to execute on our long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITW's full potential performance. With that Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Michael. And Julianne, let's open up the lines for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good execution as usual. So it's been a couple of years now since your last Analyst Day, so maybe you could update us and you are in terms of the goal of finishing the job related to enterprise strategy. It seems like your performance in the second half of '20 and the 7% to 10% growth guidance you've got for '21 is reflecting full organic growth potential versus your end markets. But maybe give us some color around that and how you're thinking about enterprise strategy coming out of the pandemic? Do you still see 100 basis points of margin improvement per year through at least 2023?
Scott Santi: Well, I'd say a couple of things, Andy. First of all, this has been a process throughout the entire journey where the sort of further we go with that, the more opportunity we find to continue to improve. And I think one of the remarkable things from our perspective is eight years into this, I don't see that slowing up any. And so we are focused on continuing to move forward to get better every year, get a little bit better this year than we were last year. Within the framework of this, the strategy that we've laid out and I think there remains ample room to continue on that path for a number of years. We also have some performance goals out there. You're right, it's been a couple of years, but two years ago, it's when we update those goals, and we remain absolutely on track and committed to delivering on those goals. And as we get closer to that, we'll figure out what the next step is - steps are.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks for that, Scott. And then is it right to think that generally, you should see more margin improvement from the segment with the largest growth projections for '21? And could you give us, I know you talked, Michael, I know you talked about price versus cost, you sometimes have sort of these lags in some of the segments like auto OEM, do we get concerned about that at all? And any other color on [prices cost] [ph] you could give us?
Michael Larsen: Well, I'd say, Andy, we - based on our bottoms-up planning process, we expect every segment to improve on their margin performance in 2021, as Scott said, a little bit better every year as we march towards our full potential. I think one of the remarkable things, when you look at the margin performance by segment is how the range has narrowed and we're - as we sit here today, the low-end is food equipment at 22% and the high-end is welding at 29%, very different range from when we started this strategy eight years ago. And I think the fact that we have businesses, delivery margins in the high 20s just gives us further confidence in the long-term goals that we've laid out for the company. So the big driver in 2021 remains Enterprise Initiatives. Those are broad-based in every segment will make progress on 80/20 and Strategic Sourcing, and certainly, we expect that also a meaningful contribution from volume leverage as we go through the year here. But I wouldn't single any segment out as having more margin improvement potential than others. I think we expect all of our segments to continue to make progress towards their full potential.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate it, guys.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Andy, and I can give you a little bit on price costs. So certainly, like I said, we are closely monitoring the raw material cost environment, we are seeing inflationary pressures in commodities such as steel, resins, certain chemicals, by segments, automotive, construction, and polymers and fluids is probably where we're seeing the more significant increases. In all of our segments, the plan is to offset those cost increases, the ones that we know about and the ones that may arise this year with price on a dollar for dollar basis. As you know, in automotive, just given the nature of the industry that is a process that takes a little bit longer, but we're confident that over time, we're going to be able to offset any raw material cost increases with price, just given the differentiated nature of our product offerings in each one of these segments, so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Can we just start with the outlook for auto OEM? When you think about the 14% to 18% that you forecasted for 2021, how does that look in the context of some of these semiconductor supply chain issues that we're seeing? And I guess are some of those hiccups embedded in your outlook? And with that said, if you could talk maybe a little bit about the potential quarterly cadence for the auto business, I know you guys don't give quarterly guidance, but in this case, it could be kind of a weird year.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So thank you, Nicole. I...
Scott Santi: I can tell you one thing on the quarterly cadence that Q2 is going to be a lot better this year than with last year. That's the one thing I know for sure. I agree with that.
Michael Larsen: So just on the - there's a lot of talk about the shortage of semiconductor in the automotive OEM space. What I can tell you is, and this is true across all of our businesses, we've not seen a slowdown in demand and strong momentum going into the year, certainly carried through January. It is possible, though, that we may see some production slowdown here in Q1 at some of our customers, whether that will impact the demand, their demand for our products, I think remains to be seen. We view this right now as more of a timing issue and so certainly, this could put a little bit of pressure on the auto business here in the first quarter. But as we sit here today, we would assume that we're going to catch that up in Q2 or the second half of the year. In terms of the quarterly cadence for the auto business. I think you saw the strong performance here in the fourth quarter, up 8%. Like I said, we've not seen anything to suggest that that demand is slowing down while we're looking at the January results. So we expect, given how we've planned the business to be off to a pretty good start with positive organic growth and margin improvement in the first quarter that typically sequentially that builds as we go through the year. Q2 will be, as Scott said, the biggest quarter and the second half, the comps start to get a little bit more challenging, the build numbers are a little bit different but that's probably as much as I can give you on the automotive business and kind of how this might play out by quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: No, thanks. That was actually super helpful. Maybe just as a quick follow-up, when you think about the guidance that you put together for just the full company organic growth in 2021, thinking back to last year when you guys were really talking about opportunities to outgrow as we move into recovery mode, have you factored in some of that margin improvement into - sorry, market and market share improvement over peers into the 2021 guidance?
Scott Santi: Well, I - the only way that it's - that's factored in at this point is, it's embedded in the impact of those efforts have already made in our current run rates. So we are not baking in any further acceleration, it doesn't mean that we don't have a lot of intention around continuing to as we've talked about before, be aggressive as the recovery continues to accelerate, but from the standpoint of our normal planning practice, we are - what's embedded in our organic growth forecast is exactly what Michael said earlier, the current run rates - daily run rates projected through full-year 2021 with whatever the normal sort of seasonal impacts are quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Two questions. One, kind of following up on that last thread, fully understand your methodologies here kind of this rolling forward current trajectory. But when you look at the segments, are there one or two kind of either way positive or negative that, I know your astute business sense and long history with these businesses would suggest are likely to be potentially better or worse than kind of the exit rate here as we exit 2020?
Michael Larsen A - Michael Larsen: Well, I'm trying to think about that question. The obvious one to point to is food equipment that depending on sort of pace of vaccine penetration and recovery. That's obviously, where even at that 8% to 12% growth rate for the year, we're well below 2019 levels of demand let alone incremental growth opportunities we have. So that from the standpoint of the one with the most outside leverage that's clearly the case. I don't know that there is anything else that I would say would really stand out, I think the capital equipment business, as you would expect, so welding and test and measurement, that as businesses get more comfortable with both the pace and trajectory and sustainability of the recovery that their comfort level with investment would - and our confidence in the future would certainly stimulate more, perhaps more demand in those sectors, maybe as I think about your question, but I think that would be the two areas that, should things continue on in the positive direction, they are the significant benefit from continued broad-based - the broad-based momentum that we're seeing.
Jeff Sprague: And also thinking about kind of cyclical versus structural growth, Scott. Right. So the effort to kind of pivot the businesses, the whole ready to grow, but not growing, and the ones that we're outgrowing, do you think there will be measurable outgrowth across most of the portfolio? So like you said, we don't know quite what the world is going to hand us in 2021, but I just wonder your confidence and visibility on our growth, you mentioned new products and food equipment for example, I'm sure there are things in other segments. Maybe you could just provide a little additional color there.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think that's where the proof is got to be in the project and that's what we've been working on. And so I, certainly in 2020 and '21, I think to try to get any sense of sort of what the market baselines are given the - just the overall volatility in all the, let's say the corresponding supply chain impacts on demand and inventory levels and all that stuff, it's really, it's almost possible to tell, but I would absolutely expect that our ability to stay focused and aggressive on the growth agenda through all of this, I won't say a better payoff but I'd say it's payoff is what we're all about. That's what we've been doing all this stuff for. So I won't tell you that every one of our 83 divisions are all the way there, but I guarantee you that I can say that 90% of them are in great position, are doing all the right things, have stayed focused and have stayed aggressive through this, we're not in that, we're not using the ready to grow and not growing categories anymore. I'll put it that way. It's - I think we're well past that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Maybe you could talk a little bit about your outlook for construction products that might have expected organic growth to have been up a little bit more in 2021 but perhaps it's just on the back of strong renovation in 2020, but just some color there in terms of regional and sub-sectors, that would be helpful.
Scott Santi: That's exactly what I told our EVP, Ann. Just so you know. So what I'd tell you, Ann is that obviously, a strong year for the construction business and finishing Q4, up 8% on a year-over-year basis, a lot of strength in the home centers that we've talked about really since the beginning of the pandemic, and we expect that to be just given the comps that the growth in the home centers would be in the low single-digits. We - there are some encouraging signs around housing starts. And then we have a great portfolio of highly differentiated products. So you put all of that together, I think our view is we should be able to grow in the mid to high single-digits here in 2021. And as I said, we're off to a good start here in January, so.
Ann Duignan: And any differentiation regionally that you'd like to comment on?
Michael Larsen: No, I think it's pretty - I think the comps are a little bit easier in Europe, maybe in North America but we, really on a global basis, we had a good year. But, so that's really all that I would point to.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then as my follow-up perhaps, similar question on welding, just different customer bases and maybe different regions, what you’re seeing - I will hand it over.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think welding, strong finish to the year good momentum going into 2021 and I'd say a pretty solid outlook for all end markets, maybe with the exception of the oil and gas piece, which is somewhere in the 15% to 20%, it's probably closer to 15% of total revenues that is expected to remain soft as we go through the year. But the commercial business has been strong all year and no signs of that slowing down the industrial side. So this is what Scott talked about with CapEx may be picking up as this recovery path is a little clearer. We're expecting a solid year in the welding business with again continued progress on the margin side, despite the fact that they put up almost 29% here in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Inch: Picking up on a couple of the themes of the past few questions. Do any of the businesses, Scott and Michael, stand out based on call it internal changes, they may have pursued in 2020 that position them in your minds really favorably for 2021 and this could be everything from, I don't know, like acceleration of enterprise initiatives, new products line up that they've got ready to kind of tee up here, maybe new customer sort of supply line or existing new customer channel initiatives or anything like that that you might call out?
Scott Santi: Yes, I can't really think of anything, particularly given the environment we're in, other than point to what we've been talking about throughout, which is we stayed focused on implementing those, the relevant changes, strategic changes business by business along the lines of what you're talking about throughout this entire - throughout the entirety of 2020. So I think if anything, the most significant part of what we accomplished in '20 is we stayed ready, we stayed prepared, we stayed in position and we kept moving the ball. And so I don't know that there is any big shifts that I can point to as much as the fact that we stayed in there and kept moving forward while dealing with the pretty unusual set of near-term circumstances and I expect that that will pay significant dividends, particularly if the rate of recovery continues on as we're seeing right now.
John Inch: Well, Scott, how significant as we think in the next couple of years in recovery, are new products or the introduction of new products going to play in terms of the drive to faster growth? Like was this an opportunity? I mean we don't have a view inside the company, right? So, was this an opportunity for yes to do realignment cost-cutting and so forth up to the centralized level, but for the folks to basically say, you know what, let's push on this initiative for that initiative or launch that as part of kind of your overall emphasis to take share which was stated kind of going on?
Scott Santi: Yes, relative. New products are core - it's a core I want to - of our business model, customer back innovation we have been - there has been no change in terms of the central nature of that as our strategy. We're banging out a couple of thousand patents a year. Year in, year out, that certainly continued on in 2020 as it always has. So I don't know that there has been any inflection or change in terms of our posture there. It is, in my view, it's the only way we outgrow our markets over the long haul. We're going to get some penetration from our service capabilities from our ability to attract new customers, but in the end, innovation, new products, new technologies, or existing products is the key and core driver ultimately of our, I believe they outgrow our markets consistently over time. That's not a new concept here.
Michael Larsen: And I would just add financially speaking, John, our internal investments, new product, our top priority from a capital allocation standpoint, then if you look at our new product investment in 2020, it was the same number as in 2019 as we stayed invested in these projects and strategies to drive above market organic growth. Historically, we've achieved about a percentage point of organic growth every year for new products and that's kind of we're counting on in every segment as we move forward.
John Inch: Makes sense. If I could just sneak in one more. You return to M&A, the two obvious challenging verticals have been commercial aerospace, and oil and gas. Are there, like - are you guys perhaps thinking you guys are contrarian thinkers? Are these possibly going to present opportunities for M&A? Like would you consider an aerospace deal? And in terms of oil and gas, would that be off-limits just because of ESG considerations, which you obviously don't have today?
Scott Santi: Yes. I just go back to our, basically two criteria. One is that we - It has to - we have to - if we're going to make that kind of an investment in terms of not just to our capital, but our time, effort and energy, it has to be in something that we have a lot of conviction about that can support or further accelerate the company's long-term growth potential. And we have to also have significant potential for margin improvement from 80/20. If you look at MTS and that absolutely checks both of those boxes. So I don't - we don't have anything that in my view as off-limits, if those criteria are met and I'll just leave it at that. I am not good at that, but I will also say, as more we’re leaning in super harder on one particular sector or another. I think as we've talked about before, we have demonstrated ability to perform and execute across seven businesses today. So ultimately, it's much more a function of the individual characteristics of the asset that we're talking about than it is any sort of outside-in view of, we want to - we need to get growth year or play for a certain theory about long-term end-market growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jamie Cook: I guess just two follow-ups. One, I know you talked about sort of supply chain and as it relates to the automotive sector. I guess one, do you have anything in your guidance embedded for supply chain, potentially higher freight costs or whatever that's - you're managing for? And I guess my second question, when you first laid out your strategy in 2020 to go after market share during COVID, you talked about potentially your competitors having issue, there is demand, ramps or even managing through the downturn. Can you talk about whether some of the supply chain issues are impacting your competitors and whether it's sort of in line with what you thought greater than what you would thought? I'm just trying to size that potential opportunity. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so, Jamie, on your first question, we are seeing an increase in freight cost. It is not one of the largest, categories when we look at where we're seeing cost pressure, but it is any known increases in terms of freight and logistics are embedded in our plan, in our guidance here today. I think in terms of market share, as a result of being able to maintain delivery and quality, if we were to talk to our segments, they would all be able to come up with lots of examples from their divisions where that is the case. And it's not just in one segment, it's really across the Board. We've been able to pick up share now. So I would just say, we're not doing this with the short-term focus that these have to be sustainable market share gains and they have to be at ITW caliber margins for us to be interested in pursuing them. So it's probably the best answer I can give you on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe my first question really for Michael around the free cash flow outlook. CapEx was down substantially, I think almost 30% in 2020. What slope of recovery do we see there? And how much of a working capital headwind should we expect as well? I suppose the end-point here is to try and understand relative to that $2.6 billion of free cash last year, what the delta is this year in the context of the earnings guidance?
Michael Larsen: Yes so, Julian. You're right. Some of the capacity expansions that were planned for 2020 were obviously pushed out as a result of the global pandemic, not as a result of anybody at corporate saying you can't invest in your business. This was really our divisions deciding to defer these capacity expansions and as the recovery progresses, those - that CapEx spend will return to normal levels, which is the assumption that's embedded for 2021. We also had in our free cash flow forecast and assumption that we will build up some degree of inventory receivables, working capital to support almost double-digit growth across the enterprise. So we have about $125 million of working capital coming in and that is included in our numbers here and you put it all together, we expect to deliver another strong year from a cash flow perspective at 100% plus conversion from net income.
Julian Mitchell: And then maybe my follow-up on the uses of that good cash flow and the big cash balance at the end of December, maybe for Scott. I think Scott you've sounded somewhat reticent on M&A at the last earnings call. And then, today we see that buyback placeholder and heard Michael's comments around deferring divestments into 2022. So just wondered what your latest thoughts were on the M&A appetite if you are more or less optimistic on acquisitions today versus a few months ago.
Scott Santi: Yes. What we talked about last call was really around the fact that what we're interested in is quality assets that we can help good companies, so we can help become even better companies and the fact is that during times of maybe disruption that those good companies if we got inside of [indiscernible] time for them to sell their businesses. So the reticence was not from a financial perspective, it was just a statement of reality that the kind of assets that we are interested in acquiring are not available. We - our interest in adding quality assets to ITW that fit our strategy and that meet the criteria that I talked about that was in my response to an earlier question. That doesn't go up and down, that is always there. We have plenty of capacity whether we have cash on hand, whether we have - we need to use the balance sheet, that's just a timing issue. Yeah, we have so much cash. We have the ability to improve these assets we buy, we generate great returns, it's just a matter of the - we're also very disciplined. So we find - we come across an opportunity that we think fits, it's not a situation on what - is it the right time or not, it's at the ample capacity to do it. So we're going to just low our standards because we have been sitting on some cash right now. I think that's the best way I can characterize it. MTS is a compelling hit, it has characteristics that are very similar to our Instron business that we bought back in 2005, entry margins are roughly the same, I think it's around to a couple of points higher, similar end market characteristics, it's a terrific fit that it wouldn't matter what time - what year - where we were in the cycle or what time of year it was, we have another MTS like opportunity, we will take full advantage, do our best to take full advantage of it and that's the best way I can I think say.
Michael Larsen: And maybe I'll just clarify something, Julian. I mean I think given our track record here as we just talked about in terms of consistently generating strong free cash flow given the strong balance sheet, I don't want you to interpret the fact that the buybacks are coming back, as we don't have capacity to do M&A, because that is certainly not the case. I mean we have ample liquidity as Scott said if the right opportunity comes along, we're going to be certainly looking closely at things. So I wouldn't read anything into buybacks coming back. We are in the fortunate position where - when I talked about the four priorities from a capital allocation standpoint, for us, it's not A, B, C or D, it's really, we can do all of the above. We have the capacity, the financial strength, the balance sheet to do all of the above.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso from Evercore. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Raso: You mentioned on normalized cost, you'd match the higher cost dollar for dollar, just obviously price, people and cost is not helpful to the margin. So when I think at the full-year guide, the revenue guide, the organic is to 8.5. How much of that is actually coming through with your margin, meaning what percent of the 8.5 prices is simply priced being naked at by cost?
Scott Santi: Well, so we don't really look at it that way, David. So let me try to answer your question, maybe a little bit differently. So I think what I heard you say is we will offset any material cost increases with price on a dollar for dollar basis.
Michael Larsen: And then I think add a clarification. That means an incremental from here. That doesn't mean necessarily in our plan.
Scott Santi: Correct. Yes.
Scott Santi: That's what we have. That's where you're going with.
Scott Santi: So that's where I was going. So any incremental cost increases that we may see as we go through the year will be offset with price dollar for dollar. Obviously...
Michael Larsen: And that really reflects the timing front?
Scott Santi: Yes.
Michael Larsen: That's the problem with delay.
Scott Santi: In the long term, we will. Yeah. We will catch up and we typically get more than that. I think what you're talking about is that in the - if that does mean if you do the math, which I'm sure you've done that can be slightly dilutive to operating margins as we go through the year, but that's not what's in our planning today and our plan today is we are positive price ahead of cost and any cost increases that are coming through will be offset dollar for dollar, that can be a slight lag. We talked a lot about some of the challenges in automotive, so that's probably the best I can answer your question.
David Raso: Now just well, the incrementals are still impressive at 40% and I was just - that's in the guide and I was just curious, are they even higher than that in a way or in a core fashion? Because say 2% of the revenue growth was coming in it at no incremental rate coming at a price versus cost. But overall you're saying add it all up, we're still getting 40% incrementals, if cost go up from here, yes, that might be a bit dilutive on the margin. Just given there might be just pricing cost. That's all I was trying to get at. I mean the 40% is still very. Just trying to get - underlying.
Scott Santi: That's correct, yeah.
David Raso: And when it comes to the M&A pipeline, I mean, obviously, all the facts that are out there and the money in Washington private equity, the MTS business that you bought, somewhat you found something that fits well obviously the margins aren't tremendous but, I think you've probably got it at one time or less, the sales, are you finding with all the facts out there and so forth that you can still find businesses like this that are maybe a little off the radar or it's just going to be a little more challenging to put the money to work. Just give them maybe people are bidding up assets otherwise want to just give in.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think it's not a matter of finding things that are off the radar. The ultimate advantage we have even in a competitive market is the margin improvement potential, so that our ability to pay whatever the multiple is, there are certainly our financial modeling. I'm not suggesting we can pay any multiple but certainly, our ability to pay market multiple and then triple or quadruple the underlying earnings and knowing that we can do that with a high degree of certainty over some period of time is ultimately what allows us to be competitive. So that's, why we've said all along is we're not going to pay for a full - buying or acquiring a fully margin business is not interesting for us because it takes that competitive advantage off the table and from a return standpoint, it makes it all about where you right about the growth rate, 10 years out, which is a pretty challenging thing to get right. So we can compete in the right circumstance and we just proved it. I think.
David Raso: I'm sorry. Please.
Scott Santi: No, you go ahead, please.
David Raso: Well, just seeing for MTS, and I know it's kind of a framework for hopefully future deals you can do, when you think some amortization of the intangibles that are coming in that 6% margin of MTS with a 19. So we think the margin might have been down in '20, what's the level set for us when we think of modeling that say from mid-year and on? What's the starting point for all in the margin amortization, the base we're coming off of and then the ramp to the 20% plus over five years? How much is there a step function in the first full year and then it's kind of, linear from that?
Scott Santi: So they didn't close on the deal first and they do all your accounting and when - and hopefully that'll be mid-year. And so when we get on the earnings call, hopefully for Q2 will be able to give you a lot more detail in terms of the questions that you're asking. Our current view based on what we are - what we have modeled is that there is not going to be a material impact in year one, and then the implementation of the business model takes some time. We didn't buy the business obviously for the potential year one. This is a long-term investment and one we are very pleased with and we see a clear path to get it to ITW caliber margins and returns over the timeframe that we discussed. So, but if you could wait until we get the deal closed and we'll provide all the detail here.
Michael Larsen: I'll help you with this part, if you want me, which is just figure the margin is steady sequential improvement year-on-year, just like we run the company. There is no big step change. And so the path from 6% or whatever the starting point is to the ITW average is side by side. It’s just a better model than some hockey stick in the early period, if that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Great, thanks for fitting me in. I'll be real quick, Scott, if you gave us a couple of quarters ago a number that you thought you had won some new contracts because of your win with downturns kind of strategy. Any update to that kind of for the full-year 2020?
Scott Santi: Yes, I'll go back to what Michael said that at that point we can count on because that was we've just started, we are a couple of weeks into and there were some obviously visible specific opportunities that we were aware of, at this point, it's far too broad base, it's not something that we're sort of tracking across the company necessarily.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, all right, fair enough. And then...
Scott Santi: Nor should we given the volume, yeah.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood. And then Mike, I think you said PLS is 50 basis points of headwind in '21, isn't that kind of what we should consider sort of normal and the run rate for the foreseeable future?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think like I would look at this, it has still potential, we had modeled 30 basis points as kind of the ongoing run rate, so you're pretty close here.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, that's all I have.
Scott Santi: You're right. We modeled 50 here for 2021. That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks for squeezing me in. Just on the EPS guide, I wanted to clarify why wouldn't the low end be $8 plus when you just turned over $2 in the fourth quarter, you're guiding to $9 to $12 revenue growth. There isn't a lot of seasonality in your business in a normal year. So why wouldn't $2 at a minimum being like an appropriate quarterly run rate? For EPS in the first half and if that's the case, are you taking in a meaningful second-half slowdown? I mean any help you can give us on how your guidance is - looks first half versus second half?
Scott Santi: Yes, so Ross, let me say, first I hope you're right. And second, I'll just go back to what I said in the prepared remarks, in response to one of the questions earlier is that how we have modeled the topline is really using current levels of demand in our - in what we're seeing in our businesses. We're projecting that into the year. If you go and look at kind of historically how a typical year unfolds at ITW in terms of the earnings in the first half versus the second half. It is remarkably consistent. So I think that's probably a good start to help you maybe understand a little bit better, how the things might unfold kind of first half, second half, but to be very clear, again, we are not taking into any of our guidance that demand is going to slow in the second half, we're also not taking in that demand is going to accelerate. So to the extent you have a more positive view in some of the segments, you can certainly model that and see what answer you get, but we are assuming that, like I said, the demand stays, revenue per day stays where it is, adjusted for seasonality projected into 2021.
Ross Gilardi: Which is on that, Mike. I mean, if you're saying you're just taking current demand, I mean it just gives us current $2 in the fourth quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, but you have to look at maybe, Ross we'll take this one offline and I can walk you through how the historical trends, okay.
Ross Gilardi: Okay.
Michael Larsen: I'm not sure how else to answer your question. So, and again, I'm not giving you quarterly guidance, we're giving you full year and I think there's enough information if you look at the historical trends to figure out how things might play out in a quarterly basis.
Operator: Your last question will come from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Two quick ones from me and I know we'll get more details on MTS later, but just given the PLS is part of the framework and equation for you guys like it hasn't, we think about MTS is like revenue trajectory, will there be some PLFS you think at the beginning? And then growth from there, like how should we think about that?
Michael Larsen: Yes. Again, Joe, as I said earlier, we will provide more of the detailed update once the deal has been closed, but you should assume the PLS is a significant component of the overall ITW business model that we will be implementing, so.
Scott Santi: And it dampens every first couple of years.
Michael Larsen: It happens in the first, the way it's modeled in the first two to three years all the PLS gets done. And then from there are now, you should see the accelerated growth rate with a higher margin profile that we talked about earlier.
Joe Ritchie: And then maybe my last question, I might actually going to ask about it because I don't think I've ever asked the question on polymers and fluids on a conference call. But the growth rate has really picked up in the segment in the last couple of quarters, and obviously, you have a good outlook for 2021. Just maybe talk a little bit about how you feel about the - either new product introductions or sustainability about growth rate just given the segment has gone through several years of PLS and then it seems like it's now a turning growth.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think you're right, I mean, we've done a lot of - team's done a lot of PLS over the years, a big focus on organic growth, we continue to see certainly good progress in terms of new products. I talked earlier about on average at the company level, we get a percentage point from customer back innovation, we're actually getting rate that's doubled at in polymers and fluids, so certainly the team has executed well on the organic growth framework and made progress on strategic sales excellence. And I think it certainly helped that some of the end markets were quite favorable in Q4, and the outlook for '21 is pretty good in areas such as health and hygiene. We are seeing a recovery in MRO applications and the retail side related to automotive aftermarket has been solid too, so I will pass on your comments to the polymers and fluids team.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. Thank you.
Scott Santi: I'll be throughout, if they got a question.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. I think we are out of time. So I'll just say to everybody, thanks for joining us this morning. And if you have any follow-up, just give me a call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julienne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Julienne. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2020 conference call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW's third quarter 2020 financial results and provide an update on our strategy for managing through the global pandemic.  Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release.  Please turn to Slide 3, and it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone. We saw solid recovery progress in many of the end markets that we serve in the third quarter, as evidenced by our revenue being up 29% sequentially versus the second quarter. In fact, demand levels returned to rates approximating year ago levels in five of our seven segments, with two of those, Construction and Polymers & Fluids delivering meaningful growth in the third quarter.  On the flip side, demand levels in our Food Equipment and Welding segments continued to be materially impacted by the effects of the pandemic, although we did see good sequential improvement in both in Q3 versus Q2. We talk often about the flexibility and responsiveness inherent in our 80/20 Front-to-Back operating system. And those attributes were clearly on display in our Q3 performance. Supported by our decision early on as the pandemic unfolded to refrain from initiating staffing reductions and to focus on positioning the company to fully participate in the recovery, our people around the world responded to a rapid acceleration in demand by leveraging the ITW business model to provide excellent service to our customers, while keeping themselves and their coworkers safe. Perhaps the most pronounced example was our Auto OEM segment, where our team executed flawlessly from both a quality and delivery standpoint in responding to demand levels that essentially doubled in Q3 versus Q2, and with a demand -- a very demanding customer base. Across all seven of our segments, our teams can cite numerous examples of how our ability to sustain high levels of service in the face of rapidly accelerating demand resulted in incremental business for the company in Q3. In addition to leveraging our best-in-class delivery capabilities, our divisions remain laser-focused on leveraging our strengths to capture sustainable share gain opportunities that are aligned with our long-term enterprise strategy. These efforts are just beginning to take hold. And I'm confident that they will contribute meaningfully to accelerating our progress towards our long-term organic growth goals. The operating flexibility that is core to our 80/20 Front-to-Back operating system also applies to our cost structure, which showed through our operating margin performance in Q3. Operating margin of 23.8% in the quarter included meaningfully higher restructuring expenses versus a year ago in two segments specific one-time items which Michael will provide more detail on in a few minutes. Excluding these factors, operating margin was 25.3% in Q3, the second highest in the history of the company. Overall, the pace of recovery in the third quarter exceeded our expectations heading into the quarter, as we delivered revenue of $3.3 billion, operating income of $789 million, free cash flow $631 million and GAAP EPS of $1.83. In addition, after tax return on invested capital improved to 29.6%, an all-time high for the company. It goes without saying that I could not be more proud of how the ITW team is managing through this challenging period. And I want to sincerely thank my 45,000 plus ITW colleagues around the world for their continued exceptional efforts and dedication in serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. In the face of unprecedented challenges and circumstances, our operational and financial performance over the last few quarters supports our decision to remain fully invested in the key initiatives supporting the execution of our long-term enterprise strategy and provides further evidence that ITW is a company that has both the enduring competitive advantages and the resilience necessary to deliver consistent upper tier performance in any economic environment. Moving forward, we remain focused on delivering strong results while continuing to execute on our long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITW's full potential performance. I'll now turn the call over to Michael for more detail on our Q3 performance. Michael?
Michael Larsen : Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Since the beginning of the pandemic, maintaining ITW's considerable financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality has been a priority. Our objective was to fully leverage the strong financial foundation and resilient profitability profile that we have built over the last 7 years to position ITW for maximum participation in the recovery. And as the recovery progressed ahead of our expectations going into the quarter, we were ready to meet customer demand, and we delivered strong financial results.  Q3 revenue was up 29% or almost $750 million sequentially versus Q2. And on a year-over-year basis, organic revenue declined only 4.6% compared to a 27% decline in Q2. The impact of last year's divestitures was 1% and was essentially offset by 0.7% of favorable currency impact. Product line simplification was 30 basis points in the quarter. Despite the negative volume leverage and our decision to stay invested in our key strategic priorities, Q3 operating margin was 23.8%, down only 120 basis points compared to prior year. If you set aside the impact of higher restructuring expenses and 2 one-time segment items that I will describe in a moment, operating margin would actually have increased year-over-year to 25.3%. Strong execution on our enterprise initiatives was a big contributor once again at 120 basis points as all segments delivered benefits in the range of 70 basis points to 190 basis points. As expected, our decremental margins were a little higher than normal at 46% in the third quarter. Excluding the 2 one-time items that I just mentioned and the higher restructuring expense, our decremental margins would have been about 20%, significantly better than our historical decrementals of 35% to 40%. Operating income was $789 million and GAAP EPS was $1.83, with an effective tax rate of 21.3%, in line with last year's 21.6%. Solid working capital performance contributed to free cash flow of $631 million and a conversion rate of 108% of net income. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow was $1.9 billion, with a conversion rate of 127% compared to 105% last year. We now expect free cash flow to end the year significantly above $2 billion. Our balance sheet remains strong. At quarter end, we had $2.2 billion of cash on hand, no commercial paper and a $2.5 billion undrawn revolving credit facility, Tier 1 credit ratings and total liquidity of more than $4.7 billion. In terms of our debt structure, you can see an increase of $350 million in the short-term debt, which is simply a reclassification from long-term to short-term as our 2021 bonds are coming due in less than 12 months. So in summary, a very good quarter operationally and financially as the recovery progressed well ahead of our previous expectations. Moving on to Slide 4 for a closer look at the third quarter recovery and response by each segment. You can see that every segment responded effectively to the increase in demand recovery and improved sequentially on both revenues and operating margin. I would highlight just a few things that Scott mentioned, including the fact that our Automotive OEM segment was able to essentially double their volumes in a quarter or just 90 days as operating margins swung from negative to 20% plus. In addition, 6 of 7 segments had operating margins, not segment margins, operating margins above 20%. FEG, Food Equipment was just below 20%, but we expect them to get above 20% in Q4 despite the fact that they are operating in a pretty challenging environment. Next to Slide 5, starting with a quick look at organic revenue by geography. As you can see, customer demand improved in every region. North America declined by only 5% in Q3 compared to down 26% in Q2. Europe also improved significantly, down only 8%, a sequential improvement of almost 30 percentage points. Asia Pacific turned positive this quarter, up 3%; and China was the standout, up 10% as the recovery continued to take hold. In China, specifically, Automotive OEM, Polymers & Fluids, and Specialty Products, all grew double-digits. So in summary, broad-based geographic recovery in the quarter. Now let's walk through each segment, starting with the one that experienced the most pronounced recovery, Automotive OEM. In a matter of weeks, our customers went from being shut down to operating close to full capacity and the team responded by leveraging their experienced workforce, local supply chains and flexible operating system to quickly ramp up and meet customer demand. Overall, organic revenue was still down 5% year-over-year, with North America down 10% and Europe down 5%. China, which had already turned positive last quarter at 6%, also improved sequentially and was up 15% this quarter. Lastly, as we discussed on our last call, we did initiate a few restructuring projects that were part of our 2020 plan pre-pandemic which led to a reduction in operating margins of 150 basis points to 20.8%. Turning to Slide 6. As expected, Food Equipment was the hardest hit segment in the quarter as organic revenue declined 20%, a significant improvement, though, from being down 38% in Q2. North America and international organic revenue were both down about 20%. Equipment sales were down 21% and service was down 17%. Institutional demand was down about 30% and restaurants, including QSR, were down a little bit more than that. On a positive note, retail, which includes grocery stores, grew more than 30% supported by the rollout of new products. Despite the significant negative volume leverage and higher restructuring expense, operating margin was still 19.6%. Excluding the higher restructuring impact, margins would have been 21.4%. And I think it's worth noting that in this most challenging environment, the segment generated almost $19 million in operating income. In Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue declined only 2%, with Test & Measurement down 6% and Electronics up 2%. While demand for capital equipment remains soft, the segment benefited from considerable strength in a number of end markets, including semiconductor, healthcare and clean room technology. As you can see from the footnote, the reported operating margin of 23.7% included 350 basis points of unfavorable impact from removing a potential divestiture from assets held-for-sale. Excluding this impact, the operating margin would have been 27.2%, which is a much more accurate representation of the underlying profitability of this segment. Given the current environment, we simply decided to defer this divestiture for now. Speaking of divestitures, let me make a broader comment on our portfolio management efforts and specifically the 2018 decision to divest 7 businesses that we determined no longer fit our enterprise strategy framework, with revenue of approximately $1 billion. We expect at that completion of these divestitures will improve our overall organic growth rate at the enterprise level by approximately 50 basis points and increase enterprise operating margins by 100 basis points. In 2019, we made good progress completing 4 divestitures with revenues of approximately $150 million. And we are seeing the benefits in our financials this year, including 20 basis points of operating margin impact. While the pandemic put a hold on our efforts this year, our view regarding the long-term strategy fit of the remaining divestitures has not changed. Accordingly, we will resume the sale process for these businesses when market conditions normalize. Okay. Turning to Slide 7. In Welding, demand for capital equipment was down year-over-year as organic revenue declined 10%. However, the commercial business, which accounts for about 35% of revenue and serves primarily smaller businesses and individual users, was up 11%. In industrial, customers were holding back on capital spending, and organic revenue was down more than 20% this quarter. Operating margin, though, was remarkably resilient at 27.9%. On a positive note, Polymers & Fluids reported record organic growth of 6% in the quarter. The automotive aftermarket business benefited from strong retail sales to grow 10%, with double-digit growth in tire and engine repair products. Fluids was up 6%, with strong sales in healthcare and hygiene end markets. As a result of the volume leverage and strong incremental margins of 78%, operating margin expanded by 250 basis points to a record 26.6%. Moving to Slide 8. Construction had a remarkable quarter, benefiting from continued strong demand in the home center channel to deliver record organic growth of 8%. All geographies were positive, with North America up 12% with double-digit growth in the residential and renovation market, offset by commercial construction down 10%. Europe was up 6% with double-digit growth in the Nordic region, and Australia and New Zealand revenues grew 3% and were positive for the first time in more than 2 years. As a result of the volume leverage and strong incremental margins of 59%, operating margin expanded by 300 basis points to a record 28.1%. And some of you may remember that when we launched the enterprise strategy in 2012, Construction had the lowest operating margins in the company, seemingly stock right around 12%, certainly good performance in the industry, but not really ITW caliber. The fact that the Construction segment delivered the highest margins inside of ITW in Q3 at more than 28% is, therefore, pretty remarkable. Specialty organic revenue was down 5%, with North America down 4% and international revenue down 7%. Demand for consumer packaging remained solid but was offset by lower demand in the capital equipment businesses. Operating margin was 25.2% and included a one-time customer cost-sharing settlement. Excluding the impact of this one-time item, operating margins would have been 28%. Let's move to Slide 9 for an updated look at our full year 2020. As I mentioned earlier, the demand recovery in Q3 exceeded the high end of our expectations going into the quarter, and as a result, we're updating our financial outlook for the year. As we sit here today, we expect organic revenue for the full year to be down 11% to 11.5%, operating margin to be in the range of 22% to 22.5% and operating income in the range of $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion. As I mentioned, free cash flow performance continues to be strong, and we expect to end the year well above $2 billion. As you think about Q4, keep in mind the typical seasonality from Q3 to Q4 and that Q4 has 2 less shipping days. Also, please note that we expect a slightly higher tax rate in Q4 versus Q3 and our full year tax rate is expected to be in the 22% to 23% range. With respect to our outlook for 2021, we expect to reinstate annual guidance when we release full year 2020 results early next year.  With that, Karen, back to you.
Karen Fletcher : Okay. Thanks, Michael. Julienne, let's open up the lines for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook : I guess two questions, sort of one strategically as we're getting through COVID, can you sort of speak to where you had a good opportunity to grow faster than the market or where you -- which markets do you see best positioned to grow faster than the market as you sort of take advantage of the opportunity right now and update on how the M&A is trending? And then I guess my second question, as we think about 2021, understanding you don't want to talk about incrementals yet outside of volumes. Is there anything that you can help us with headwinds versus tailwinds? I guess you don't have some of the salary cuts that other people will be comping or structuring. I'm just trying to think of the puts and takes and your ability to put up outsized incrementals.
Scott Santi: Well, maybe let me take the sort of strategic questions and then ask Michael to comment on your second question. What I would say overall is this is very much a dynamic situation that's still playing its way out. We are certainly responding from a tactical standpoint, pretty well at this point. Our ability to remain invested is certainly and with the mission of focusing on, making sure we serve our customers extremely well through this period and also that we are in position to seize opportunities that come our way. We remain focused on that. I think at this point, it's way too early to sort out the sort of priorities of the rank order of opportunities other than -- I'll refer back to the comment I made in my opening remarks that every 1 of our segments can point to solid examples in the third quarter of where their ability to have immediate availability to respond to a customer need resulted in incremental business for the company. It remains a priority, but I think the situation in the near-term is just too dynamic in terms of having any real view at this point of what parts of the company have more opportunity than others. But I think the thing we want to be clear about is we are focused on it and expect those opportunities to continue to play out as we go forward. From an M&A perspective, although I would really say at this point is what we've said in the past is from the standpoint of the long-term strategy of the company, we remain very open to the good opportunities that come our way. But I would also marry that up with the fact that in this environment, sort of the flip side of our own experience on the divestitures, this is not a particularly good time for quality business to sell. We're not in the market for discussed assets. We're interested in bringing quality companies into the company, into ITW that we think we can at fit our strategy and ultimately, that we can help even better companies. And in this kind of environment, this is not necessarily a great time to sell. So on a medium to long-term basis, as we have said repeatedly in prior forums, it remains a core part of the overall growth strategy and profile of the company. But from a tactical standpoint, short-term, it's not a big focus right now.
Michael Larsen : And then on your second question, Jamie, as we've talked about before, the planning process inside of ITW is very much a bottoms-up planning process, and we simply haven't gotten through that process yet with our businesses. And so I can't really comment in great detail. I will -- I promise that when we provide guidance on our next earnings call, I'll be able to address your specific questions in a lot of detail. And then I'll just point to the obvious ones at this point that the comparisons in terms of year-over-year growth are obviously what they are, which is fairly easy. And then specific to your question around incrementals, our long-term incrementals are still in that 35% to 40% range. I will say that, as you saw this quarter, in both Polymers & Fluids and Construction that when we get a reasonable amount of organic growth, the incremental margins tend to be significantly higher. It's certainly in the near term. And so you may see some of that when we get into detail for 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Inch: Hey, Scott, what are you and your auto team saying toward the prospects to return to sustainable growth in North America and Europe? In other words, how much pent-up demand cyclically is creating for a runway do you think beyond sort of a quarter or two of what the pent-up stuff for kind of backtracking? And I'm just wondering if you also think -- a couple of companies have commented on this, and it seems intuitive. The public is avoiding mass transit in big cities and driving more as they did in China during their experience. Do you think that adds some juice to the potential recovery in auto next year?
Scott Santi : Certainly, potentially, I would say our thinking on that is not yet particularly deep. We're still in the tactical mode. I think beyond what you -- the situation that you just talked about or the shift in demand related to this COVID experience on a medium basis that might result from what you talked about there, we also are looking at dealer inventories that remain at 5-year plus lows. There's certainly -- so I don't know that in our own thinking, we're sort of out -- yet, long-term, we'll do some of that as part of our planning process. And as we think about how to -- we want to adjust our positioning around that sort of trend long-term. But I do think that based on just the sort of more current conditions in the marketplace that certainly Q4 we expect to be solid and into Q1 at this point. And then -- and we'll have a better view when we announce our results and have our 2022 plans -- 2021 and '22 plans baked in early January.
John Inch : That's fair. I just wanted to also just follow that up and stick with the auto theme. I've got a couple of context of OEs. And what they tell me is right now, there's pretty substantial problems with supplier quality. A lot of it may actually have to do with the fact that a lot of workers are booking off time, and they're just not coming into work. And it's creating a lot of stress in the system for requirements for the OEs to work overtime and do rework and stuff like that. Is this -- firstly, are you seeing quality issues with respect to your own supply chain who feed ITW's plans? And secondly, is this actually, I'm wondering, creating an opportunity because you guys can leverage 80/20 to drive some incremental share just based on the fact that you can fulfill with quality versus perhaps what others are doing? I realize your auto business is kind of program-by-program. So that's why I'm kind of asking the question. You're not Delphi or whatever. Just -- there's something going on there.
Scott Santi : No, it's program-by-program, but we are not sole-sourced in a lot of the programs that we participate in. So certainly, some of the issues that you talked about were absolutely present, and we're part of our overall results in auto in the third quarter, and we expect that to certainly continue to be an incremental opportunity. There are certainly lots of parts of the auto OE supply chain that we don't participate in. So we're not going to solve the problem. But certainly, in the areas that we serve our customers, we are laser-focused on making sure they're aware that we stay in -- that we remain in a very strong supply position that we're there to help them to the best of our ability, deal with some of the issues that you talked about. And from a quality standpoint, we've talked in the past about the fact that this company operates with localized supply chains, strong commitments to long-term relationships with our key suppliers. And going back to the second quarter, our plan throughout has been to make sure that we -- that supply chain for us remains in position, robust and ready to flex with us. That's not a new thing for us, that's inherent in our business model and the way we operate. And so far, I actually should have probably also thank our supply base in my opening comments because they've been remarkable to-date.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell : Maybe a question first for Michael, just around the free cash flow outlook. I think you've mentioned on the previous call that you should have a big step down in second half free cash, $600 million or so. But in Q3, certainly, the free cash flow looking pretty robust. So just wondered if you had any updated thoughts around sort of working capital management and what kind of pressures that could put on the cash flow? And how well do you think you're managing that working capital now as the sales are starting to improve?
Michael Larsen: Yes. It's a good question, Julian. I mean I think as a result of the fact that the recovery progressed ahead of our expectations into the quarter, our free cash flow performance was also significantly better than what we expected going into the quarter. And we expect something similar here in the fourth quarter. Like I said, year-to-date, we're at $1.9 billion. And we should end the year significantly above $2 billion. I will say this, I think that the working capital performance inside the company, given the recovery in Q3 was pretty remarkable, the teams did an excellent job focusing on -- particularly on the receivables side.  Early on, we put some focus on our credit and collection efforts. And as a result of that, if you look at our -- you can’t see that from the outside, but inside the company, when you look at our past due performance, we are right in line with where we are historically, which given the pressures here during the pandemic is quite remarkable. So you should expect Julian continued strong free cash flow performance, and we expect to end the year well above 100% as we -- if things stay the way they are here in the fourth quarter.
Julian Mitchell: And then just a quick follow-up, perhaps for Scott. You mentioned the very low inventories in the Auto OEM vertical. Just wondered, looking across the disparate portfolio at ITW, how do you characterize the state of inventories at channel partners and customers when you're looking at the other businesses, are you seeing much restocking, for example, in general?
Scott Santi : Yes. We've talked about this in the past. We have very little visibility there. The auto comment I made was more around dealer inventories, which is obviously a step or move and their approaches there are certainly their own and it's a number that's reported and is obviously very visible.  In terms of most of our other channel partners, given the fact that you order from us today, we ship it to you tomorrow, there's very little buffer in terms of inventory. So I think from the standpoint of destock-restock, it's not a big factor for us really ever.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: A question on the outlook, if I take the midpoint of the numbers that you provided, it seems to imply Q4 revenue kind of flattish with both Q3 and last year. But the margins are expected, if I'm doing the math right, to decline to about 22% to 23% from Q3 to just to $25.3 million and then last year’s 23.8%. Is that entirely mix or should we consider something else?
Scott Santi : Yes. I think the major driver of the guidance we're providing or the framework we're planning for Q4 is really the fact that if you go back and look historically, Q4 is -- tends to be lower than Q3 from a revenue and margin standpoint, really primarily as a result of the fact that there are 2 less shipping days in the fourth quarter. What I can tell you in terms of the underlying sales trends, that we -- obviously, significant sequential improvement here in -- as we went through the third quarter, those have remained on trend as we sit here in October. So that's certainly encouraging. And then the margin performance, again, it's -- you should -- there's nothing unusual here in the fourth quarter.  I will say that I pointed to some one-time items here in the third quarter. Obviously, we don't expect those to repeat in the fourth quarter. So hopefully, we've provided enough information here for you to put together your own view of what the fourth quarter might look like with your own assumptions. But what's reflected on the page in the deck is really our current view as we sit here today for the full year.
Andy Casey : Okay. And then if I may, last quarter, you gave us some information about market share win benefit to annualized revenue. Would you be willing to share where the company stands on that metric, meaning did it increase this past quarter? And if so, by magnitude, about how much?
Scott Santi: Yes. I think what we gave you last quarter was just a couple of 2 or 3 real examples that had already started to play out as we were reporting our results. This is not a list that we're keeping inside the company. This is certainly a major focus across all 7 of our segments. I guarantee that our segments are tracking it very diligently. But at this point, I would assume that certainly continuing to broaden out and it would just be impossible given the thousands and thousands of customers that we have that if we were keeping a running tab of all this stuff and reporting on and it just wouldn't -- it wouldn't be practical nor would it be accurate, probably.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Scott or Michael, if you look at a couple of your segments in the quarter, such as Construction or Polymers & Fluids, the growth rates we rarely ever see in these segments, we know much of the growth is coming from strength, for instance, in construction renovation or auto aftermarket. But you've also done a lot of PLS in these segments which you mentioned are helping the margin side. So are we also seeing the fruits of the labor on the revenue side, too? Or is this just pandemic-related recovery? What could that mean for the sustainability of growth in these particular segments in 2021?
Scott Santi : Yes. My answer to Andy is that some of both. There are certainly certain market sectors or product categories within both of those segments that are benefiting from some pandemic-related demand. We actually talked about that very question with the leaders of both of those businesses. And beyond those sort of pandemic-related benefits in the near-term, both of their results also reflect a solid progress in terms of improving the overall growth posture and profile in those two segments.
Andy Kaplowitz : Scott, that's helpful. And then maybe about Food Equipment, could you give us more color in the sense you mentioned institutional was up -- was down 30% with restaurant down a little more than that, but grocery stores were up 30%. As you look out over the next few quarters, do you see continued recovery in institutional and sustained strength in grocery? And can you see your Food Equipment sales continue to recover if the restaurant facing portion of the business stays weak?
Scott Santi: Yes. And so we think that the recovery will probably be on the slow side of things. It will take a while. As you look across the portfolio, Food Equipment is probably the segment where the recovery for obvious reasons will take a little bit longer. Yes, I can give you a little bit of detail maybe on the quarter in terms of the end markets. The institutional side, down about 30%, which was the same as in the second quarter. Within that, healthcare is doing slightly better. And the drag really is on the lodging side, as you might expect. Restaurants, QSR did improve sequentially versus the second quarter. And then obviously, a big improvement here on the retail side. Supported -- part of that was market and part of it was new product rollout share gain. And so that's why that business was up almost 40% on the retail side. But to answer your question, this will be -- as we sit here today, we think this will be a fairly slow recovery in Food Equipment. In the near term -- I think in the long-term, our view hasn't changed in terms of how attractive this business is, both in terms of our ability to grow above market and our ability to do so at a very attractive margin. And I think you saw in the quarter here for this business to already be back at 20% operating margin and generating $90 million of income, given the environment that they're dealing with. It's a pretty remarkable accomplishment. So near term, slow, but long-term, we are very bullish on this business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Most of the short-term questions have been answered at this point. I thought maybe I could ask about the Automotive business in terms of what you're seeing out there for future programs. I know you bid on platforms many years in advance. And are you beginning to see more RFQs or RFPs coming out for electric vehicles and electric platforms? And how does that change the dynamics within the team, especially maybe in Europe ahead of the U.S.?
Scott Santi : Yes. I'd say a couple of things. In terms of new program activity, generally, things certainly got pushed out as the -- just based on the pandemic impact. And so a lot of that activity in the second quarter pretty much disappeared as you would expect, but then in the third quarter has picked up nicely in terms of our engagement with our customers around their future platforms and areas of opportunity for us to participate. And we've talked about the -- on the EV question, we've talked about that a lot. We remain pretty agnostic from the standpoint of internal combustion versus EV from the standpoint of the overall opportunity profile for ITW in terms of the types of solutions where we can add value. In fact, it's still slightly higher on EV on a per vehicle basis. And as you would expect, on a relative basis, it's not as big as the volume of projects on the internal combustion side at this point, but certainly from the standpoint of the growth in the number of projects that we're engaging on in EV for all the reasons you would expect, that is certainly coming up the curve fast.
Ann Duignan : And then you talk about China and what you're seeing there beyond just Automotive? We read a lot about what's going on in Automotive in China. But maybe you could talk us through what you're seeing in the other segments in China, specifically?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So maybe just to take a step back. So if you go back to the first quarter, our sales in China were down 24%. In the second quarter here, flat, positive 1%. And then in Q3, as the recovery continued to take hold, that business actually grew 10% year-over-year. Auto is actually not the fastest-growing business in China, but auto was up 15%, and so as was specialty. And then our Polymers & Fluids business was up 30% here in the third quarter in China. And then as you'd expect there's still a slower recovery on the Food Equipment side down kind of in the mid-single-digit range. So -- but certainly encouraging trends and as the recovery continues to take hold in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis : The results obviously in Construction were really amazing overall. And can you give us a little bit of color on whether you put up those numbers despite maybe some product shortages, where the product shortages? What -- and I guess, kind of a natural follow-up is that what role did the price play in the strong results? I assume you might have been able to get a little bit of price given the supply demand environment.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And the results in Construction were driven by our ability to supply some of the most demanding customers that we deal with. So there were no shortages. And as Scott said earlier, I mean, I think a lot of credit to the operating team and a lot of credit to our own supply chain, our local supply chains and their ability to respond and meet some really strong activity at -- in the home centers. If you look at -- the residential renovation business was up almost 20% in Q3 after a strong Q2. And so -- but like I said, this was -- because all the way back to our decision I think to not initiate aggressive headcount reductions in Q2 and focus instead of winning the recovery, and that's what you're seeing here in Construction, our ability to supply and take care of customers and do so at record margins, which, by the way, are not driven by price. They're driven by a range of things in this quarter, and particularly, the volume leverage was certainly helpful. The enterprise initiatives continue to contribute in a big way, and price was really not a factor in this.
Scott Davis: Is price something that you generally put through towards kind of the end of the year, most regular cycle on price? Or is it more opportunistic?
Michael Larsen : Well, it's more a planned process. It's an annual cycle -- yes. It's certainly not something that you -- that we are in a position to be very tactical about it. The goal is to -- Scott offset any raw material cost inflation and there is very little of that in the current environment. And so price was really not, to answer your question, a significant factor here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Golden Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie : Maybe just starting off from just on kind of the near-term and thinking about that 4Q implied growth number. Michael, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments that there's going to be 2 less shipping days. I just want to be clear, in the 2 less shipping days, is that on a year-over-year basis? Or is that versus just 3Q? And does that account really for the deceleration?
Michael Larsen: Yes. It's versus the third quarter. I think there's 64 days in Q3. There are 62 in Q4. And that is exactly the same set up as last year. So on a year-over-year basis, there's no -- and I would add, and it’s very tactical, but some of those shipping days between Christmas and the New Year holiday are typically let's just say not very robust. So I think probably more than 2. 
Scott Santi: And I think maybe, Joe, what you're really asking is, are you seeing -- are you implying that things are decelerating? And I think that's certainly not the case. I think we have not seen anything to suggest that things are slowing here in the fourth quarter.
Joe Ritchie : Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then I want to dig into the Food Equipment segment for a second. You mentioned the retail part of your business was up 30%. And some of that was driven by product rollouts. I'd love a little bit more color on what you're doing there specifically and whether there was any benefit that you saw from just pent-up demand for not being able to potentially shift in 2Q? I'm just trying to understand that 30% number in Food Equipment?
Scott Santi: Yes, some of that. I think in Q2, it was a little difficult to get in there with the product rollouts. But this is part of the annual cycle in Food Equipment where we roll out new products with added features. And so I also think it's -- if you were to ask our team, they would certainly suggest that there were some pretty significant share gains here in the third quarter as a result of these new products being rolled out. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Jeff Sprague: Maybe just 1 more around the kind of short-term tempo. So it looks like you didn't really see any like inventory whipsaw effect. And Scott, you explained clearly how your business operates. But did you get a sense that everybody was caught off guard here in Q3, and there's just a fair amount of catch-up from Q2 and Q3? So it may not be an inventory effect per se, but it's just kind of a snapback that does, in fact, create somewhat down as we move into Q4. It sounds like you're not seeing that yet, but just wondering your kind of antenna on the ground, is there any sense that there's that kind of dynamic that play here?
Scott Santi: This is not going to be a helpful answer, but it's really hard to tell, Jeff. I think at this point, this is obviously a fairly unprecedented situation on so many respects. All we can do is stay in position -- somebody better pet the dog. That's not here. But some of it may very well be a factor. It's just impossible to tell. All we can do is what's within our control, which is to stay in position to serve our customers we're -- third quarter was certainly the first part of the recovery from a completely unprecedented complete shutdown of wide swaths of our customer base and the economy. And so I wouldn't certainly rule out any and all of the above in terms of impacting the conditions right now, and we'll see how they play out from here. But all we can tell you is what -- I back to what Michael said earlier, is at least through -- obviously, through the third quarter and through October, we've seen no pulling back.
Jeff Sprague: Yes, I'm doing my part here to help the economy, you've got a construction guy showing up and my dog is barking at him. So can you also just give us an update on your thinking on share repurchase here? It sounds like M&A is probably sliding to the right. The cash is obviously gushing. It doesn't look like you did anything in the quarter, maybe I'm wrong, but what's your current thinking?
Michael Larsen : Yes. So at this point, our primary focus is really on running the business and getting our plans together for next year. And so we suspended the buyback back in Q1. We’ve done -- we spent $706 million, somewhere around $167 a share. And we're essentially done for the year. And our focus really is on running the business and getting our plans together. And then when we kind of give you our thoughts on what 2021 might look like, we'll give you an update at that point also on share repurchases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann : Just a couple of quick follow-ups, if I could. In terms of the strategy to sort of win the recovery, it seems like maybe automotive might be amongst the most fertile ground as you're able to fill orders that maybe competitors can't. And I'm just curious -- maybe it's way too early for this, but is it potentially possible to think about your historical wins relative to the auto build increasing? Is it too early to think about that?
Scott Santi : Well, I think it would be -- I think what I would say Jeff is this gives us an opportunity to demonstrate to our customers the value equation -- I'm sorry, Steve, Jeff was the last one here. Sorry, Steve. The dog is still following me. My apologies. The -- what I was saying is I think this is a phenomenal opportunity for us to demonstrate the value equation around ITW's role in the auto OEM supply chain from the standpoint of a comprehensive -- our ability to serve you through thick and through thin. And so I would expect that our customers experience with us through this particular period will certainly be contributing to our ability to -- as we go forward to secure more business based on the sort of full range of the value-add that we can bring, including our ability to supply when things are dicey.
Stephen Volkmann : Okay. Alright. Fair enough. And then just quickly on Specialty Product. I think, Michael, you mentioned something about cost sharing. I'm just curious if there's any detail there, anything we should be thinking about going forward?
Michael Larsen: This is a one-time item, and it relates to an agreement with a customer that for obvious reasons I can't give you a ton of detail on. I think the important thing, this was a one-time item, and you're not going to see it again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase : So maybe we can start with just the cadence of the quarter. Did you see continued improvement throughout the quarter? Or was the organic growth kind of similar across each month?
Scott Santi : Yes. I think the sales trends in Q3 were pretty strong right out of the gate in July. I think we talked about that on our last earnings call. And really remain that way through August, September. And so far, what we've seen of October.
Nicole DeBlase : Okay. Okay. Got it. And then just an update on the restructuring. I know that on the last call, you guys kind of noted that you expected to spend around $60 million in the back half. But given that top-line is kind of coming in probably better than you would have expected, is $60 million still the plan for the second half? And if so, can you maybe parse out what was done in 3Q and what you expect to do in the fourth quarter?
Scott Santi : Yes, you're right, Nicole. It's -- we now expect it to be a little bit lower than the $60 million that we talked about on the last call. Let me just -- first that, just a reminder that the projects that we're doing this year are essentially the projects that were in the pre-pandemic plan, if you like. And there's very little specific tied to the pandemic from a restructuring standpoint. And part of the reason for that is, obviously, the recovery is now progressing at least in the third quarter at a pace that exceeded our expectations. So we have done $37 million year-to-date. And we expect to end up somewhere around $50 million for the full year.
Nicole DeBlase : Okay. And that probably means then that you guys were kind of expecting 1 to 1 payback as we think about the impact to 2021. So I also suspect that the stock is more like $50 million for next year. Is that fair?
Scott Santi : Yes. I mean -- I think the payback, as we've talked about before on these projects, and these are really the projects that are coming out of our Front-to-Back process are typically less than 12 months. So that would be a reasonable assumption.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre : Just a quick question on margin here, especially sort of the margin algorithm going forward. As I'm looking at gross margins, it was very nice to see them above 42% again. And I'm wondering here, just conceptually, as volumes, we get back to volume growth at a point in time, do you see some opportunity to continue to expand, to drive gross margin? Or is this mostly a exercise of leverage on SG&A in terms of driving incremental margin?
Michael Larsen : Well, I think we've demonstrated over the last 7 years that we have a pretty good track record in terms of continuing to drive improvement in our cost structure, both on the variable side as well as on the SG&A side. So we would expect both. And I should have said this upfront, as we begin to think about 2021, I mean -- and that is -- and the enterprise initiative specifically, they didn't -- we didn't talk a lot about that, but they contributed 120 basis points of margin expansion here in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we're above 100 basis points, and we're 7 years into this. And so I think it's certainly a lot of positive momentum going into not just fourth quarter but also into next year, as these enterprise initiatives continue to contribute to our margin improvement in a meaningful way, both variable and on the SG&A side -- on the fixed cost side.
Mig Dobre : And then my follow-up, going back to Welding, and I appreciate the color that you guys gave there. I'm wondering if you can provide a little bit more in terms of kind of what you're seeing going forward. Arguably speaking, some of your customers in areas like heavy equipment and such might be seeing some of these production schedules bottom out. Do you have any sense for how demand might progress here? And at what point in time we could be seeing this segment return back to growth?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, Mig, as you look at Q4, I think Q4 will -- if that's your question, will look a lot like Q3, probably. I think we haven't done the plans yet for next year. And when we get together, next year, we'll give you a little more color by segment, including Welding. But it's really a little too early to tell at this point. So I mean, as I said upfront, the comparisons year-over-year are going to be relatively easy. So just on that basis, that's certainly helpful as we think about next year. But we'll give you a better answer, Mig, when we provide guidance for 2021, okay?
Operator: Your last question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe : Obviously, you’ve covered a lot of ground here. I did want to go back to restructuring. That $50 million this year, does that support the 100 basis points for next year? Or does that provide some upside potential to that number?
Michael Larsen : Well, I -- I'm not going to let you pin me down on the number yet for next year because we haven't gone through the specific projects and activities that support that number for next year. But I think it's reasonable to assume a meaningful contribution again next year from our enterprise initiatives, and which includes 80/20 work as well as the work that's being done on the strategic sourcing side. So that's probably the best I can do right now is expect another meaningful contribution from the enterprise initiatives next year.
Nigel Coe : And then a quick one on tools. Obviously, very impressive performance. And I was surprised because I think I'm right in saying that you have exclusively a pro channel that's very limited exposure to there. So it seems like this is all driven by new residential construction. Renovation would have been -- seems still quite anemic. Is that the case? And what are you seeing in terms of new build versus renovation trends?
Michael Larsen : I think your view let's change your assumptions. So renovation, we've got a lot of exposure. And so our residential construction exposure is bolt-on new and remodel, and the remodel is really where the strength -- a lot of the strength was in Q3.
Scott Santi: Yes. That's exactly right. Just to add maybe a little more color, Nigel, since you had to wait until the end to get your question in. We did see some builder activity also picking up in other parts of the business. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Karen Fletcher for any closing remarks.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Julienne. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] For those participating in the Q&A, you'll have an opportunity to ask one question and if needed one follow-up question. Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm joined by our; Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW’s second quarter 2020 financial results and provide an update on our strategy for managing through the global pandemic. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the Company's 2019 Form 10-K, and subsequent reports filed with the SEC for more detail about important risk that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to Slide 3. And it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen and good morning, everyone. Well, things are far from normal for any of us or our businesses at present. I’m extremely proud of how the ITW team is managing through the unprecedented and challenging circumstances brought about by the pandemic. I want to begin by sincerely thanking my ITW colleagues around the world for the effort, dedication and selflessness that they continue to demonstrate daily and protecting the health and safety of their colleagues while continuing to serve our customers with excellence. As I have said many times, the power of the ITW business model and our decentralized entrepreneurial culture are never more valuable than during times of significant and rapid change. And we are leveraging both to position the company to participate across a wide range of recovery scenarios while continuing to execute our long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITw’s full potential performance. Over the last seven years, we have made significant progress and executing our strategy to take full advantage of our unique strengths to clearly established ITW as one of the world's best performing, highest quality and most respected industrial companies. And in doing so building a company that has both the enduring competitive advantages and the resiliency necessary to deliver consistent upper tier performance in any economic environment. Well, needless to say the resilience component of that equation is now being tested in ways that were hard for many of us to even imagine six to seven months ago. And as evidenced by our second quarter results, this company in our team of over 45,000 dedicated professionals are rising to the challenge. In the second quarter, in the face of an unprecedented 29% decline in revenues, ITW delivered $449 million in operating income, $681 million in free cash flow, and operating margins of 17.5%. We leveraged our flexible cost structure to reduce operating expenses by more than $140 million without any centralized cause takeout mandate from corporate, while providing full compensation and benefit support to every ITW team member, sustaining investments and key long-term growth strategies, and positioning for full participation in the recovery. As we outlined during our first quarter earnings call, we have an integrated four prong strategy for managing the company through the pandemic. Protect and support our people continue to serve our customers with excellence, maintain our financial strength and strategic optionality and win the recovery. These four priorities comprised the central near-term planning and execution focus for the whole of ITW, and for every one of our operating divisions. We'll come back to them at the end of our presentation. But first let me turn the call over to Michael who will provide you with additional detail on our Q2 performance. Michael over to you.
Michael Larsen: Okay. Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Let’s turned to Slide 5. As Scott mentioned, priority number 3 for managing through the pandemic is to maintain ITW’s considerable financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality. In the second quarter we did just that. And going forward, we will continue to live on that priority. As we leverage our strong financial foundation and resilient profitability profile to position ITW for maximum participation in the recovery. On our last earnings call, we shared our expectation for an unprecedented level of demand contraction to the complete shutdown of wide swaths of the global economy. And indeed, organic revenues declined an unprecedented 27%. As expected, automotive OEM and food equipment were the hardest hit segments. Other segments fared much better, providing another proof point for the benefit of ITW’s diversified high quality business portfolio. At the enterprise level, total revenues declined 29% as organic revenues declined 27% in foreign currency, and last year's divestitures further reduced revenues by about a point each. Nevertheless, our businesses still generated $449 million of operating income and delivered resilient operating margin performance of 17.5% with operating expenses down more than $140 million and enterprise initiatives contributing 100 basis point. As expected, free cash flow was strong at $681 million, an increase of 12% year-over-year and 213% of net income. Q2 cash flow performance did benefit from the delayed timing of U.S. income tax payments of $158 million, which were paid in the third quarter. Our divisions stepped up to their credit monitoring and collection efforts early in the quarter. And as a result, our receivable performance has continued to remain in line with historical norms. The balance sheet, and our liquidity remained strong throughout the containment phase as we ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of cash on hand, essentially no short-term debt, no commercial paper, a $2.5 billion undrawn revolving credit facility, Tier 1 credit ratings and total liquidity of more than $4.3 billion. As expected, ITW had more than enough financial strength and resilience to withstand the shock to the system that the global economy experienced in Q2. We were prepared for it, we managed our way through it effectively. And today we're strongly positioned for the recovery. With that, please turn to Slide 6, for a retrospective look at second quarter revenue, starting with organic revenue by geography. As you can see, the demand contraction with global as North America declined 26%, Europe was down 37%, and Asia Pacific was down 7%. On a positive note, China was up 1% after being down 24% in Q1, as the early phase of their recovery began to take hold. On the right side of the slide, we're sharing average revenue per working day by month. As we move through the quarter, and we compared it to last year, you can see that April was the bottom and then we experienced a sequential acceleration in May. And in June, as the global economy began to reopen. This trend has continued in July. Now, let's go to Slide 7 for segment performance. And on the left side, you can see the most and least affected segments in terms of organic revenue and operating margin. For comparative purposes, I should point out that these margin numbers are fully-loaded on operating margins, not segment margins. It is also notable that five of seven segments delivered operating margins above 20%, despite organic revenue declines ranging from 9% to 25%, and the two segments overcame the significant negative volume leverage to actually expand operating margin year–over-year. Turning to the right side of Slide 7. As expected, given that most of our automotive OEM customers in North America and Western Europe essentially shutdown in mid-March and only began to restart production in May, June. Our automotive OEM business was the hardest hit. Overall organic revenues were down 53% year-over-year, although we did see a significant uptick in June that is continuing in July. North America was down 62%, Europe down 59% and China was the bright spot with organic revenue up 6%. Importantly, as order production continues to ramp up in Q3, our local close to the customer manufacturing positions remain fully resourced and in position to continue to serve our customers every step of the way, and with the same world class quality and delivery that they have come to expect from us. Turning to Slide 8, also as expected the second hardest segment was food equipment, as organic revenue declined 38%. North America organic revenue was down 33% and international declined 44%. Equipment sales were down 38% and service was down 37%. Institutional sales including healthcare facilities and hospitals were slightly more resilient down about 30%. And not surprisingly, restaurants QSR were down about 45%. Relatively speaking, sales to grocery retail customers held up better, down only 14% with some equipment orders being pushed out due to COVID concerns and retail service sales were flat with prior year. Test & Measurement and Electronics, Organic revenue declined 11% with Test & Measurement down 12% and Electronics down 9%. While demand for CapEx Equipment dropped sales were up double-digits in end markets tied to semiconductor healthcare and clean room technology. And despite negative volume leverage, operating margin improved 120 basis points to 25.7% with excellent cost management and enterprise initiatives as the main contributors. Turning to Slide 9. In Welding demand slowed significantly, as organic revenue declined by 25% with Equipment sales down 28% and Consumables down 21%. Industrial end markets declined 40% while commercial end markets were fairly resilient, down only 11%. That said despite a 29% of [higher] Revenues Q2 operating margin was 21.6%. Polymers & Fluids, organic revenue was down 14%. Polymers was down 20% in line with industrial and MRO trends. Auto aftermarket was down 14% with retail sales improving in a meaningful way as stores open back up as the quarter progressed. Fluids had the best performance with organic revenue down only 5% held by product sales into health and hygiene end markets. Operating margin was up 30 basis points to 23.1% driven by enterprise initiatives and strong tactical cost management. Moving to Slide 10, Construction, organic revenue was down 9% with North America which is almost half of the segment, up 1% with double-digit growth in the residential renovation market served through the home center channel. This strength was partially offset by a 21% decline in the North America commercial business and internationally as Europe was down 28%, reflecting a more restrictive quarantine protocol. Australia and New Zealand sales were down only 3%. Specialty organic revenue was down 16% with North America down 15% and the international side down 19%. Demand for consumables in our consumer packaging businesses such as Zip-Pak were up double-digits offset by orders for packaging equipment being pushed out and some lower sales into the appliance and aviation industry. So let's move to Slide 11 for an update on some full year 2020 performance scenarios. On our last call, we provided three financial scenarios to illustrate the fact that we have the financial strength and margin profile to withstand whatever comes our way over the near-term and therefore, our number 1 priority is positioning to play offense in the recovery. With Q2 in the books, we're updating these scenarios for a key operating metrics, organic revenue, operating margin and operating income. The caveats that will be discussed during our Q1 cost to apply i.e. this is the time of extraordinary and unprecedented uncertainty, and accepting any significant recurrence of major economic shutdowns. As you can see, we are narrowing the range of likely four year outcomes based on our second quarter performance and current demand trends across the company. And what stands out is that in all three scenarios, ITW’s operating performance is strong in terms of operating income and operating margin. And while we're not providing formal guidance as we sit here today, we are tracking closest to the mid scenario. The second half organic revenue is down about 12%, which would translate into a full year organic decline of approximately 14.5% and operating margins of 20% to 22%. And in an unprecedented year like this, should this scenario hold, we would still make somewhere in the neighborhood of $2.5 billion of operating income and generate more than $1.8 billion in free cash flow. As demand recovers, we want to be in a strong position to fully support our customers as their businesses begin to re-accelerate. As a result, we expect an increase in working capital and therefore lower free cash flow of about $600 million in the second half of the year. Importantly, though, we're going to make sure that we're in a strong position to both respond to our customers needs, and take share from competitors who can throughout the recovery. As we discussed on the last call, we're going to make some fairly modest capacity and cost structure adjustments based on projects submitted by our division leaders who have now had a chance to better assess the pace and slope of recovery in each of their respective businesses. We currently projected that we will spend about $60 million in restructuring projects in the second half of the year, including $45 billion [indiscernible] to back projects that were already planned for 2020 that we placed on a temporary hold as the early stages of the pandemic unfolded. As a reference, we spent about $80 million on restructuring in 2019. And about $30 million of that was in the second half of the year. It is worth noting that the average payback for these projects is projected to be less than 12 months. Finally, just some a brief comments on capital allocation to let you know that our position has not changed from our last call. First with regard to the dividend we’ve recognize the importance of our dividend to our long-term shareholders. We continue to view it as a critical component of ITW’s total shareholder return model, and we remain strongly committed to the dividend. In terms of strategic optionality we are clearly in a position of strength with ample liquidity and balance sheet capacity and strong credit ratings. We remain open to the possibility that opportunities might emerge as a result of a pandemic and we're in a strong position to react to high quality strategic opportunities that are aligned with our enterprise strategy. Lastly, we suspended share repurchases until end market stabilized, and the recovery path becomes clearer. So let's move on to Slide 12. And I'll turn it back over to Scott to share some more thoughts on our recovery phase strategy. Scott, back to you.
Scott Santi: All right. Thank you, Michael. So moving forward, while significant end market disruption and uncertainties remain, we will continue to leverage our financial strength and the performance power of our business model to prioritize playing offense in the recovery over playing defense in the contraction, and to ensure that every one of our businesses is strongly positioned to fully participate in the recovery. Job one is to protect our people while continuing to serve our customers with the world class quality and delivery performance that they expect from us. Thus far, our people have done a superb job on both fronts and across the company. We will remain intensely focused on these two mission critical imperatives. Second, we're going to lean in hard to the upside by remaining invested in staff to support anticipated demand two to three quarters out, so that we have ample cushion to both fully support our customers as their businesses re-accelerate and to capture incremental share gain opportunities that we expect might emerge along the way. In that regard core to the recovery planning process in every one of our 84 divisions is the identification and actioning of specific pandemic related share game programs and opportunities that are aligned with our long-term enterprise strategy. Finally, we will leverage our advantaged financial position to sustain the investments we've made to support the execution of our enterprise strategy. We are taking the long view and from that perspective when the recovery is an execution component of our long-term enterprise strategy. It is not a separate strategy. It is about every one of our divisions identifying specific opportunities to aggressively accelerate progress in executing key aspects of their enterprise strategy agenda, due to the effects of the pandemic. Things such as newer changing customer needs, competitors, distress, ability to stay invested, et cetera. In fact, we're already seeing areas of opportunity emerging in our businesses. And these are some of the early themes. First, ITW’s undisrupted ability to supply and deliver during these times of tremendous volatility and disruption is a significant asset. In the last quarter, we landed new programs worth a combined $105 million annually with a handful of key customers based largely on our ability to provide immediate supply. Second, many companies including many of our existing customers are moving away from low cost country sourcing strategies and looking to localize their supply chains in response to risk and challenges exposed first by trade and tariff related disruptions, and now by the effects of the pandemic. Our long standing commitment to local produce where we sell manufacturing has uniquely positioned ITW to support existing and new customers in making this transition. Just recently, one of our businesses was awarded nearly $10 million in new business a result of one of their key customers moving to build more local supply capability. In addition, a number of our automotive OEM customers are implementing strategies to localize their supply chains and we are in a very strong position to support them in this regard. And third, we are already benefiting from remaining committed to our strategic sales excellence and customer back innovation investments. Our ability to stay the course means that the people that we have invested in, in these critical areas remain in place and that they are not distracted by downsizings, reorganizations, top down mandates or shifting priorities. They remain focused on serving customers, seizing new opportunities, and continuing to innovate. It's just one illustration, in the second quarter our new patent filings were up 24% over the last year. So in closing, on behalf of Michael and our entire executive leadership team, we offer our deepest thanks to our ITW colleagues around the world for their exceptional efforts and dedication always, but especially during this period of unprecedented circumstances and challenges. Well, there is obviously a lot that we will have to work our way through in the months ahead. I have no doubt that the strength and resilience of ITW’s business model, our diversified high quality business portfolio and our people position us extremely well to seize the opportunities and respond to the challenge that lie ahead. With that, I'll turn it back to you Karen.
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thank you, Scott. Julianne, let's open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Well, our first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone. Hope everyone is well.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Same to you Andy. Thanks,
Andrew Kaplowitz: Scott and Mike, maybe you can help us color on business conditions by region a little more. And China turning positive is encouraging, as you said. But for many companies in Q2, we saw some improvement maybe a little faster in Europe, in the U.S., you guys were down a little bit more in Europe. So maybe you can talk about what held you down in Europe. And then you mentioned you were down about 20% in terms of average daily sales in June, and then you continue to see improvement in July. In terms of the reason to decline did you continue at the same rate of recovery as you saw by month, in Q2 in July?
Scott Santi: Hi, so let’s start with your question on Europe, specifically, which represented 25% of our sales in the quarter and saw as you pointed out there most significant decline year-over-year at 37%. By far, the most significant decline was in the automotive business as you might expect down 59% followed by food equipment down 48% and then construction down 28%. In terms of the kind of the framework that we're providing for the second half year and your question around how the dynamics might play out by region, we're anticipating, again, in a very dynamic environment here, North America and Europe down both in that 10% to 15% range, year-over-year and then Asia Pacific and China as you pointed out better than that flat maybe slightly positive as we look at the second half year. A lot of – probably the thinking on how the second half plays out ties back to your first, the second question, which was around July and the trends, so. The trends that we saw, sequentially in the second quarter were certainly encouraging April, the bottom acceleration in May, June. And those trends have continued into July. I wouldn't read too much into one month year. I think this remains a really like I said, uncertain environment. And the best way to think about this is really this second half framework that we've provided as you look at how this might play out, but certainly encouraging kind of near-term demand trends that continued into Q2.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michae, just one follow up on how you thinking about forecasting auto OEM, obviously one of your tougher businesses but, relatively quicker recovery that we're seeing there. You mentioned the shutdowns impacting your business. But is it harder to adjust ITW’s cost base in that business. And in the past, it's been hard to change move pricing around. So that what hurt you in the quarter? And do you expect that business would turn profitable again in Q3?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think the short answer is no. I mean, I think, as you know, we're not an auto company, we're really benefiting in Q2 in the second half from this high quality, highly diversified portfolio. So we don't have to get the forecast 100% right in automotive, because we know we're going to have offsets, one positive or negative and other parts of the company where as you know, we're very much a read and react company. We don't have a lot of backlog. We don't have great visibility. Beyond, two to three weeks in auto for example, but we do have the ability to respond very quickly to changes in demand. We, expect a challenging second half in automotive certainly better than Q3. And then just did we transparent with -- what auto might look like in the second quarter based -- in the second half based on feedback from customers current demand trends, we're looking at being down about 15% in the second half of the year for automotive. Of course, a lot of that depends on how quickly production ramps up what auto sales do in the second half of the year, but maybe that gives you a sense for how that might play out.
Scott Santi: Due to [indiscernible] I would add on the cost side as we were very intentional and that decimating the business and this was the hardest shutdown across our portfolio. And we clearly knew that was going to take place production stops from mid-March through mid-May. And ultimately we made a choice not to do anything that would impair that we also expected that once that those hard shutdowns were over that things would recover. Maybe not certainly not back to their prior demand levels but a long way from zero, which is where they were for those 60 days or so. So I think there was a lot of intention in -- if your reference point is to the fact we lost money in that business that was, we certainly could have mitigated some of that if we wanted to worry about that. But ultimately, our decision and our biggest concern was making sure that we were there to support our customers on the other side of that.
Michael Larsen: And maybe just to -- you asked around what the second half might look like profitability we fully expect based on what we're seeing now that the business will be profitable in the second half and we will be returning to double-digit margins as we go through the year. This beginning recovery here in automotive.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks, guys. Stay well.
Scott Santi: You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Can you hear me? Okay?
Scott Santi: Yes. Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: Okay, I guess just my first question. Can you just talk about any of the question on auto food was also the business that was hit harder. So can you just talk about the margin trajectories as we think about the second half of the year in that business. And then I guess my follow up question just is sort of on the market share opportunity. Can you talk about sort of early conversations with customers, if you think you'll be able to gain market share? And is that embedded, as you think about sort of the sales outlook for the back half of the year? Thanks.
Scott Santi: Yes, so specific on food, we’ll probably be the hardest hit segment here in the second half of the year. We're looking at potentially being down somewhere around 25%. But even with that sort of kind of unprecedented decline, we expect that business to continue to be profitable. And we expect margins to continue to improve from where they were in Q2 and being back into double-digit territory here in Q3 and Q4.
Michael Larsen: I think in terms of market share rather than talking about specific customers, I think I'd go back to the themes that Scott talked about the fact that we have a high degree of confidence that they are real market share opportunities and their discussions with customers that are taking place every day and every single one of our divisions and we pointed to over $100 million of new business generated here in the second quarter just as a result of that the first element, which is our ability to continue to supply and deliver for existing and for new customers. So I think we -- that's, that's maybe how we think about the market share opportunities.
Scott Santi: Yes. I think and I think the only thing I would add, Jamie, is it just in terms of impact on the balance of the year? We're not really that -- focused on that. We're looking for long-term opportunities that are sustainable ultimately the programs that I referenced will that have some incremental benefit in the back half, sure. But ultimately, we're not looking so I guess the point I'm trying to make is we're not looking for quick hits that are opportunistic. We're looking for opportunities to move faster on opportunities that we would want even in normal times, and expected certainly based on the second quarter, but certainly optimistic that those will continue to pop up as we move forward.
Jamie Cook: Thank you. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning, guys.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Couple of questions here, but Tests & Measurement margins were strong whether they're mix any support on mix there? Was it restructuring that the guys are doing on a localized basis so it’s really quite remarkable to have mid 20s margins in a revenue environment like this?
Scott Santi: Yes, I think it's -- I think I may have mentioned this, it's the continued execution on the enterprise initiatives contributing in a meaningful way to the all front-to-back projects really it carryover from last year since we put a halt on restructuring especially in the first half of the year. And then just really good, tactical, management of our operating expenses $140 million at the total company level and every -- in every segment, including in Test & Measurements, so. And then I think the other thing -- I wanted their top line was maybe a little more resilient than some of the other segments. We talked about the strength in semi healthcare clean room technology, and they certainly benefited in Test & Measurement.
Scott Davis: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just a follow up, I mean in such a big demand hit in a couple of your businesses, obviously, but how many of your own facilities remain idle there? They are most -- I mean, I'd say they all back up and running in some level of capacity or do you still have a number of facilities that are 100% shut down?
Scott Santi: We are essentially 100% open and all of our divisions are serving customer needs at this point, so.
Scott Davis: Around the world.
Scott Santi: Around the world, yes.
Scott Davis: Okay. Super. Thank you guys.
Scott Santi: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Hey, Michael did July I know it's not going to be definitive, but it is still exhibiting uptrend in terms of average daily sales? And are we both thinking about sort of the potential for channel restocking, kind of given the way markets have transcended and your own commentary for expectations around the back half?
Michael Larsen: So, the first part, July is up sequentially from June to answer your question. I think in terms of the channel, we've talked about this before, John. We really given how short cycle we are and how our businesses are set up, really we're talking about very little backlog, we get the order today, we ship tomorrow we replenish the inventory the day after, we don't have great visibility to what the channel has in terms of inventory. They don't need to carry it out of inventory, because they know that if they place the order with us, we're shipping it tomorrow. So, it's not really a big driver in terms of how our sales might be reacting here.
John Inch: Even in say construction products, I'm just -- I agree with you, obviously, but I was just curious if there might have been a little bit of pre-emptive build or anticipated build in the back half or something like that.
Michael Larsen: No, we really don't need to and that's construction, every segment every division is run the same way here so, so the answer is no.
John Inch: Okay, and then how are you guys thinking about the $140 million of cost saves, which is actually pretty impressive considering that we didn't touch employee comp. How are you thinking about that? Michael and Scott, maybe bleeding back into the organization this will be matched against kind of revenues. So you kind of keep the costs in check or how are you thinking about sort of the cadence of those jobs coming back over the course of the second half of next year?
Scott Santi: Yes, John, everything other than the structural costs that we have already planned to take out this year, which are the kind of the front-to-back savings, those are structural savings, but everything else is essentially temporary. And so this was our response to current levels of demand as the recovery continues to take hold you in the second half of the year, the majority of these costs will come back in again. Certainly, we'll continue to remain our divisions, disciplined and focused in terms of cost management, but these are essentially temporary costs that with the exception of 80/20 projects will come back in as demand recovers.
John Inch: That makes sense. I mean, we do see the 140 in terms of sales that’s kind of a high watermark, and then maybe next quarter it's a little bit lower. I mean -- I'm not trying to be that precise. I'm just trying to understand that -- hey, we're going to keep these costs in for the rest of the year. And as you have said now, they might start coming back sooner. So just wondering, where do you guys fall out?
Scott Santi: Well, I think given our margin profile, they're going to go -- they'll start to -- let's call it sort of sprinkle back in based on how the revenue recovers. So, I think as we've said throughout we are leaning into the investment side of the opportunity profile in the recovery, doesn't mean that we're going crazy, but ultimately, as Michael said the tactical cost savings in Q2 was in response to revenue levels that were down 29%. They will come all the way back in the third quarter, but they'll -- I think it -- I would assume a fairly linear sort of redeployment of some of those resources as things go forward based on in linear in line with revenue.
John Inch: It makes sense. Thanks both very much.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Andy Casey: Within construction, you talked about U.S. non-residential down in Q2; I would assume that probably impacted some other segments like Welding as well. What are you hearing from your customers about the second half? Is it is it getting worse or is there really no change visible?
Michael Larsen: Are you talking specifically on the commercial construction side, which is a fairly small portion of our business in North America or construction overall?
Andy Casey: Construction over all ex-resi [ph]
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean I think we don't expect a significant level of improvement on the commercial construction side here in the second half based on what we're seeing so far the strong demand is really like we said on the residential side through the home center channel, that's where we saw significant growth in Q2 and we do expect that seems to be holding up fairly well here in the near-term, but not on the commercial side.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you, Michael. And then on business wins from your ability to deliver the $100 million is pretty impressive. Did that come from things like auto or was it more prevalent in -- what might be shorter cycle business wins?
Michael Larsen: Sum of each, but I'm trying to -- auto was maybe a 20% of it.
Andy Casey: Well, that's pretty good. Okay, thanks very much.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning, everyone. I appreciate the color on the half two outlook for automotive and food service so please directionally, could you give us some color on the other segments that you're contemplating in the backup for those businesses?
Scott Santi: Yes, so and these are with all the caveats, again, in terms of being bottom up projections and back to -- we don't have a lot of backlog these are -- our business model is much more kind of a read and react. But, with all that said, I think on the Welding side, we still expect a fairly challenging second half particularly on the industrial side and probably down in the second half somewhere around 15% year-over-year. The Test & Measurement, Specialty businesses should perform a little bit better than that based on kind of current demand trends with some strength in consumer packaging. We talked about semi healthcare clean room those two segments could be down somewhere in the neighborhood of about 10%. And then construction as well as was Polymers & Fluids, maybe down in the mid single-digits, somewhere around that. But, I just want to make the point again around the real advantage that ITW have in terms of this highly diversified high quality set of businesses and the fact that there's room in these numbers because we know that some will perform -- have worse revenues that what I just told you and some will have better and if you put all that together that's what gives us the confidence in the second half scenarios that we laid-out in the in the presentation. But hopefully this is helpful in terms of additional transparency.
Ann Duignan: Absolutely, and I appreciate everything you said. That we're not locking down two decimal points here just directionally, it's helpful to understand what you're thinking or seeing. And then just a quick follow up, you mentioned that automotive OEMs are pursuing more strategies of supply within country of demand, but I thought automotive OEMs had already gone that route. And so maybe you could give us some examples of where -- are there opportunities for OEMs to source locally again that are not already doing. I think last quarter you might have mentioned OEMs considering moving back from Mexico potentially is that an opportunity or I'm just curious as to……
Scott Santi: I think -- without trying to think about how much I want to offer here out of -- from the standpoint of our need to obviously keep things our interactions with our customers confidential. But let me say that Europe represents probably an area from the standpoint of localization of some significant potential shift.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I’ll leave it there.
Scott Santi: Not just U.S.
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Ann Duignan: Just U.S. And have you heard any comments from OEMs about relocating from Mexico to U.S. or is that just chapter in the supply chain?
Scott Santi: I have not personally. No.
Ann Duignan: Okay, we get that question quite frequently. So I appreciate your color. Thank you. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Thank you, everyone.
Scott Santi: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, two for me. First on the restructuring side. Certainly interesting, right $50 million, $45 million of it, you probably would have just eating on a pay-as-you go basis without even kind of pointing it out if we were in normal times. For the businesses given kind of hopefully or like a once in a lifetime pandemic shot on goal for restructuring came up with $50 million bucks.
Scott Santi: I -- that's a shockingly low number. But I guess it's kind of a testament what you've told us before about how these businesses are operating. There's just not a lot of stuff laying around to do.
Jeff Sprague: And any other perspective on that and, and how quickly these actions might pay back.
Scott Santi: Well I think -- I think the perspective on your comments is just that, A, we've been working on sort of margin and operating efficiency for seven years. So there's -- and we can always get better. That's the $45 million, right. We're -- every year we're trying to be a little bit better. The other half of it, though, in terms of the $50 million -- the limited amount of incremental, that's pandemic related is goes back to what we said in the commentary, which is we're staying structured to support demand two to three quarters out. And we don't have any -- that's an advantage that we have given the margin cushion, given the cash flow profile. We expect the economy to revert to growth at some point, I can't tell you exactly when, but I think nobody's betting against the global economy long-term and we're going to stay, we're certainly not. And so $50 million is a response to the strategy that we've agreed on with all of our divisions, it says we're going to stay invested. And we're going to stay focused on making sure we can serve our customers and lean into growth as these businesses recover. And I'm not predicting necessarily a fast recovery; I'm just saying it's going to recover eventually.
Michael Larsen: And then the other thing I'd add, the other thing I'd add to that, Jeff, maybe more from a modeling perspective is that of the $50 million, we expect that to be more weighted towards Q3, maybe somewhere around two-thirds of it in the third quarter. And then I think the overall payback on these projects, what's really encouraging is it's, it's projected to be less than 12 months, which supports again continued improvement as Scott referenced in -- on the margin front in 2021. And I'll just point you saw the enterprise initiatives again, here, this quarter, 100 basis points and a significant chunk of that where are these 80/20 projects, which is the bulk of what we're talking about that are driving your continued margin improvement.
Jeff Sprague: And then secondly, maybe kind of a little bit more strategic Scott. But, very clear what you're saying about positioning to gain share to outperform in the recovery. But also just looking at your portfolio, right and sitting here kind of in the light of this pandemic and thinking about opportunities to kind of pivot in a different direction or a weakness exposed in a business that you haven't previously thought about, is there anything that really kind of comes to mind where you're thinking about kind of portfolio positioning that you might want to order as we look forward even if you don't want to [Indiscernible]
Scott Santi: Yes, this would be the perfect place to disclose that. So……..
Michael Larsen: I appreciate the question. I actually -- I sort of -- I think if anything is reinforcing our, the value of this diversified portfolio and let’s just sort of focus on what happened at auto this quarter. I -- auto has been our fastest growing -- it’s one of our fastest growing segments for the last five to seven years before we did the acquisition, we picked out sort of solid mid-20s margins. And I would honestly say that it's given the dynamics in the industry and the way we support that industry on a long-term basis, it's probably one of the segments that we think has the best long-term growth prospects. And the fact that we can absorb the kind of hit that we took in that business in the quarter and have that be offset by five of seven food equipments the other similar example. I think that's the kind of capability that allows us to stay invest where we want to stay invested the right the -- the sort of short-term ups and downs and not have to manage the portfolio based on some sort of….
Scott Santi: In view of the future that we are guessing that. We started and end with, is there a lot of value-add that we can create in an industry, the margins ultimately are the proof point on that. And ultimately, we don't want to be in shrinking industries. But GDP, GDP plus a little bit industries are great businesses for us. And when we've got those characteristics, and we can sink our teeth into those industries for 10 or 15 or 20 years that's a great position. So I don't -- nothing has been exposed in my mind from this in terms of any part of our in one of our seven businesses that has created any problems for us or things that we would make any changes in any way. I think we clearly [Technical difficulty] that we didn't run seven businesses pretty well. They don't work on the same cycles. They don't -- they're all affected by the pandemic in exactly the same way. And all of that together says to me, it's more about word let's go find the eighth one at some point. Not about, we got to get out of one of these.
Jeff Sprague: Yes, great. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: So, that's the big announcement of today.
Jeff Sprague: There are ways to what you ate [ph] there.
Michael Larsen: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss from BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Hey.
Scott Santi: Hey, Joel.
Michael Larsen: Hey, Joel.
Joel Tiss: Just a follow up on that that last idea you threw out there are acquisitions that they are popping off? Are they getting a little more attractively priced or anything you're starting to come a little closer on feeling like it's time to do something?
Scott Santi: I will just comment and say that I think if you're a business that is not in distress during these times, this is not a time a good time to sell your business. So I think that the kinds of opportunities that may emerge are some quarters out and have less to do with sort of near-term financial distress and perhaps, relative to more strategic merits over the long haul. So, we're not spending a lot of time on, trying to try to build a pipeline right now at all because it's -- again, if you're a good quality business, this is probably not -- you're not going to sell with your numbers where they are today.
Michael Larsen: Something came my way to [Indiscernible] that that we thought was a real fit, we would certainly be willing to take the real serious look at it. So it's not an issue of our-- ownership demand. It's more an issue probably of supply in the near-term. The kinds of things that we would want -- we would be interested in.
Joel Tiss: Okay, and you given us a couple of a couple of pieces of some of the highlights on, acting to stay ahead of the curve and to benefit to win in the recovery. Can you kind of pull it all together? Staying there for your customers is one thing you've highlighted a couple times. Are there any other pieces that we should be thinking about?
Scott Santi: Well, we talked about certainly supply chain localization, we talked about staying invested in our innovation programs, our strategic sales excellence. I don't think there's a whole lot beyond those broad categories that -- and I think there's probably some pretty good potential for some significant substance in those broad categories. This is not an easy period to manage your supply your cash flow during this kind of stress on the down and then on the recovery side. And there's a lot of disruption right now and so our ability to stay the course we have to believe is A, the either right thing to do for our customers long-term makes us even stickier with them, in fact they are taking -- count on us through thick and thin. And certainly there ought to be some opportunities where perhaps people we compete with in various businesses unable to do that it’s on our consistent that may spin-off some opportunities for us. That's about as complicated as it is.
Joel Tiss: Okay, okay thanks. And definitely your strategy is showing it's excellent during these times. So, thank you very much.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Nigel.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Yes, so the comment about taking advantage of the stress I think is really interesting. It's not something that we hear from some other companies that we cover. So I'm just curious if you are seeing some real signs of your distress and with the competitors, and perhaps, food equipments and your pockets in the auto channel might be the more obvious places, but I'm just wondering if you're seeing that now was there something you expecting to see maybe from inventory shortfalls or an inability to ramp up me anymore color would be really helpful.
Scott Santi: Yes, I would say, in the near-term, it's probably too early. Yes, right now volumes are still just starting to recover. We're not seeing that a lot of distress, a lot of the programs that I referenced in my commentary that are new are related to new opportunities. And that -- there's no I can try to think through the list. There's no competitor distress component to any of those. But there were people we competed with for those programs that we aren't able to commit to the same delivery, the delivery timetable we could that ultimately want us the business of that. So that I'm trying to make that distinction in the short run. But look, I would certainly say that there is from the standpoint of product availability, the impact of cash flow, working capital if this cycle starts to go to, if it gets in the growth mode. And there's going to be some cash flow constraints on people, their ability to fund working capital, if the rate we can certainly and keep up as things accelerate. I think that's more where those opportunities start to emerge.
Nigel Coe: Right now, that's another question rather. And then my follow up is, it seems but when I look at your kind of -- your framework for revenues and ROI [ph] for this year, it looks like you're still planning for the detrimental around about gross margin rates in the back half of the year, correct me if I am wrong Michael. But does that imply that when you get on the other side of this and you don't have a lot of these discretionary costs come back in other do you have that your incremental can be higher on recovery? Normally you have 35% plus and price savings. Does that look more like a 40% plus, plus EF going forward or mean any color that would be good as well?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think that's a fair comment Nigel, I think that when the recovery when demand really starts to pick up here on a year-over-year basis, you're going to see some higher than usual incremental margins from ITW. I think in terms of the second half question, if you just look at the framework we've provided. And again, we're not really focused on managing to a decremental margin number here in the near-term. I think is -- as we said, is much more around positioning for the long-term, but decrementals, kind of in the low 40s for the second half, a little bit higher than that in Q3 as a result of the restructuring and then in Q4 like we said on the last call, we expect to be back in kind of a more normal decremental margin in the 35% to 40% area. But really the most important part of your question is when we do expect higher incrementals when things begin to accelerate here in a meaningful way.
Nigel Coe: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel. Your line is open.
Nathan Jones: Good morning everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: I just wanted to ask a question on the food equipment side of the issue. You're seeing a lot of restaurants closing down permanently operating at lower capacity. What's your view on the likelihood that, there's going to be a fair amount of used equipment in the market, some customers here are going to be stressed. Maybe not looking to buy the high quality ITW equipment in the short-term here. And whether or not that could even have any impact the used equipment in the market on the institutional side of the business over the next few quarters here?
Scott Santi: Yes, I think if you look at the product lines that we compete with, at the top tier, the used equipment market is not really an issue for us. It's much more an impacted mid tier competitors and not to people like ITW. In terms of where restaurants might end up? I think that's an open question. I mean, I think clearly, we've seen a meaningful decline in the near-term here on the restaurants and the QSR side and we'll continue to stay close to it and we'll be there to support our customers every step of the way, including with the service side of things, which is a really important part of opening these restaurants back up again that really starts -- service call to make sure that all the equipment is operational and done what it's supposed to do for our customers. So that's really how I would think about that. Nathan.
Nathan Jones: That's helpful color. You just commented that you’re not spending a lot of time building the M&A pipeline at the moment. You had suspended the their share repurchase program given, very strong cash flow, good outlook for free cash flow for the rest of the year. What are your thoughts about the timing of reinstating the share repurchase program?
Scott Santi: Yes, I think that's a -- it's a fair question, just given how strong the free cash flow performance is and how strong the liquidity and the financial position of the company is. At this point, it's still early stages in terms of the recovery and our position is we're going to wait until this recovery path is a little bit clearer until we reinstate cash share repurchases. So we've -- for now we remain kind of on hold until we see how things might play out a little more clearly going forward.
Nathan Jones: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your last question comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, guys for squeezing me in. I mean, most of mine have been answered. And I don't know that you will answer this one. It's just a follow up on M&A and just your preferences with the current portfolio on what you might want to add to and I'm just wondering, as the relative attractiveness of the various end markets, shifted it all in this new environment and I'm, thinking specifically about food. I think this is an area that most of us from the outside might have assumed that rank higher in the packing order in terms of areas so might like to add to in the future. I don't think I'm going out on a big win there. In reality in this type of downturn, it's turned out to be your most cyclical business, whereas the market like construction, which is supposed to be most cyclical was down in the lease in the third quarter -- in the second quarter, I think because of what's happening at the home centers and consumers investing in the home and so forth. So really just asking, how is the -- has a relative packing order changed at all or the you just still look at this kind of the exact same way they would have before?
Scott Santi: Well, I think your commentary sort of almost answered the question from my perspective, which is everything you said that nobody saw coming. And the next time we go through some contraction, I'm sure it will absolutely not be -- not work exactly this way. So I think in terms of relative attraction, what in every one of our businesses, every one of the seven, given the margin return on capital profile there that that if we had the right opportunities, we would certainly think about adding to all of them. And that's, again, we're taking a long-term view so that is dependant on where they are in terms their near-term relative distress. So, we wouldn't be afraid to add scale anywhere, but it's going to have to be -- we don't need to talk about scale in terms of the size of our position we don't -- we get no benefit from scale in terms of cost, given the way we run 80/20. So, we would only act if we had an opportunity to add to one of our positions -- really differentiated products access to a new market, a new end market, a new geography, etcetera. So there has to be some long-term benefit, but I don't think we chide away from any. I wouldn't necessarily rate any sort of higher priority lower priority across the seven.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, got it. Just one quick housekeeping one just for I think for Michael. Yes Michael, on your scenario analysis applied the $60 million of restructuring spend in the$ 45 million from 80/20. Is that baked into your various margin scenarios or your margin scenarios excluding those costs?
Michael Larsen: It is included. So we're -- as you become accustomed to. We don't adjust numbers here. So this is really these are the GAAP numbers that we're showing on the page and everything is included here including the restructuring.
Ross Gilardi:
what:
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Karen Fletcher for closing remarks.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and stay well.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] For those participating in the Q&A, you'll have an opportunity to ask one question and if needed one follow-up question. Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Julianne. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW’s First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm joined by our; Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; Vice Chairman, Chris O’Herlihy; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW’s first quarter 2020 financial results as well as the impact of the global pandemic on our business and our strategy for managing through it. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2019 Form 10-K, the Form 8-K filed today, and the Form 10-Q to be filed on May 7, for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to slide 3. And it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen and good morning, everyone. Stating the obvious, a lot has changed relative to the environment we operated in for most of the first quarter. As a result, our focus this morning will be on the company's response to the COVID-19 pandemic and, more specifically, our strategy to leverage ITW’s considerable strengths in executing on the challenges and opportunities ahead. I will provide some brief commentary on our Q1 performance, and then we will transition to our pandemic strategy. We have included much of our normal quarterly performance detail in the appendix and you are of course, welcomed to ask questions regarding our Q1 results during the Q&A session at the conclusion of our presentation. As Karen noted, I've asked our Vice Chairman, Chris O’Herlihy to join Michael and me on the call this morning, as I thought that it would be helpful for you to hear perspectives from all three of us and how we are managing through the near-term challenges of the containment period we're currently in and on the actions we are taking now and will take over the coming weeks and months to ensure that the company is positioned to participate fully in the recovery.  Before we jump in, I want to offer our heartfelt thanks to all of our ITW colleagues around the world. We talk often about the fact that our decentralized entrepreneurial culture is a key element of ITW’s secret sauce. It is core to who we are as a company, and it is never more valuable than during times of significant and in this case, rapid change. The proactive teamwork, ingenuity and selflessness of our people and quickly adapting to rapidly changing conditions and tackling new challenges that seemingly arise daily at the moment is ITW at its finest. We thank all of our colleagues for the incredible level of care and commitment they are bringing to keeping their co-workers safe, while continuing to serve our customers with excellence. The fact that the ITW team has responded exactly as we expected they would doesn't make it any less extraordinary. Now on to first quarter results, total revenue declined 9% year on year with organic revenue down 6.6%, currency at 1.5% headwind, a negative 1% impact from divestitures and 40 basis points of PLS.  The majority of the organic revenue decline occurred in the last two weeks of March where we saw organic revenue down more than 20%. By geography, North America was down 5% and Europe was down 7%, China was down 24% for the quarter, but appears to have bottomed in February and was flat year on year in April. An encouraging sign. In the face of a challenging demand environment, we continue to execute well on the elements within our control. Despite a 9% decline in revenues, operating margin was flat at 23.6%, 5 of our 7 segments expanded margins in the quarter due largely to benefits from enterprise initiatives which contributed 120 basis points to operating margin at the enterprise level. After tax return on invested capital is 27% and free cash flow was $554 million with a conversion rate of 98% of net income. Lastly, as noted in our press release this morning, given the uncertainties regarding the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are suspending our previously announced guidance for full year 2020. We will resume guidance once and market stabilized and the recovery path becomes more clear.  Now let's shift gears and talk about how we will manage ITW through the global pandemic. Please turn to slide 4. Despite the unusual and in some cases unprecedented challenges of the moment, we continue to execute at a high level and with our usual degree of focus and discipline across the company. As a result of all the work we have done over the last 7 years in executing our enterprise strategy and the progress we have made on the path to our full potential performance, ITW is today in a position of significant strength in dealing with the effects of the global pandemic.  Today's ITW is centered on our powerful and proprietary business model and our people are better trained and more skilled at executing it than ever before in the history of our company. ITW is 80/20 front to back methodology and the laser light focus that drives on the relative handful of critical performance, difference makers, and every one of our businesses has served the company extremely well in times of both opportunity and challenge for a long time now. I have no doubt that this unique ITW skill will be a significant asset to us as we work our way through the COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath.  In addition, as I mentioned earlier, we are very fortunate to have a decentralized operating structure and an entrepreneurial culture that has been developed, nurtured, and protected over many years. Our people think and act like owners. They are accountable and they deliver. They are deeply trained in our business model, our strategy and our values and I assure you that even in an unprecedented times such as these, none of them are waiting around to be told what to do. In addition, in today's ITW, we have worked hard in shaping our portfolio and driving consistent high quality execution across every business in it, both to position the company to deliver consistent upper tier long term earnings growth, when global conditions are favorable and to build in a margin cushion and level of diversification, that makes us highly resilient during most periods when they are not. And it follows from there that the robust free cash flow we generate through our strong margin profile, and the unique attributes of our business model, combined with our very, disciplined capital allocation strategy, gives us an extremely strong balance sheet and Tier 1 credit ratings. So with these elements is our foundation, our strategy for managing through the pandemic and its aftermath is to focus, on the following four priorities. First, to protect the health and support the well being of our ITW colleagues, second, to continue to serve our customers with excellence, third, to maintain financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality and fourth, to leverage ITW strengths to position the company to fully participate, in the recovery. Chris will give you some additional color on priorities one and two. Michael will cover priority three and I will come back and cover priority four. And then, we'll open it up for your questions, Chris. Good morning, over to you.
Chris O’Herlihy: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. This is a challenging time for all of us, as the world continues to grapple with the effects of a global pandemic. At this point, I'm sure that every one of us has been impacted by this situation, in ways that were unimaginable just a few months ago. And ITW as a company and the community is certainly being affected. Having said that, and Scott reference, or divisional leaders think and act like owners, are able to react quickly and take the necessary actions to protect our people and serve our customers, which is a particular advantage of the company, in times of significant challenge. Let's move to slide 6. The actions were taken to protect the health and support, the well being of our colleagues. We developed and deployed a number of practices to minimize exposure. And prevent the spread of COVID-19 and keep our colleagues safe. We have followed CDC, WHO, and local government guidelines in doing so. Out ITW colleagues have redesigned production processes to ensure proper social distancing practices, adjusted shift schedules and assignments that have colleagues who have childcare needs, due to school closings and implemented aggressive new water and sanitation practices, to minimize infection risk. We're also providing full compensation to employees, who have been quarantined. In addition, our strategic sourcing team is heavily engaged in helping our businesses, by coordinating the procurement of personal protective equipment, to ensure all our employees receive the protection they need. I'm pleased to say, that as a result of our containment efforts, to this point we've largely been able to restrict infections to single cases, in a minority of our locations, which is a testament to the actions our colleagues have taken to implement sound sanitation practices and social distancing and to protect one another, to the best of their abilities. Turning to slide 7, let's shipped to another important stakeholder group and how we continue to serve our customers with excellence. To support our customers, our teams have worked diligently to keep our factories open and operating safely. In areas around the world where governments have issued shelter in place orders, the vast majority of ITW businesses have been designated as critical or essential businesses. And as such, they're needed to really an open and operational. In some cases, it's because our products directly impact, the COVID-19 response effort. For example, our welding equipment is used to manufacture hospital beds or structural products are utilized to build temporary medical facilities, or test and measurement products test medical and laboratory equipment. Our Polymers & Fluids products sanitize workplaces. And our food service equipment is used to feed people in hospitals. In other cases, our businesses are designated as critical, because they play a vital role in serving and supporting industries. They're essential to the physical and economic health of our communities. Although, some facilities are subject to mandatory shutdowns, roughly 95% of our global manufacturing capacity is currently available to be deployed to serve our customers. The same is true for our service networks, particularly in food equipment and test and measurement, which we continue to keep fully available in order to ensure that we can help keep essential businesses and healthcare facilities in operation. In both cases, across all segments, we continue to maintain best-in-class performance for product and service quality and the availability. Finally, we're rigorously managing our supplier base to both mitigate near-term supply risk for critical raw materials and components and ensure that we are positioned to win in a wide range recovery scenarios going forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Larsen: Okay, thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. Well, that’s the primary objective of our enterprise strategy, an important byproduct, if you will, a lot of work done over the last seven years is that ITW is in a position of considerable financial strength to deal with highly disruptive events, such as this global pandemic. In many ways, ITW was built for times like this. And through the pandemic, we will manage the company to maintain our financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality so that we can leverage our strong financial foundation and resilient profitability profile to position the company for maximum participation in the recovery. Turn to Slide 9, there's no question that in Q2, we will see an unprecedented level of demand contraction due to the complete shutdown of wide swaths of the global economy. ITW has more than enough financial strength and resilient – resilience to withstand this kind of shock to the system, that the global economy is under experience over the next several months. We are prepared for it. We'll get through it. And we'll come out the other side strongly positioned for the recovery. As we sit here today, one month into the quarter, we're estimating the Q2 revenues will be down 30% to 40% on a year-over-year basis. Obviously, there's a fair amount of uncertainty around how May and June actually play out but that is our current view. As you would expect, given that most of our automotive OEM customers in North America and Western Europe have been essentially shut down since mid-March, and are only beginning to restart production in early to mid-May. Our automotive OEM business will be the hardest hit with revenues potentially down 60% to 70% year-over-year. And abrupt decline of this magnitude in the quarter is pretty unprecedented. As difficult as it may look, if it plays out this way, we expect that ITW will still make operating profit in the $200 million to $400 million range, generate free cash flow of more than $500 million and end the Q2 with cash on hand of about $1.5 billion. Onto slide 10. Knowing that we have the financial strength to withstand whatever comes our way over the next few months, our number one priority becomes positioning to play offense in the recovery. And this is an area where our strong margin profile really helps us. Whether the pace of recovery is fast or slow, V shaped or U shaped, over the next few quarters, it doesn't really impact us that much. Under very fast paced recovery, we end up down 15% for the full year, and margins are 19% to 21%. They're much slower recovery, revenues are down 25%. Yet, our margins are still a very strong 17% to 19%. This is against a backdrop, where most of the companies that our divisions compete with came into the pandemic, with margins at half of ours or less. As a result, a number of them may have to retrench in a major way in order to get through the epidemic, potentially creating some significant share gain opportunities for us in the recovery. With our margin cushion, we are concerned with how quickly demand is going to recover in Q3 or Q4. We can be fairly certain that it will be incrementally better than Q2. But beyond that, it really doesn't affect us a whole lot, which allows us to think long-term and positioned for maximum participation in the recovery, making sure that we are in a strong position to fully support our customers, as their businesses begin to re accelerate, and that we are in an equally strong position to take share from competitors, who can't, is the central imperative of our pandemic response planning for every one of our divisions. We will, of course, need to manage our businesses smartly across our portfolio and make some meaningful capacity and cost structure adjustments in businesses, where we expect prolonged recovery periods, or maybe even permanent demand impacts from the pandemic. But as we always do, we will leave those decisions in the hands of our divisional leaders as they are in the best position to assess the pace and slope of the cut of the recovery in each of their respective businesses. Turning to slide 11. The financial benefits of our enterprise strategy, combined with the work done to optimize our capital efficiency, capital structure and capital allocation over the years, has put ITW in a very strong position going into this crisis. At quarter end, we have more than $1.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand. At the end of Q1 and it's still the case. As of today, we have essentially no short-term debt. And we have not issued any commercial paper. Why you might ask? Simply put, because we don't need to cash. We have a $2.5 billion undrawn credit facility available to us, if needed in the future bring our total liquidity to about $4 billion as we sit here today. Our net leverage is only 1.7 times and our next maturity is pretty small, $350 million and not until September 2021. High quality of earnings and strong free cash flow are hallmarks of ITW. As you know, we consistently generate significantly more cash than we need for internal purposes. And our annual conversion rate from net income is consistently above 100%. We expect that to continue to be the case, as we manage our way through the pandemic. As evidenced by Tier 1 credit ratings that are the highest in our peer group, we continue to have excellent access to credit markets in the event that we needed. During this time of market volatility, it's also worth mentioning that our pension plans, have remained in great shape. Over the years, we have consistently funded and de risked our plans. And as we sit here today, our largest U.S. plan is funded at 104%. Turning to slide 12. So how do we think about and adjust our capital allocation approach during the pandemic? First, with regard to the dividend. We recognize the importance of ITW's dividend to our long term shareholders. We have a long history, with more than 56 years of growing the dividend. And we are part of a small group of so-called dividend aristocrats, and one of about 18 companies that has increased its dividend for more than 50 years. And we view the dividend as a critical component of ITW's total shareholder return model. Since 2012, we have increased the annualized dividend from $1.52 per share to currently $4.28 per share, a cumulative annual growth rate of 16%. Simply put, we remain strongly committed to our dividend and as we sit here today, we do not see a scenario where we would have to reduce the dividend. In terms of strategic optionality, we are clearly in a position of strength, with ample balance sheet capacity. And we're certainly open to the possibility that opportunities might emerge as a result of the pandemic. It could be in the form of more reasonable valuation opportunities for assets that we were already interested in, as well as some unique opportunities with quality companies that may not have the financial strength to weather the pandemic. Given our financial strength and ample capacity, we will be in a strong position to react to any high quality strategic opportunities that may emerge. We will continue to fully fund all internal investment and CapEx projects that meet our criteria, like we always have, but the number will likely come down in terms of aggregate spend in the near term, simply due to the fact that we don't need any capacity expansion projects for the next several quarters. Finally, I think, it comes as no surprise to anyone that we have suspended share repurchases until end markets stabilize and the recovery path becomes clearer. With that, I'll turn it back over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Michael. And as a priority four, which is all about leveraging our strengths to make sure that every one of our businesses are strongly positioned to fully participate in the recovery. In short, we are going to be there to serve every bit of our customers' needs as their businesses begin to reaccelerate and be well prepared to capture any share gain opportunities that may come our way.  Food equipment had a good quarter with organic growth up 2% year-over-year despite a tough comp of 5% organic growth last year. The service business was solid up 4% in the quarter. Equipment growth of 1% reflects double-digit growth in retail and modest decline in institutional and restaurants against tough year-over-year comps for both of those. Operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 27.5% with enterprise initiatives, the main contributor. Test and measurement in electronics had a very strong quarter with test and measurement up 6% with 13% growth in our Instron business. The segment also experienced a meaningful pickup in demand from semiconductor customers. Electronics was up 2%. Margin was the highlight as the team expanded operating margins 330 basis points to a record, 28.1% the highest in the company this quarter with strong contributions from enterprise initiatives and volume leverage. Also in the quarter, we divested in electronics business with 2019 revenues of approximately $60 million. In the face of an unprecedented demand contraction in Q2, as Michael commented earlier, we will still generate operating income in the hundreds of million dollars and generate over $500 million in free cash flow. We will manage discretionary expenses prudently, but we don't need to start cutting muscle immediately. And we certainly want to avoid doing so, before we have some level of indication as to the shape and slope of the recovery in each of our businesses. With this principle in mind, to this point, we are providing full compensation and benefits support to all ITW colleagues around the world. And we're going to do our best to sustain that level of support for all of our people through at least the end of Q2. We are doing it because we are in a position to support our people at a time of great personal and family stress and uncertainty. And we think that it's the right thing to do. But we're also doing it to protect the significant investment we have made in training and developing great ITW people and great ITW leaders over the past seven years. As Michael mentioned, it is likely that we will need to make some staffing adjustments to align with prolonged or permanently lower demand in some of our businesses as a result of the pandemic. So we are committed to being there for all of our people during the worst of this, and we will take the time to make whatever longer-term adjustments need to be made thoughtfully. The second principle is that we're going to lean into the upside by remaining invested in structure to capture incremental demand. Given the profitability of our core businesses in the strength of our financial position, what's the bigger risk for ITW, carrying more cost and it turns out we need for a few months or cutting too much and not being able to fully serve the needs of our customers and take share from our competitors as the recovery accelerates. Obviously, we believe short sheet and the upside potential of the recovery would be the far bigger mistake for ITW. And we're going to plan and execute our recovery strategies accordingly. The third principle is that we're going to leverage the strength of ITW to protect investment in areas of strategic importance to the execution of our long-term strategy. We're early in our planning around all these areas. But as one example, prior to the pandemic, we invested two plus years in our strategic sales excellence initiative that included significant investments in new sales and sales leadership talent. We have the financial capacity to protect these types of long-term strategic investments. And doing so is worth a lot more over the long-term to the company, there are a few extra detrimental margin points in the short-term. That being said, decremental margins should likely be in our normal 35% to 40% range in Q4. Between now and then, we're going to focus on making sure ITW is in a strong position to fully participate in the recovery. Turning to slide 14, this is just a reminder that our long-term strategic priorities remain unchanged that we are committed to achieving and sustaining ITW potential performance, and continuing on our quest to firmly establish ITW as one of the world's best performing, highest quality, and most respected industrial companies. Now let's move on to slide 15 to wrap things up. Once again on behalf of Chris, Michael and I, and our entire executive leadership team, we thank our ITW colleagues around the world for the exceptional job they are doing under the most challenging circumstances. As of right now, there's no way to know how severe this crisis will be, how long it will last, or how quickly our customers and then markets will recover. What I do know is that the strength and resilience of ITW’s business model and our people put us in about a stronger position as an industrial manufacturing company can be in, to deal with that whatever will unfold over the coming weeks and months. I have every confidence that ITW will rise to the challenges we always have over the course of our 108-year history. Our strong financial position and margin profile give us the ability to make strategic moves now to position the company to fully participate across a range of recovery scenarios, and to come out the other side ready to continue on our path to ITW full potential performance. With that, Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Scott. As a reminder, please see the appendix in today's slide deck for the usual segment detail for the first quarter. So Julianne, let’s open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning, everybody. Appreciate being on the call. Scott, maybe you could talk a little bit about your various businesses and whether you would anticipate that any of the businesses might be permanently impaired rather than just cyclical and I'm thinking welding, oil and gas, I'm thinking through the equipment, you know, et cetera, et cetera. How are you thinking about that as we look forward?
Scott Santi: I'd say and overall, it's just way too early to tell. I think, I don't see anything you know, we have a division that provides support equipment to the airline industry is probably among the ones that I would say would see kind of the longest tail in terms of recovery. But from where we sit today, as early as it is in this whole process, it's I don't – I don't see anything that that would be sort of obvious or apparent in terms of permanent change or damage, if you will, from this pandemic. There may be but we'll deal with it.
Michael Larsen: I might just add Ann, if you specific to oil and gas, if you look at the enterprise level, our sales into oil and gas are in the no single-digits and maybe as you were pointing out, primarily in welding, maybe 15% to 20% of welding depending on what year you're in, primarily on the international side. But as Scott said, it's really too early to tell what the recovery path might look like in that part of the company.
Ann Duignan: Perfect, thank you. And then maybe just to follow up on the strategic M&A and the opportunities to update at maximum participation when the recovery occurs, could you just expand on that a little bit? Like, it is interesting to hear you comment on that?
Scott Santi: Well, I think there is no, this is no, nothing I would characterize as a change in strategy, we had certainly talked for some time about the addition of some incremental growth from acquisitions as a core part of our strategy. I think there's, you know, it's not rocket science to anticipate that there are going to be either from the standpoint of a reset on valuation and/or given the level of financial stress its going to be out there that there might be some opportunities emerge as a result in our own commentary is that we are going to preserve our ability to access those that doesn't change the criteria one but this is not a matter of looking at things that we would have not looked at otherwise, but the sort of relative availability of things that would fit – I would expect would be perhaps more enhanced as a result of the situation.
Ann Duignan: So we shouldn't anticipate you stepping up and making a larger than expected acquisition in a new platform or anything like that. Is that what you're saying? That there's no change in the strategy, just the opportunities might be more?
Scott Santi: Yeah, well, I'm not sure I would limit it based on size. I think it's a function of stick with that strategy. Obviously, we've talked about that criteria in the past and we’ve got an opportunity that kind of business that has high value add content in terms of their products and the way their products impact their customers, and where we see a significant ability to impact the performance of a business through the application of our business model. That's what I'm saying is the same as it's always been. Whether that's big or small, will be a function of the quality of the asset less than the size.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I appreciate. I'll get back into thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Hey, Scott, Michael.
Scott Santi : Good morning
John Inch: Good morning. And Chris, given that there's no centralized cost containment actions that you guys are announcing today, I'm wondering, if the detrimental as you've presented include assumptions that the businesses preserve respective cost containment actions or are they more of a kind of a worst case scenario?
Scott Santi : I'm trying to interpret the question. I think, John, I think if I'm going to paraphrase here, I think you're asking, what is included from a restructuring standpoint for the balance of the year?
John Inch: Sure. Recognizing -- recognizing that you're not doing it centrally? It's coming from the businesses.
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah. Absolutely, I mean, I think the honest answer is until we know what the recovery path looks like, and the divisions have had a chance to really interpret, you know, division-by-division, what that path is, and therefore, what capacity and cost, adjustments need to be made. We don't know what the restructuring is going to be. But obviously, we have included in the numbers that we're showing you today, a placeholder for an educated guess I hope for what restructuring might be. But it really is. John, as you might appreciate, too early to tell at this point.
Scott Santi: Yeah. And I think the sort of core planning mandate around this and everything we've just tried to articulate is we're going to spend the next couple of quarters really making sure that we're in the right position to fully support our customers and access any incremental growth opportunities that might emerge from this recovery phase. And we'll – we'll do what we always do. We'll adjust our cost structure smartly. We're not going to do it through some, either from on high we're going to do it business-by-business. That's no different than we've always done it. The difference now is that, we are have positioned from the standpoint of entry margins and the final cushion that we have is we can take the time to plan our way through it in a way that doesn't necessarily does our best to protect The upside potential next really all we're saying, I said in my comments that, we'll be back to our normal incremental by Q4. But there's really no benefit to us that I see of trying to as I said, when the – when the containment phase and you know, how fast we can cut costs is not is not something that we have to worry about, we have the luxury of building this position doesn't mean, we're not going to be smart. It doesn't mean, we're not going to have to adjust our cost structure over time, but we're going to do it from a position of much greater clarity business by businesses to how this is likely going to play out. That clarity doesn't exist today. It's very hard to see until we get much further down through Q2 and into Q3.
John Inch: Based on the way you're set, yeah, well – I was going to say Scott based on the way you're standing up for your people, I bet you you're going to get an awful lot of people knocking, very qualified people knocking on your doors wanting to work for ITW is this whole thing progresses.
Scott Santi: We’re just trying to be the same. Thank you.
John Inch: Well, no but it's other companies are not following this tax. So I think it's worth calling out. My question is, hold on. I don't have COVID, just – coming out of this, because there's been no broader centralized temporary cost actions, that you have to kind of get layer back because other companies are taught in leading model 2021. Please don't assume very high incremental because we have to layer in all these costs that have to come back that are temporary. Could you possibly infer that, I know you talked about the detrimental is going back to 30%, 35% in the fourth quarter because there's no big centralized temporary actions, could be incremental in 2021 be closer to 40% coming out of this, if not even a little bit higher?
Scott Santi: I see no reason why they wouldn't be our normal 35 plus.
John Inch: Perfect. That answers it. Thank you.
Chris O’Herlihy: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citibank. Your line is open. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning guys. Hope you're well.
Chris O’Herlihy: Thank you, Andrew. Same to you.
Andrew Kaplowitz: As you know, one of the main topics that you're going to talk about at your Investor Day that was canceled by the pandemic was to give us more color on ITWs overall portfolio, in terms of its ability to outgrow in the markets. So when you look at the 30% to 40% drop in Q2, we know a lot of it is auto related, but even excluding auto, it appears you're thinking about 20% and 30% decline for the rest of the businesses. So are any of these businesses still expected to underperform their markets or is it really that ITW has simply levered to some end markets right now such as auto or food equipment when the markets are just challenged by the pandemic? 
Scott Santi: Well, I, I'd say a couple of things, specifically around Q2. One is, certainly in auto and -- what's going on in restaurants right now, food equipment and the whole sort of CapEx environment, why would most companies are certainly pulling back big time in any sort of CapEx until they have more clarity as to what the future will hold. What I would say also is in Q2 that's certainly a significant multiplier is all the supply chain, the brakes go on, there's a multiplying effect of both. Beyond just the consumption of whatever the products are. It's related to the reduction, radical reduction in inventories to supportive, significant double-digit drop. So I'm not sure there's a lot of comparisons to the market and that valid and Q2 for that reason. Let's get through it. Let the smoke clear a little bit and see how things are starting to normalize in Q3 before we make any assessments in terms of relative growth. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: And Scott maybe if I can follow up on that, you usually guide to run rates, so is that kind of what’s -- and then maybe…
Scott Santi: We used to give Q2 run rate we don’t quit.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So maybe you can talk about sort of what you're seeing in April and then, pecking order, you mentioned, we talked about food equipment, we know auto is going to be the worst, so any sort of more color on which markets may outperform or which markets may be weaker with them -- the understanding that auto and food equipment…
Scott Santi: Yeah. Let me ask Michael address for April and sort of the relative Q2 performance across the segment.
Michael Larsen: Yeah I think, Andy, as we pointed out the hardest hit segment as you might expect is the one that we're calling out specifically with automotive down 60% to 70%. And I think as you called out, that is a 10 point drag on our overall enterprise top line. So if you were to say ex-auto, we -- balance of the businesses is down in that 20% to 30% range. Food equipment certainly one of the more challenged businesses here in the short term, particularly in the restaurant side, without going into too much detail, but we're seeing a lot more resilience in food within on the institutional side, whether it'd be health care or education as well as on the retail side, as you might imagine. So, but overall food equipment will certainly be more challenge than the average, probably down in that 35% to 45% range here in the in the near term, and recovery will depend on all the things that you're aware of in terms of when these restaurants are able to open back up again, when we’re able to co service the equipment and so forth. Welding certainly challenged on the CapEx side. We talked a lot about the oil and gas exposure their. Welding would be down probably in line with the average of the company and then from there, there's some pretty good resilience in places like testing measurements, specialties and will probably be down in that 10% to 20% range. So, I think this is as difficult of Q2 as certainly, we've seen and it happened that as you know, very quickly. And I'll just point back to the overall profitability of the company. I mean, even with these numbers I just went through, we are going to be very profitable. We're going to generate more than $0.5 billion of free cash flow. We'll have at the enterprise level, double digit operating margins. There'll be higher than some of our peers going into before this whole, pre COVID situation. So it's a real position of strength, even with this macro shock that we're dealing with, we'll get through the near term and, we'll be much stronger when we come out the other end. So, that's kind of my segment a little bit of detail for you. April is tracking. I think we had a forecast going into -- we developed early. April, we thought we'd be down 30% to 40%. And April is tracking. April will – April and May, will be difficult months. There are some indications that things are starting to improve. I think Scott mentioned by region, China, for example, we had a bottom probably in the month of February down in the mid 30s. And April was flat so, in the automotive business might be flat in Q2 here in China. So, there's certainly some early signs that things have bottomed here in April and May, like I said difficult and then we'll see June. But obviously, all of this with the usual caveats. This is a highly uncertain situation. But, I'd say, as we sit here today, I'm pretty confident that we're seeing the worst of it right now. And we'll get through this. And we'll see what the second half of the year is going to look like in terms of recovery.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color guys.
Scott Santi: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning and hope everyone is healthy. Glad everyone is healthy and well. I just want to ask the question on the market share opportunity. I thought that's very interesting, sort of coming out of the down turn here. So, when you think about your markets, your strategy will be more focused on certain businesses that you view is more attractive within your portfolio broad based and then historically, how has -- where you see the biggest opportunities in downturns historically? What was the type of market share that it ITW usually gets in just sort of how sticky is that market share? Thank you.
Scott Santi: Well, I think this is certainly -- I'm not sure. Certainly, from my own perspective, how much past history is really relevant and valid. We're a very different company today than we were under -- in any prior contraction. And I would say, the other element is, this is a harder, faster, more challenging decline than any of us -- anybody's ever been through. So from the standpoint of the kinds of potential impacts it may have on a number of companies and what that might do ultimately to -- think about sort of the hard crash in a relatively robust kind of recovery, there's going to be a lot of -- you're going to have to be able to respond quickly all the way through the supply chain, not just your own capacity. So there's going to be a lot of challenges around. All of that, depending on different industries and how they ultimately recover in the pace. So I can't certainly predict or say that we have any view that one part of our company is going to be more ripe for those kinds of opportunities than others at this particular stage. What I am saying is, we're going to be prepared in every one of our businesses to be there, to be able to seize those opportunities if and when they emerge. And I think that's all I can say. We are -- I think we've done a lot of work on the portfolio, to say there's any part of our portfolio that we don't want to grow incrementally at this point, and it is not the way I would characterize it. I would also say that we're not going to -- we're not interested in superficial gains here. We're interested in share gains in areas where we're already focused. That’s it. The way we're trying to serve and grow our positions in these markets for the long haul. So, we're not going to be looking for a quick sale and bailing out a competitor in an area that's not of interest to us long term. And that's a lot of what we're going through in the planning right now, is to not only make sure we have the capacity to support those incremental opportunities, but to make sure that our divisions have real clarity in terms of exactly where they're looking to grab those opportunities and where they're not.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate your insights.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, all and just wanted to echo the earlier comment on kind of that refreshing approach on preserving the employee base and kind of being farsighted on this. It's certainly not very common, as what we've heard so far.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I guess, Scott, just to follow up on Jamie's question there, when you think about what that means in terms of being able to attract more market shares as we exit. And it probably varies business by business, but is it competitors who have gutted the Salesforce, is it product development? What exactly does that -- maybe, it's probably not capacity. But what does that mean to you in terms of the means by which to do that? Yes. I like I said, I can imagine that. It's probably not a raw capacity issue. So where do you think ITW have the biggest advantage based on what you're doing today?
Scott Santi: Well, yes, I think it's harder to sort of characterize in one description a range of scenarios, but I do think the productive capacity is actually a big part of it, that as these markets turn, to the extent you haven't kept cushion in your supply chain, cushion in your capacity. Again, you can have the machines sitting around, but if you don't have the people there, you don't have the suppliers there ready to go, think about a scenario where we're in the second quarter, businesses in an industry is going to be down 30%. If it's down only 15% in Q3, that's a sequential improvement at a clip like nobody ever attest to manage before. And so I think those are -- I wouldn't discount your ability to deliver and supply as a core part of where these opportunities might emerge.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just specifically on Food Equipment. Obviously, a business that three or six months ago, and people would love to have had a contingency plan the way they are today. What percentage of the weakness would you just attribute to kind of customers being closed, i.e. when the lights come on, maybe there is a new normal, but that's not particularly robust, but kind of a step function improvement. I understand it's a fragmented market, so maybe hard to give visibility, but just any additional color you might be able to provide.
Chris O’Herlihy: Yes. So if we think about food equipment and specifically with the restaurant side of the business, 25%, 30% of our business, and the recovery there is going to not just depend on lifting of shelter and place restrictions, but also in terms of core shelter and place, what additional restrictions will be on the business in terms of occupancy and so on. Clearly, a very, very uncertain environment. It's very difficult to predict what that will look like. But for us, we are somewhat comfortable by the fact that the other parts of our business, as Michael mentioned, the institutional piece, particularly health care, higher education is doing quite well. Retail is doing quite well, as you would expect. The typical deli counter business is thriving right now. We are being slightly a little bit in terms of being able to put in installations because they are so busy, but the long-term demand trends there are pretty healthy.
Scott Santi: And then service?
Chris O’Herlihy: And in service is the other business where we continue to, to Scott's point, keep our service organization fully employed here. I mean we've taken a huge investment over the years in ensuring that we had a highly developed, highly trained service force. And the last thing we want to do is let those folks go, acknowledging that even though capacity is down right now, that will recover in the medium term.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thanks Scott. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Two from me. First, before we look any further forward, let's -- just looking back one more time on Q1, right? I mean, the margin improvement across the board on down revenues, it actually is pretty impressive. Just wondering how to put some context around this. We see kind of a big slug from the kind of the margin enhancement initiatives across the portfolio. Perhaps it's some of the PLS really shining through. I know every division is different, but perhaps we can focus on polymers or the electronics business where the margin performance was surprisingly strong.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Thanks for the kind words, Jeff. I mean I think this was a good example in Q1 of what Scott was talking about that nobody is sitting around in our divisions that are waiting for somebody to tell them what to do. They react quickly -- the team reacts quickly when they see changes in demand. And so I think with revenues down 9%, the fact that margins were flat up in five or seven segments, the big driver continues to be, for us, after seven-plus years, the enterprise initiatives at 120 basis points. And price cost, no longer an issue for us. And then, of course, the volume leverage, we were able to offset some pretty meaningful headwind there to hold margins flat. So we expect the enterprise initiatives to continue as we go through the year. With lower volume, the overall contribution might be a little less than what you've seen in Q1 and last year in the 100-plus range, but it will still be a meaningful lever within our own control as we go through the worst of it here in Q2 and then head into the recovery in Q3 and Q4. I don't know if you want to talk about anything specifically. But by segment, the biggest driver is -- remains enterprise initiatives in that 70 to 160 basis points range by segment. And like I said, we expect that to continue to be a meaningful contribution as we go forward.
Jeff Sprague: Yeah. So maybe just to look at forward then, I mean, fully understand when revenues go down 30% or 40%, it does some pretty disruptive things to the decremental margins, and there's not a corporate-wide initiative. But it looks like you're implying 45% decrementals here in Q2. Wouldn't each one of these organizations, divisions individually, even though they're not cutting heads, right, they may be doing some pretty dramatic things on T&E and other discretionaries levers that they can pull. I know it maybe doesn't roll up cleanly to the parent that you can view with real clarity. But maybe just frame that, just kind of…
Scott Santi: I can frame it. The big difference between Q1 and Q2 is the magnitude of the revenue decline, right? So we handled 9% decline in Q1, 7% organic. And certainly, those business level tactical adjustments, as Michael said, showed up very strong. The difference in Q2 is the magnitude of revenue decline is significantly greater. Those tactical adjustments are still there and ongoing. That's what when we talk about managing the business prudently, all of that is still in place. But we're also saying to our businesses, let's not react to this Q2 -- unprecedented Q2 that's not going to be reality beyond Q2. And we've -- as we've talked about a number of different levels here, we're going to preserve our ability to structure ourselves appropriately going forward and not react or overreact to the short-term conditions in Q2. Could the decrementals be better in Q2 if we wanted to drive something at that? Sure. But do we think that's the right thing to do for our company? Absolutely not.
Jeff Sprague: So the corporate role here in Q2 is actually to give the divisions license not to do anything damaging to their business?
Scott Santi: 100%? 100%. 
Jeff Sprague: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Hi, good morning, and nice to hear all your voices.
Scott Santi: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Casey: Question on the supply chain. Are you hearing about any suppliers that may run into liquidity issues?
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah. So Andy, so with respect to the supply chain, no major issues to date for us with suppliers or some of the -- obviously, an issue we're managing very closely. We would feel certainly that our produce where we sell approach has served us pretty well here. We would also say that the fact that already centralized helps us to provide -- helps us as it provides 80 different kind of touch points, which enables us to kind of stay well informed and react quickly. So something we're rigorously managing, as we talked about in the presentation and not seeing any issues right now, but something we're very attuned to.
Scott Santi: And I think that, we've always been a source-local company. So from the standpoint of the diversity of our supply base that we are not dependent on one source relationships of finance globally, that we've got some level of risk mitigation and ability to shift and or go down.
Michael Larsen: Right.
Andy Casey: And then you made mention of, Scott, I think, it was your rapid inventory reduction. I'm presuming that's broadly speaking in the distribution channel. If we look outside of auto, how deep a reduction in inventory are you actually seeing in the channel? And does that suggest -- who knows, when it happens, but does that suggest you may see a fairly big restock if end market volume starts to sequentially improve?
Scott Santi: I would say that, we have almost no visibility in near-term, in terms of how inventories have been adjusted. I think it's a safe assumption to say that, anybody in the distribution business is certainly managing that aspect of their business very carefully. And ultimately, again, there are -- there's a sort of magnitude of decline and potentially magnitude of correction the other way that there are going to be factors here in terms of how companies are positioned to ultimately handle it. But I don't think we have any ability to say whether inventories are too high or too low still in the channel across most of our businesses at this point.
Andy Casey: Okay. And then, if I could squeeze one more in. You kind of touched on it earlier. But, end-markets, specifically in Europe and North America, some other companies have talked about stabilization. I know it's granular, but in the last two weeks of April, outside of auto and food equipment, have you seen anything similar to that? Or is it just kind of still really, really weak?
Scott Santi: It's still challenged. And I mean, I think the closest you can get to talking about something stabilized are the data points that we provided on China were like I said, you know, in February, our sales were down I think 36% was the number and in April were flat. So that's probably the best I can give you. I think as we look at the regional numbers here, for Q2, total company is down 30 to 40, North America will probably be at the lower end of that in terms of down in that 25% to 35% range. And Europe will be higher than that and then China, like we said, flat for the quarter, maybe a little bit better, but, not to get into a sort of pick and choose situation. But, I would say, often things are not as bad in some cases, as any of us expected. It's not terrible. It's a unique situation. But we've got parts of our portfolio that are certainly stabilizing. And I'm thinking of some elements of business that are certainly there. They're all under some challenge, but if I want to -- I don't know to look at that we're still serving customers. And yeah, we're still in business. So we'll get through it.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you very much. And good luck. 
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss from BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Hey, how's it going, guys?
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
Joel Tiss: I just wanted to, you know, most of them -- most of my questions have been answered, but I wonder if you're seeing any, sort of, pressure points or, you know, give us a little more granularity on some of the opportunities that for new rounds of enterprise initiatives or, you know, to further automate your factories and you know, that sort of thing like how does -- how do you evolve from what you're seeing and -- execute turning some of this pandemic into strength?
Scott Santi: I don't know if that changes a whole lot. We are highly automated in certain parts of the company because that's the right thing for the business in terms of not just the cost productivity, but also the level of quality that we need to build in the product. We have, -- as we've talked about forever, we have never been constrained from the standpoint of capital investments. So I don't know that I have any view that says because of the pandemic, we're going to have a shift in strategy under -- within the framework of 80/20, front to back in our business model. I think certainly, that business model helps us a great deal as we work our way through. A lot of the issues and challenges that will come about, but it doesn't – I’m trying to think about your question, I can't think of anything fine.
Joel Tiss: I understand. As there were changes, I mean, those will be conceived at the divisional level, depending on local circumstances that that made sense for them given the operating environment that they're in.
Scott Santi: Yeah. And I was going to say the -- all the projects and activities that add up to the enterprise initiative savings, those projects are still there. So, you know, nothing's really changed from that standpoint.
Joel Tiss: And there's nothing like product line level that that you see some stresses that maybe you didn't see before that maybe there are businesses that don't fit anymore or need a little more restructuring than what we thought before? Or everything its kind of just unusual times and it's not a good -- not a good reason to make a different decision.
Scott Santi: I think we're got to let the smoke clear a little bit here to answer your question. I don't know, I certainly -- will there be some businesses that there's some fundamental change in the overall demand profile based on the impact of the pandemic. I'm sure across 85 divisions; we’ll have some of that. We’ll have some others that will have -- as we've talked about a lot, some incremental growth opportunities that will have to support with some investments. So we'll get to all that stuff. It's really hard sitting here in –
Michael Larsen: Historically.
Scott Santi: …in the early May, given all this going on there. We need to have any clarity view or that.
Joel Tiss: Okay, well, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Good morning. 
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
David Raso: I’m trying to think through the margin recovery potential for 2021. I'm trying to understand the 2020 cadence a little bit better. It sounds that you feel the second quarter will be the worst of it. And the decremental margins implied are 45. But if I look at your scenarios for the year, if I use the middle scenario, it implies the decrementals get worse in the second half. They're actually 49. And if you're saying the fourth quarter, we'll be back to 35, it's really implying a well over 50% decremental on the third. So I guess the question is why would it get worse on the decrementals because the comp isn't that different? And maybe the answer is, and Michael, you alluded to it, what's the placeholder for the restructuring? And is that mostly in 3Q? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: You just answered your own question. So that's exactly right. 
David Raso: I was trying to have it quantified.
Michael Larsen: I know it's a nice try. 
David Raso: So is the third quarter restructure, I mean, it's... 
Michael Larsen: It’s a nice try. I mean, like I said earlier, we just don't know yet. I mean -- and this is not -- with this company is a bottoms-up company and the restructuring will be what our VP, GMs and division leadership teams decide that they need to do once they have a clearer view of what the demand picture is. At that point, we have plenty of capacity and funding for all the investments we want to make, and -- including some of the restructuring that maybe required as we go forward. So, -- but that's really the best I can give you right now.
David Raso: All right, so no quantification, but it feels more 3Q heavy based by that math on the cadence of the decremental. Is that at least fair?
Michael Larsen: That’s fair. I think the math…
David Raso: Thank you so much.
Scott Santi: Yeah, thank you.
David Raso: I appreciate the time. Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Bye David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks for squeezing me in. I’m glad to hear from you guys as well. Hope everybody is well. I would just love to hear ITWs view on onshoring more of your production to the U.S., more of your supply chain. What are your -- your western customers are doing a lot of international business, saying on that, particularly in China? And just your overall perspective, is there enough onshoring that could happen in the overall industrial economy in the next year or two that could make a difference in the actual pace of economic recovery in the States as you see it? Just any views on that would be really interesting.
Scott Santi: Yeah, I can only speak for ITW in that regard, largely, which is that we have always been a produce where we sell company and we've talked about that often. And so from the standpoint of how any of this impacts our footprint from the standpoint of where we produce and where we source none of this changes any of that. I certainly think that there is likely to be, directionally, more movement for all the reasons you talked about amongst global manufacturers around localizing their production. I think there's certainly are going to be some lessons learned from the standpoint of the need to balance both lowest cost, the low-cost, lowest cost country sourcing, lowest cost with resilience, and redundancy. And so I absolutely think that will play itself out. From our standpoint, I don't know that, that presents any more or less opportunities. We're serving our customers globally. We'll certainly, perhaps, affect some of our supply points into those customers from a geography standpoint, but none of it that's going to have -- that I would say would result in any significant shift for us one way or the other.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Unfortunately, we are out of time for questions today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Karen Fletcher for closing remarks.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Julianne. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We're available to the rest of the day for additional follow-up. Stay well everyone, Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss fourth quarter and full year 2019 financials results and provide guidance for full year 2020. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for 2020, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2018 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Finally, I would like to remind folks, we have our Investor Day coming up six weeks from today on March 13 in Fort Worth, Texas. We encourage you to join us or listen to the webcast for an update on our strategy and long range plans. The link to access the webcast is posted on our investor website. Please turn to Slide 3. And it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen, and good morning everyone. The ITW team delivered another quarter of solid operational execution and strong financial performance in Q4. Despite some broad based macro challenges, we delivered GAAP EPS growth of 9%, operating margin of 23.7% and after-tax return on invested capital of 28.9% in the quarter. For the full year against the backdrop of an industrial demand environment that went from decelerating in the first half of the year to contracting in the second half of the year, we continued to execute well on the things within our control. As a result, despite revenues that were down $700 million or 4.5% year-on-year, we delivered record GAAP EPS of $7.74 expanded operating margin to 24.4% excluding higher restructuring expenses, and grew free cash flow by 9%. In addition, we were able to raise our dividend by 7% and returned $2.8 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Equally important, in 2019, we continued to make solid progress on our path to ITW's full potential performance through the execution of our enterprise strategy. Last year, we invested more than $600 million to support the execution of our strategy and further enhanced the growth and profitability performance of our core businesses. In addition, each of our divisions continued to make progress in executing well-defined and focused plans to achieve full potential performance in their respective businesses. We look forward to providing a full progress update on our enterprise strategy and our progress towards ITWs full potential performance at our Investor Day in March. Looking ahead, ITW's powerful and proprietary business model, diversified high quality business portfolio and dedicated team of highly skilled ITW colleagues around the world position us well to continue to deliver a differentiated performance across a range of economic scenarios in 2020 and beyond. Now, I'll turn the call over to Michael who will provide you with more detail on our Q4 and full year 2019 performance as well as our guidance for 2020. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you Scott, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, organic revenue declined 1.6% year-over-year in what remains a pretty challenging demand environment. The strike at GM reduced our enterprise organic growth rate by approximately 50 basis points and product line simplification was 60 basis points in the quarter. By geography, North America was down 2% and international was down 1%. Europe declined 1% while Asia Pacific was flat. Organic growth in China was broad-based across our portfolio and up 7% year-over-year. As expected, our execution on the elements within our control remained strong in the fourth quarter. Operating margin was 23.7% including 40 basis points of unfavorable margin impact from higher restructuring expenses year-over-year. Excluding those higher expenses, operating margin was up 10 basis points to 24.1%. Enterprise initiatives contributed 130 basis points and price cost was positive 30 basis points. GAAP EPS was up 9% to $1.99 and included $0.11 gain from three divestitures and $0.06 headwind from higher restructuring expenses year-over-year and foreign currency translation impact. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 22.8%. Free cash flow was 114% of net income and as planned we repurchased $375 million of our own shares during the quarter. Overall, Q4 was another quarter characterized by strong operational execution and resilient financial performance in a pretty challenging demand environment. Let's move to Slide four and operating margin. Overall, operating margin of 23.7% was down 30 basis points year-over-year primarily due to higher restructuring expense. Excluding those higher restructuring expenses, margin improved 10 basis points despite a 3% decline in revenues. Enterprise initiatives were once again the highlight and key driver of our margin performance contributing 130 basis points the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2017. The enterprise initiative impact continues to be broad based across all seven segments ranging from 80 to 200 basis points and the benefits of the restructuring activities that we initiated early in the year are being realized. The majority of these restructuring projects are supporting enterprise initiative implementation. Specifically our 80/20 front-to-back execution. Price remained solid with price well, ahead of raw material costs and price/cost contributed 30 basis points in the quarter. Volume leverage was negative 30 basis points. In Q4 as we always do, we updated our inventory standards to reflect current raw material costs. As raw material costs in the aggregate have declined over the course of the year, the annual mark-to-market adjustment to the value of our inventory that we do every fourth quarter this year had an unfavorable impact of 30 basis points versus last year. We also had a favorable item last year that didn't repeat this year for 40 basis points. And finally the other category which includes typical wage and salary inflation was 50 basis points, so overall solid margin performance again for the quarter and the year. Turning to Slide 5 for details on segment performance. As you know, 2019 was challenging from an industrial demand standpoint and you can see that the organic growth rate in every one of our segments -- seven segments was lower in 2019 than in 2018. At the enterprise level, the organic growth rates swung from positive 2% in 2018 to down 2% in 2019 with the biggest year on year swings in our CapEx related equipment offerings and automotive. Speaking of automotive, let's move to the individual segments results starting with automotive OEM. Organic revenue was down 5% as the GM strike reduced revenues by approximately two percentage points. Taking a closer look at regional performance. North America was in line with D3 builds down 13% Europe was essentially flat versus builds that were down 6% and China organic growth was 11% compared to builds up 1. Continued significant output in China reflects increasing penetration, particularly with local OEMs. Moving on to Slide 6, food equipment had a good quarter with organic growth up 2% year-over-year despite a tough comp of 5% organic growth last year. The service business was solid up 4% in the quarter. Equipment growth of 1% reflects double-digit growth in retail and modest decline in institutional and restaurants against tough year-over-year comps for both of those. Operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 27.5% with enterprise initiatives, the main contributor. Test and measurement in electronics had a very strong quarter with test and measurement up 6% with 13% growth in our Instron business. The segment also experienced a meaningful pickup in demand from semiconductor customers. Electronics was up 2%. Margin was the highlight as the team expanded operating margins 330 basis points to a record, 28.1% the highest in the company this quarter with strong contributions from enterprise initiatives and volume leverage. Also in the quarter, we divested in electronics business with 2019 revenues of approximately $60 million. Turning to Slide 7, welding organic revenue declined 4% against a tough comparison of 8% growth last year. North America equipment was down to 3% against a tough comparison of up 7% last year. The lower demand is primarily in the industrial business. While commercial, which includes smaller business and personal users, was pretty stable. Oil and gas was down 2%, operating margin was 25.4% down 150 basis points primarily due to higher restructuring expenses. In the quarter, we divested an installation business with 2019 revenues of approximately $60 million which reduced weldings organic -- with overall growth rate by 250 basis points in the quarter. Polymers & Fluids organic growth was down 2% versus a tough comp of plus 4% last year. Polymers was flat, automotive aftermarket was down 1%, fluids was down 6%. Operating margin was strong up 150 basis points driven primarily by enterprise initiatives. Moving to Slide 8, construction organic revenue was down 1% with continued softness in Australia and New Zealand, which was down 4%. Europe was down 3%, but the U.K. down 14%, North America was up 2% with residential remodel up 2% and commercial up 5%. Operating margin was 22.2% down due to the inventory mark-to-market adjustments and higher restructuring expenses. In specialty, organic revenue was down 3% which on a positive note is an improvement from the past couple of quarters. As in prior quarters, the main drivers are significant PLS and the relative performance of the businesses we have identified as potential divestitures. Excluding these potential divestitures, core organic growth was down 1.7%. By geography, North America was on 4 and international 3. We also divested a business in this segment with 2019 revenues of approximately $15 million and these divestitures reduced specialties of growth rate by almost 8 percentage point. Now let's quickly review full year 2019 on Slide 9, and in a challenging industrial demand environment, organic revenue was down 1.9% with total revenues down 4.5% as foreign currency translation impact reduced revenues by 2.3% and divestitures by 30 basis points. GAAP EPS was 7.74 and included $0.09 of divestiture gains as well as $0.32 of headwinds from foreign currency and higher restructuring expenses year-over-year. Operating margin was 24.1%, 24.4% excluding higher year-on-year restructuring expense as enterprise initiatives contributed 120 basis points, after tax return on invested capital improved 50 basis points to 28.7%. Our cash performance was very strong with free cash flow up 9% and a conversion rate of 106% of net income. We made significant internal investments to grow and support our highly profitable businesses, increased our annual dividend by 7% and utilized our share repurchase program to return surplus capital to our shareholders. A quick update on our various divestiture processes that overall remain on track. As a reminder, we're looking to potentially divest certain businesses with revenues totaling up to $1 billion and are targeted to complete the effort by year end 2020. The strategic objective with this phase of our portfolio management effort is to improve our overall organic growth rate by 50 basis points and improve margins by approximately 100 basis points. Not counting potential gains on sales, the plan is to offset any EPS dilution with incremental share repurchases. In the fourth quarter, we completed the sale of 3 businesses with combined 2019 revenues of approximately $135 million generating a pre-tax gain on sale of $50 million or $0.11 a share. In 2019, these businesses were a 20 basis points drag to our organic growth rate and 10 basis points to our margin rate. In summary, a challenging demand environment -- in a challenging demand environment, the ITW team executed well and delivered strong financial results, made solid progress on our enterprise strategy and agenda, including our organic growth initiatives and positioned the company for differentiated performance in 2020 and beyond. On Slide 10, we wanted to give you a quick update on the progress that we're making on our organic growth initiatives. We estimated the aggregate market growth rate or decline for each one of our segments and compared it to the segments actual organic growth rate in 2019. We also included the product line simplification by segment. As you know, full potential steady state PLS is expected to be about 30 basis points. As you can see overall, we've made some good progress as our segments are all outgrowing their underlying markets except for specialty products. At the enterprise level, we estimate that we outpaced our aggregate blended market growth rates by approximately 1 percentage points. So overall good progress on our organic growth initiatives and by completing our Finish the Job agenda over the next several years, we expect to generate one or two percentage points of additional improvement in ITW's organic growth rate. As Scott mentioned, we look forward to providing a full progress update at our Investor day in March. Now let's talk -- let's turn the page and talk about 2020 and starting with Slide 11. First, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $7.65 to $8.05 for 2020. Using current levels of demand, adjusted for seasonality. Organic growth at the enterprise level is forecast to be in the range of 0% to 2% for the year. At current exchange rates, foreign currency translation impact and the revenue associated with our 2019 divestitures each of 1 percentage point headwind to revenue. PLS impact is expected to be approximately 50 basis points. We expect to expand operating margin from 24.1% in 2019 to a range of 24.5% to 25% in 2020 with enterprise initiatives contributing approximately a 100 basis points. After tax ROIC should improve to a range of 29% to 30% and as usual, we expect strong free cash flow with conversion greater than net income. We have allocated $2 billion to share repurchases with core share repurchases of $1.5 billion and additional $500 million to offset the EPS dilution from the three completed divestitures. Additional items include an expected tax rate in the range of 23.5% to 24.5% which represents a $0.10 EPS headwind and foreign currency at today's rates is also unfavorable $0.10 EPS. Just a quick word as it relates to the Coronavirus situation in China and we are obviously in the same position as everyone else. At this point, we've baked into our guidance a last week of production, assuming that we all return to work in China on February 10th. But obviously, it's too early to tell and we'll continue to monitor the situation closely. Overall, ITW is well positioned for a differentiated financial performance across a wide range of scenarios as we continue to execute on the things within our control and make meaningful progress on our path to full potential performance through the implementation of our Finish the Job enterprise strategy agenda. Finally, we're providing an organic growth outlook by segment for full year 2020 on Slide 12. And as always, these are based on current run rates, adjusted for seasonality and are obviously influenced by year-over-year comparisons as we go through the year. It's important to note that there's no expectation of demand acceleration embedded in our guidance. You can see that every segment is forecasted to improve the organic growth rate in 2020 relative to 2019. The same is true for margins as every segments expects to improve their margin performance in 2020. With that Karen, I'll turn it back to you.
Karen Fletcher: All right. Thanks Michael. Julianne, we are ready to open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys. Scott and Mike, you had a big pickup at Instron in the quarter and in Food Equipment, which are CapEx businesses that you've tended to watch over the year, so while recognizing all the uncertainty that's out there now, because of the virus, may be still some trade uncertainty, did you actually see some movement in CapEx decisions from your customers and what does it tell you about 2020?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think Q4 certainly the growth rates in those businesses were better than what we saw in Q3. Part of that was a number of orders in Q3 that were deferred into Q4. And so I think it's -- in our view, it's a little too early to talk about a pickup in demand here in those businesses. Certainly encouraging, but a little too early to tell Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. That's helpful. And then, if I look at your enterprise strategy program, your margin benefit seems to be accelerating here. As these programs get mature, you would think that maybe they'd level off or decelerate. So I know you have your Analyst Day coming up, you'll talk about this, maybe just continuing to get better on 80/20 as you evolve in enterprise strategy, is that, really what this is and do you expect your [indiscernible] enterprise strategy to be at least a 100 basis points, through that target date of 2023?
Michael Larsen: Well, I mean, let's take one year at a time here. I think the fact that we are eight years into this current enterprise strategy and still generating, 100 basis points of margin expansion in 2020 is certainly encouraging. We've talked about before why that is, 80/20 today is significantly more powerful than when we began this journey. We've continued to learn and gotten better from an execution standpoint. The raw materials that we're working with in terms of the quality of the businesses are significantly higher after all the work we've done in the portfolio. And so I think we're really encouraged by the continued progress. We're highly confident that we will reach our 2023 performance goals. 80, 20 will be a big -- continue to be a big part of that, but it's a little too early to tell what those contributions might be in 2021 and 2022, but you can rest assure that we are highly confident in achieving those margin objectives we've put out there.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks Mike. Appreciate it guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Good to see that the divestiture activity picking up. Is it just that, some things kind of fell in place or do you expect actually the pace to be accelerated here? And can you remind us how many individual businesses are lefts, so these are all kind of one-at-a-time transactions, I would take it.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think this is -- the cadence here was in line with the process that we've laid out. We've got a number of businesses. So three divestitures completed. I think when we filed a 10-K, you'll see that there are another three at this point that are in that held for sale category. And then there will be a number of businesses beyond that. So, we're making good progress in a little bit more challenging macro than what we had expected maybe going into this, but the most important…
Jeff Sprague: Which has slowed the process down a bit.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, I was going to say, it's probably slowed things down maybe a little bit. I think the really important thing is we are -- we're still on track to achieve the 50 basis points of structural improvement in our organic growth rate and a 100 basis points of margin improvement, current expectations, we're targeting to get those done by the end of 2020, and we certainly have a shot at that, but as Scott said, I mean, just given the macro backdrop that might get pushed out a little bit. But overall these processes are on track.
Jeff Sprague: Well, on the flip side of that, obviously you've been hunting for deals given that you're kind of a cash rich strategic buyer, do you see things kind of getting easier? Is the pipeline filling up? Like what would you really expect to happen here in 2020 on the acquisition side?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we have certainly been more active from the standpoint and we've talked about it before in terms of our willingness to consider adding to the portfolio, the right kind of assets. And we're certainly I had -- let's just call it maxed up by our activity in that regard in 2019. As it is obvious, we didn't hit on anything yet in that regard. And it's a combination always of sort of the fit in terms of strategy and also sort of the valuation environment. And I would say the overall color in 2019 is that we looked at some things that we're interested strategically that from a valuation standpoint didn't hit the screen, didn't meet the criteria, and we will continue to be active in assessing opportunities to add to our portfolios as we've talked about in the past, but we're going to remain a very disciplined posture in that regard. And I have no doubt that we will very successfully add to our portfolio as we go.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Good morning everyone. Just a quick question on the margin guidance. Have you factored in any restructuring at this point?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the -- at this point Mig, we are guiding to margins for 2020 in that 24.5% to 25% range which includes restructuring. So on a year-over-year basis at this point we are assuming that restructuring will be flat and obviously we'll see how the year plays out and adjusts accordingly.
Mig Dobre: Flat in dollar terms or in terms of margin drag?
Michael Larsen: Flat in dollar terms and margin drag and therefore EPS neutral.
Mig Dobre: Okay. Then my follow up, I'm just trying to kind of wrap my mind on the buckets here. So, if I'm looking at the low end of your guidance the 24.5, I'm presuming that that's consistent with the low end of the revenue guidance or the volume that you're providing. And I'm comparing it to sort of what you've done in the prior year. Can you maybe help me with a bit of a bridge here? Obviously you've got the enterprise initiatives were a 100 basis points that helped, but there's some other items to price cost, maybe some other things that you are doing how do we get to the high-end and the low-end here?
Michael Larsen: So Mig, are you talking EPS or margins. What would you like to do?
Mig Dobre: Just margin, not EPS, just margin.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think for 2020, we provided quite of bit information already. And maybe one way to think about it is, the initiatives contribute a 100 basis points. We have positive volume leverage baked into our guidance. You can look at historically based on Europe organic growth rate, what the impact might be there. Price cost, we're assuming neutral at this point, maybe slightly positive and we'll see how that plays out. The divestitures that we completed in '19, that is a little bit of a favoribility to margins. And then, I'd say the remainder here is, we're going to continue to invest to support our organic growth initiatives. We're going to invest in our people and we're going to invest to sustain our core businesses as we always have. And so if you kind of look at the remaining buckets, 2020, maybe expect it to be similar to what we had in 2019.
Mig Dobre: Got it. That's helpful. And lastly, if I may, as you look at your segments into 2020, are there one or two that stand out to you as having more margin potential than margin expansion potential than average? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Mig, this is really across the board as I think I said in my comments, we expect every one of our segments based on our bottoms up planning process, based on what they have told us really at the divisional level on up, we expect every segment to continue to make progress in 2020 over 2019.
Scott Santi: And I'd say that the other delta is, is what you talked about before, which is the volume leverage component, right? The more growth we get, the more increase in the margin we're going to get.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I think you saw a good example of that. This quarter if you look at just the performance in test and measurement margins up, 330 basis points, two-thirds of that was the volume leverage and the enterprise initiatives. So, you can see what happens in these businesses when we get a little bit of volume, a little bit of organic growth coming through. So…
Mig Dobre: All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi. Good morning. Just looking at your segment, organic growth forecast, could you just walk us through the various segments and where you see the upside versus the downside risks?
Michael Larsen: Well, I'd say these are all, first of all based on kind of current run rates. And so, I think there are a couple of segments here that have a slightly wider range automotive OEM, welding, which reflects maybe a little more market uncertainty in those. I think Food Equipment has a measurement those look pretty solid, Food Equipment in that two to four range, Test and Measurement one to three. And then, you can see the rest here, Polymers and Fluids, Construction, Specialty kind of in that low-single-digit at the mid point. So that's kind of -- I think how we characterize it. I mean, as you know Ann, this is a pretty uncertain environment, right? I mean this is -- 2019 is a challenging year. 2020, we've got to -- we have to see how this China situation plays out that we just talked about. And so as we sit here today, this is kind of our current forecast using the current levels of demand that we're seeing in these businesses.
Ann Duignan: Yes. And in that context, I mean, you're much closer to these businesses than we are obviously, but then Polymers and Fluids, I think of that business as being more consumer driven. And so, can you just talk about all of the guidance for on the downside, the negative one?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think -- so Polymers and Fluids, about half of the business is -- when you say consumer-driven you're pointing I think to the automotive aftermarket business. If you just look at kind of where retail numbers are in that space, they're probably down slightly. We've had some challenges this year on the MRO side.
Scott Santi: Which is more B2B.
Michael Larsen: More B2B, the fluids business on the MRO side, particularly in Europe. And then, you also have a couple of other end markets that are not exactly very favorable at this point, including some petrochemical exposure. There is some marine exposure and so overall, we'd say Polymers and Fluids flat in 2019 and slightly positive here in 2020.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I appreciate the color and then I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks. Good morning. A little bit of a clarification on the margin walk, you called out several things, inventory restructuring, non-repeat of an item. Would those in the past typically be included in other?
Michael Larsen: Yes, that is correct. Okay. So the inventory adjustment, sorry, I need to interrupt you, but the inventory adjustment, it's one that we make every year. And it's just that this year, because raw material costs have come down throughout the year that adjustments is a little bit larger than prior years as we mark-to-market the inventory. And so we decided to call it out as a separate item and kind of give you the transparency, the detail around that.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thank you. And then a few questions on the divestitures, on your earlier comment about the slower pace than expected due to the macro. Is that purely timing or are you encountering hesitancy from potential buyers of the assets because of the overall uncertainty? And then, for the three and the four sale category, you mentioned in the K, are they excluded from 2020 top-line guidance and what was their impact on 2019 margin performance?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So those -- but let me start with that one. So the ones that you'll see that are held for sale, we are assuming in our guidance that we are going to own those in 2020. So 2020 numbers exclude any further divestitures as well as any acquisitions. So this is really -- think of it as all in as we the businesses that we own today. I think on your first question, I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, I think some of these, it's an element of timing. And I also think the…
Scott Santi: The process is taking longer.
Michael Larsen: Process is taking a little bit more longer, maybe that has to do with the desire to do maybe more due diligence. And then, I think the other piece is, the macro backdrop, there is some uncertainty and so I think we've seen some of both of those, but -- and then I'll just say finally, I mean we're going to be disciplined as we divest these businesses. And if this is not, if this isn't the right time to do it from an evaluation standpoint, we might defer some of these processes into next year. So, we'll keep you posted as we go through the year and get on these earnings calls. And we'll get you an update on the processes.
Scott Santi: I'm just going to add. These are all high-quality businesses certainly on a relative basis. They are not businesses that we think are the right fit for us long term, but these are not distressed businesses by any stretch. So these are quality assets that have certainly a lot of appeal. And as Michael said to the extent that the macro environment creates a situation where we don't think we're able to trade at fair value, then we're going wait to cycle out and we'll get there eventually. But we've been able to do three so far. We've got another -- all the three versions.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thanks. Just as a follow-up on that, the three that are mentioned in the K. Should we expect those to have a similar type margin performance to the three that you have already been able to sell?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think they're all pretty similar. I mean, there's a range. The average maybe it's the way to think about it is in that high-single digits EBIT percentage. So that's one way to think about it.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you. I was just wondering like, clearly, we are in a very choppy and challenging demand environment, but and you guys are continuing to expand margins even with that. But how do we -- how is the company thinking about the 3% to 5% organic objectives and at some point it's become counter productive to even be shooting for that in this type of environment. And can you remind us, where do you get to in your margins over the long-term in just sort of a flattish environment like we're in right now versus the plus three to five.
Scott Santi: I think from the standpoint of our core growth rate objectives, what we are really saying essentially is that this is a business that should out grow the underlying growth rates that the markets we're in from -- anywhere from say 2% to 4% on an average basis over time. We're in a situation right now where the market and our estimation of the blended market rate, these are -- sort of using our best assumptions was down 2.5 last year. So, in a normal, let's call it a normal average GDP world of you pick whether it's two or three on a long-term basis and that's where the three to five essentially comes from in terms of the overall expectations that we have for this company. And there's nothing in this, call it industrial recessionary environment that would in any way change the view of what we think our long-term potential is. This is a highly differentiated portfolio. We've talked before and again, we'll get into a lot more depth on this at the Investor Day, but we've got the ability to generate at least the point of incremental growth from innovation. And other point from penetration is the simple math. That's the bottom-line standard that we're working to position ourselves to execute consistently on. And we've got a lot of businesses that are already there and then some. So, the last thing we'd want to do is take a point in time set of market conditions and ultimately get us off of our long-term view of what we think the potential of this company is. I think from a margin standpoint, we've got -- I'll let Michael jump in here, but we've got a set of performance objectives out into the future that we've laid out in the past that we expect to continue to make progress again.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think nothing has changed in terms of our view on the margin target as I said earlier. I mean, Ross, it might be helpful, the three to five, we know that we're not going to grow three to five every year. This is over a five-year period, we'd expect kind of in a normal macro that's the performance that we should be able to deliver. And with that comes to margins in that 28% range and EPS growth in the low double-digit, everything that we've laid out for 2023. So our views on those haven't changed just given the macro that we're in today.
Ross Gilardi: No. Thanks guys. I realize you're still outgrowing your end markets. I wasn't trying to pick on you for that at all. I was just trying to -- with respect to your long-term margin target, really just to remind me how much of that getting there was coming from your ability to hit the three to five versus if we're just in a flattish environment for the next several years.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, again, I think the biggest driver here remains the continued strong execution on the enterprise initiatives. And then, there's a reasonable assumption of some volume leverage that comes with that. And you saw that, like I said earlier, if you look at Test and Measurement is a great example this quarter, you got a little bit of volume leverage. We get a normal macro environment. We're going to get there very quickly. I think that's what we're trying to say here. And over any five-year period, we expect that we'll average in that three to five range, but if we get a couple of really good years and we'll get there faster than that.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Since you mentioned, you reminded us of the semiconductors and I realize you weren't factoring any pickup into your guide by just ITW is obviously a great barometer for capital spending in general in the global economy. Are you seeing any signs of CapEx picking up anywhere or percolating or, it feels like discussions are getting a little bit more optimistic in any of your businesses?
Michael Larsen: No. Not at this point. I think, Q4 was really more of the same. This remains a pretty challenging, a pretty challenging environment, so.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Got it. And then just the last thing I want to ask about is, you've seen a return of the outgrowth in your European and China auto businesses. China now for a couple of quarters are -- do you feel like you're back to the point where that is firmly kind of set to continue or does it feel kind of quarter-to-quarter at this point, just given the weakness in the end market?
Michael Larsen: China is very solid. I mean, I think we have a long track record. The team has a long track record of outgrowing the underlying market there by a wide margin. And as I think we said in the prepared remarks, big drivers are continued penetration with local OEMs and there is a lot of runway still. And if you just look at the projects that have been locked in for the next two to three years, we're confident that that outperformance will continue.
Scott Santi: Yes. I think on the question of Europe and North America, I think the issues now, we're sort of using a very gross number in terms of builds and the underlying issues are given the volatility OEM to OEM in those builds and what's going on in the quarter-to-quarter. It's kind of -- a bit of a choppy comparison. I think on a full year basis, it's a better way to look at our relative performance in Europe and North America. We will be in a position to provide an update on that for '19 at the Investor Day. So some of the -- my only point is, we have a big pipeline of penetration projects in Europe and North America and fully expect on a sort of -- let's call it even a medium term, that we will outgrow those markets by a minimum of two to four points. But some of the last things that have gone on over the last six quarters, both from the standpoint of how different individual OEMs are reacting to some of the current environment and how the supply chains react to those OEMs reacting. There's some sort of real volatility that I think sort of mucks up some of the ability to see through the underlying progress. But we track our penetration on a per vehicle basis with each of the OEMs. And on that basis feel really good about our ability to continue to penetrate at a rate well above market all around the world.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Good morning everybody. Hi guys. Michael, just a quick clarification, the repo is going from 1.5 to 2, is that delta of 500 to offset the 1.35 of the divestitures you announced or…
Michael Larsen: Yes. That's correct. So let me just spend a second on that. So kind of the -- our estimate for surplus capital for the year is 1.5 billion, but that's currently allocated to share repurchases. I think of those as kind of the core share repurchases. And then there's an incremental 500 million to offset the EPS or the earnings that went away with those three divestitures. And to the extent that there are -- hopefully there are further divestitures this year. We will adjust that share repurchase number accordingly. So we could end up at a number that's higher than what's on the page today.
John Inch: Got it. Michael, is overall demand growth presumably begins to come back once we get past some of these China issues in this year and you're spending probably dollars up a little bit consistent with what other companies might be doing. How are you feeling about your confidence level of maintaining or how should we think about, say, a 100 basis points of enterprise initiatives that actually came in the past when growth was better in the environment? Does it, is it one of those things where maybe the -- you get better improvement because of the contribution benefits from improved growth by EI, enterprise initiative benefits sort of bounce back a little bit because of the spending or, , how would you think of the mix of that? I suppose on an improving…
Scott Santi: Yes. I'll sort of piggyback on part of what Michael said earlier, which is -- the enterprise initiative visibility that we have is really about one-year forward, so that those are discrete projects, certainly underneath a broader strategy that is largely around two things at this point, strategic sourcing and continued improvement in the quality of our practice of 80/20 across the company. And so what we're saying now is, we've got another point in front of us in 2020 that certainly I can say with confidence if that's not the end of it. But we will continue to have that as some additional sort of fuel to the profitability story here for a while. The other thing, I can tell you is on sort of the incremental contribution from organic growth as it accelerates. The best way I can frame that as I don't see any way, we don't generate somewhere in the range of 30% to 35% incremental contribution from every dollar of organic growth over and above enterprise initiative.
John Inch: That's helpful. Yes, no, it definitely helps. But just lastly, Scott and Michael, what are your -- what would you say your top personal priorities are for ITW to accomplish? Maybe as we look back in a year on 2020, if there's a way to sort of frame that out?
Scott Santi: You asked to go individually. Michael is going to say he is going to upgrade the quality of the CEO. But I think we're on it. I think the biggest things that we've got to continue to do the thing we've been, it's certainly been the largest part of our focus for the last, I'd say two years now is really continued to accelerate our focus or not just our focus, but our execution on organic growth. And this kind of environment, it's certainly hard to see the underlying progress. But I can tell you that all of us get up every morning thinking about -- our Vice Chair, Chris O'Herlihy, Michael and I and everyone of our AVPs get up every morning thinking about what are we going to do today to help to continue to get this company towards our full potential from an organic growth rate standpoint. I think the other activities around the enterprise initiatives are -- there's a lot of potential there. Those are certainly things that need some level of attention to continue the momentum for sure. But ultimately I feel really good about both the structural and strategic things we're doing from the standpoint of organic growth acceleration. And I don't think that changes in 2020 regardless of what the macro is doing at the moment. Michael to give you his answer.
Michael Larsen: Mine is exactly the same. I would just add, John, that at Investor Day, we obviously going to spend a lot of time on this topic of organic growth including, we'll give you a progress update if you would call on the number of divisions that are in that ready to grow and growing category defined as consistently growing above market. We're not going to -- and we'll share those numbers with you and you'll see we made steady progress in 2019. And we expect to -- as we execute on some really focused plans in 2020 to continue to make progress on that. So we'll share those metrics with you and we'll also give you some real divisional examples because that's really where this work is taking place. To give you kind of some insights to what Scott's talking about. The whole company is focused on getting the organic growth rate going and we'll give you a lot more detail on that when we get together in March.
John Inch: I mean, the way you talked about Instron last time was very helpful. So yes, very much looking forward to it. Thank you very much. Bye. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. I think most of my questions been answered. Just clarification -- or I guess two questions. One, on the welding side, I appreciate, your guide, just wondering, how you think about your organic growth guide relative to sort of what we saw in the 15, 16 time period and why we shouldn't be concerned? What you're seeing in the market to give you confidence that it couldn't be worse than that? And then my second question, just given all the restructuring that you guys have done and obviously done a great job improving your margins, but assuming the markets were weak or is there any change if your sales declined on how we should think about decrementals? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think on the restructuring, maybe I'll start with that. I think, we'll see how the year unfolds. And if market conditions deteriorate similar to what we did last year, we'll pull forward some of these enterprise initiative projects specifically related to our 80, 20 front to a back pipeline. I expect we will play at the same way in 2020. Welding, I think difficult comps. I'll start there. That's a business that was up 10% in 2018, it's slightly down in 2019 at current run rates. We're estimating down 2 to plus 2, and that's really, as much as we know at this point. We know that in all of our businesses, regardless of what the environment throws at us, we will react accordingly. And manage the cost side of the equation as we always do. Like we did in 2019 and 2020 will not be different, but I don't have a better -- we don't have a better crystal ball than you in terms of what welding might look like other than, we're using current run rates and…
Scott Santi: And the underlying activity, it's far from terrible in terms of the amount of…
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Scott Santi: The assumption going on. We saw a pretty big pullback in cap spending on, in welling and other places in '19, but I think our assumptions for 20 or certainly not for improvement in the CapEx investment side of that. But I think steady state is a reasonable assumption given the underlying. And input we're getting from our customers and we're seeing in terms of the actual sort of consumption of welding consumables, et cetera.
Jamie Cook: Thanks. I'll let someone ask a question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Richie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Richie: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Happy Friday. So, my first question, I guess I'm trying to understand what comprises the low-end of your guidance. Since it would imply deceleration in earnings at a time when you're expecting, growth to be a little bit better and for margins to still be there?
Michael Larsen: Well, I mean, I think -- like I said earlier, we were in a pretty challenging demand environment. And in the guidance range, what we try to do is account for a wide range of possible scenarios. I think the biggest swing factor here will be the overall demand environment. And so if things remain where they are you know, we'll be likely closer to the mid point, if things accelerate from a demand standpoint, we'll be at the high end or, or above. And if things slow further, we'll be at the lower end. So I think that's really the, the best answer. I can give you the remainder of the items, you know, the initiatives. We've clear line of sight as I think Scott said earlier, do all the projects and activities and that'll generate those savings. We know what the share repurchase program in terms of share count will do. Currency, tax we're using, the rates that we gave you. And so I think those are -- there's a lot less variation around those. The swing factor here is whether the overall demand environment and in the near-term this situation in China that needs to be sorted out. And so we're keeping a close eye on that. So that's probably the best I can give you.
Joe Richie: Okay. That's helpful Michael. And maybe -- my quick follow-up here is, I'm thinking about the cadence both from a growth and from a margin perspective, is the expectation as we kind of start 2020, that growth remains negative and then turns positive as the year progresses. And then, specifically on margins, you guys front end loaded, your restructuring last year. How should we think about that 40 basis point impact in 2020 you're going to front-end the 2020 as well.
Michael Larsen: No. That's not the current plan on the restructuring, I think it'll be more kind of equally spread throughout the year. If the demand environment deteriorates, we can obviously adjust. I think on your first question. So as you appreciate, we don't provide quarterly guidance anymore. I think if you look at kind of historically at how organic growth and margins and EPS kind of plays out through the year. If you look at historical averages, you can get pretty close to a reasonable scenario here. I think in Q1, we have this added uncertainty around China. So we'll have to see where the organic growth rate ends up. And then I think on margins, typically what you see in Q1 is some margin improvement year-over -ear. And then sequentially Q2 Q3 gets better. And then Q4 is slightly lower. So if you look at these historical trends Joe, I think you can -- I think that's pretty informative as you think about 2020.
Joe Richie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. I know that the commercial construction piece of your construction business is not the biggest, but you've had some helpful and interesting perspectives on that in recent quarters. Just curious what your view is at this point, what you're seeing and assuming going forward on a commercial piece.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the commercial business can be a little lumpy on a quarterly basis. Really they're related to the timing of projects. So 5% in the quarter was certainly one of the better numbers from that business. I think if you look at the full year the business construction and the commercial side is actually down low single digits. And so, I think we expect a current runway rates, it'll be a similar to that in 2020. So I wouldn't expect a significant acceleration in 2020 and again, the Q4 number at 5% is at the high-end of what this business typically does.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's helpful. And then just to follow up again on welding, where does the current run rate of business puts you within that range of minus 2 to plus 2. I know you said you're, this is of the businesses where you're assuming a wider range of outcome. So just curious where that -- where it puts you in that range and because it, it does seem like, there could be some additional headwinds there. So I'm also wondering if within that consumable piece that's keeping it relatively steady overall, are there some of the drivers that are more positive and some that are more negative.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think to answer your question, we try to do is bracket kind of the mid point of what the runway would suggest for 2020, adjusted for typical seasonality. So that's probably the best I can give you pro welding. So, our capital goods to consumable ratio and welding is 60.
Scott Santi: I think as you know, our product mix, the geographic mix is quite different than some of our peers in this space. So we are more weighted on the equipment side. That's where the technology is. That's where the higher margins are relative to the consumable side. And you know, we're more weighted towards the North American market, which represents almost 80% of our business.
Steven Fisher: And there's no way within that segment the end markets that are driving the demand there. Any that are up in any that are down or you're all seeing them kind of moving in the same direction?
Michael Larsen: No, I think, the industrial side, so think more heavy equipment. There's certainly some contraction and demand there down those single digits. I think the commercial side, which is more the smaller businesses, personal users that's more flattish at this point. And I think we gave you oil and gas earlier. Was I think down 2%. And so that's probably as much color as I can give you a welding.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our last question will come from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking me in. I think you have covered a lot of ground here. So I want to keep this kind of fairly high level. So, I think we now in the eighth year of maybe seventh, eighth year of the enterprise initiatives and obviously it's been very successful. It seems like most of the benefits really come through on the SG&A line in the last sort of three or four years. You talked about strategic sourcing is a big 10 a driver this year, Scott and wanting to other things as well. But do you think that we're now at a level where the benefits will come more in the gross margin line and maybe on top of that, do you think there's more scope to take down SG&A below 16% going forward?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think Nigel, so far contributions from 80/ 20 and sourcing have been fairly equal, we divided I think under the go forward basis we may see a little bit more impact on the VM side. But, I think overall the important thing is what we talked about earlier, another solid 100 basis points this year and from the enterprise initiatives, what the exact geography will look like. We'll see as the year unfolds. Maybe a little bit more, like I said, on the variable side of things. But overall, what's really encouraging is every segment continues to execute and identify projects, just look at Q4, the range of contribution here is from 80 to -- all the way to 200 basis points and overall 130 basis points in the fourth quarter. So that's probably as much as, yes…
Scott Santi: I think the only thing I would add is the way this gets executed. We're not going after some ratio on the P& L. We're simplifying business processes. We're improving how we execute. In terms of certainly from the standpoint of productivity and efficiency, but also benefits around how we serve our customers. So none of it is that says, okay, this project, or the focus now is SG&A, the focus is how do we, how do we better support sort of the quality pieces of each of these individual businesses. And so it's hard for me to even think about your question in the sense of sort of where in the geography on the P&L, this is, we're simplifying and improving the effectiveness of the overall performance of the business. And it certainly is going to adjust the ratios on the P&L as a result. I'm sitting here kind of trying to think about your question and it just is kind of outside of how it actually happens. We improve our practices and we generate outcomes in terms of -- and we're, we focus on the top-line and the bottom-line and ultimately to improve the bottom line, those ratios all have to get better in terms of margin, but ultimately it's not really focused at particular slice of the cost structure, but maybe that looks it up even further.
Nigel Coe: The ratios are not coming on inputs. I think I understand that. And then, just a quick follow-on, and this is definitely for Mike on the inventory. So the 40 bps adjustment, that's a LIFO charge, is that correct?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean it's really -- it's the mark-to-market of the inventory given that raw material costs have come down. So as we adjust the standards lower to reflect the lower raw material costs, that's the impact that you're seeing.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I've got a CPA, but inventory accounting is a way to escape me.
Michael Larsen: So, I can promise we will provide a lot of detail in the 10-K that should satisfy even the most advanced CPAs amongst us.
Nigel Coe: So, yes, I'm saying not about CPA, but they just conceptually, the little raw materials close through the price cost line, and then we've got a mark-to-market at year end, is that, does that sort of just in a very simplistic way to think about it?
Michael Larsen: In very simple terms, that's how it works. Yes.
Nigel Coe: Yes. Great. Thanks Mike.
Michael Larsen: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. We turn the call back over to Ms. Fletcher for closing remarks.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks for joining us this morning. I know it's a busy day for everybody. If you have any follow-up questions, just reach out and give me a call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Michael Larsen - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Karen Fletcher - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call.  [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thank you Julianne. Good morning and welcome to ITW's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen.  During today's call, we’ll discuss third quarter financial results and provide an update on our 2019 full year outlook.  Slide two is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the remainder of 2019, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2018 Form 10-K for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  Please note that this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release.  Please turn to slide three. Today we are announcing the date and location for ITW's next Investor Day. We hope you can join us on Friday, March 13 in Fort Worth, Texas at which time will provide an update on our long term strategy and offer a tour of our Traulsen, Refrigeration Plant site and the opportunity to see the ITW business model in action. Today's announcement is strictly a save-the-date alert and will provide more details on the event, including how to sign up for it when the date gets closer.  So now we’ll move on to slide four, and it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. 
Scott Santi : Thank you, Karen and good morning. While slowing CapEx investment and declines in auto production in North America and China impacted the demand environment across a broad cross section of our portfolio, we delivered another solid quarter with excellent operational execution.  Despite the macro challenges, we delivered earnings per share growth, operating margin of 25%, and a 12% increase in free cash flow. Despite lower volumes, we improved operating margin 40 basis points year-over-year with enterprise initiatives contributing 120 basis points and increased after-tax return on invested capital by 120 basis points to more than 29%.  Looking ahead at the balance of the year, based on demand rates and our margin performance exiting Q3, we are maintaining our full year 2019 EPS guidance range of $7.55 to $7.85, while acknowledging that the combination of near-term macro uncertainties and the lingering strike at General Motors likely skews the probabilities of potential outcomes toward the lower end of the range.  Moving forward, we continue to focus on executing at a high level on the things that are within our control in the context of the near term macro uncertainties, while remaining fully invested in driving progress on a Finish-the-Job enterprise ready strategy agenda, and on positioning the company to deliver on our 2023 enterprise performance goals.  Our demonstrated ability to deliver strong results across a range of economic scenarios while continuing to make consistent progress towards our long-term full potential performance is a direct result of the combination of the performance power and resilience of the ITW business model and a dedicated team of ITW professionals around the world who leverage it to serve our customers and execute our strategy with excellence day-in and day-out.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Michael for some more details on our Q3 results. Michael? 
Michael Larsen : Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, organic revenue declined 1.7% year-over-year as demand slowed modestly across our portfolio. This quarter had one extra shipping day, so on the same-day basis organic revenue was down 3.2% versus the 2.8% decline in Q2. Product Line Simplification was 60 basis points.  By geography, North America was down 2% and International was down 1%. Europe declined 2%, while Asia Pacific was up 2%. On a positive note, organic growth in China was plus 7%.  Our execution on the elements within our control was strong as we expanded operating margins by 40 basis points to 25% with strong contributions from enterprise initiatives and positive price cost. Our Q3 decremental margin was 15%.  GAAP EPS of $2.04 benefited from the fact that we filed our federal tax return and reduced our estimated tax liability for tax year 2018 by $21 million, which contributed $0.07 of EPS in the quarter.  On a year-over-year basis the $2.04 GAAP EPS number included $0.05 of unfavorable foreign currency translation impact, which was offset by a $0.05 benefit from our lower Q3 tax rate of 21.6% as compared to 23.7% in the prior year.  As expected free cash flow was strong at $830 million, an increase of 12% with the conversion of 126%. We repurchased $375 million out of our shares and raised our annual dividend by 7%. Overall, excellent operational execution and solid financial performance despite some external challenges.  Let’s move to slide five and operating margin. As you can see from the chart, operating margin improved again this quarter with enterprise initiatives contributing 120 basis points, which was the highest level since 2017. It is worth noting that the enterprise initiatives impact is broad based across all seven segments ranging from 80 basis to 190 basis points, and we're seeing the benefits of the accelerated restructuring activities we initiated earlier in the year.  Price remains solid and well ahead of raw material inflation on a dollar basis. In addition, raw material cost pressures eased again this quarter, and price/cost margin impact was positive for the first time since 2016. Volume leverage was unfavorable 40 basis points, and other was 60 basis points of headwind, about half of which was from normal, annual inflation on wages and salaries, coupled with some one-time items. Restructuring expense was equal to what we spent in the third quarter 2018. So, in summary, strong operating margin performance again this quarter.  Turning to slide six for details on segment performance. The table on the left provides some color on organic grow. As you can see, on an equal day basis, we were down 3% in Q3, which was essentially the same decline as in Q2.  Like Q2, we experienced lower levels of demand in some of the CapEx related offerings. You can see the impact in Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, and Electronics, both with growth rates 4 points lower than last quarter. However, in both cases, underlying order rates were pretty good. Automotive OEM was down less in Q3, largely due to the benefit from an easier comparison year-over-year, and the Welding and the remaining three segments were all pretty stable.  Now let’s move to individual segment results starting with Automotive OEM. Organic revenue was down 2%, as the GM strike reduced revenues by approximately 1 percentage point. In addition, we had 100 basis points of PLS impact. North America was down 6%, Europe was essentially flat, and China organic growth was 7% in a market where builds were down significantly. Margins of 22.1% increase 60 basis points year-over-year.  Moving on to slide seven. Food Equipment organic revenue was down 1% despite strong performance in our service business, which was up 3%. In North America, demand for equipment was a little slower in retail, restaurants were about flat, and we continue to experience growth on the institutional side despite a pretty difficult comparison.  Operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 27.5% with enterprise initiatives, the main contributor. Test & Measurement and Electronics was a little softer this quarter as organic revenue declined 3%. Test and Measurement was down 4%. Excluding sales to semiconductor equipment manufacturers, organic growth would have been up 1%. Electronics was down 3%, mostly driven by softness in electronic assembly. Operating margin nevertheless expanded 90 basis points to 25.6% with enterprise initiatives also a main driver here. Turning to slide eight. Welding organic revenue declined 2% against the tough comparison of 10% growth last year. In North American the equipment side was down 4%, but against the comp of more than 10% growth last year. North America consumables were up 4%, which continues to point to pretty good underlying Welding activity at our customers. International is now 3% and operating margin was 28.2%.  Polymers & Fluids organic growth was up 3% with Polymers up 7% against the comparison of down 3% last year. Automotive aftermarket was up 2% and Fluids was down 1%. Operating margin was up 200 basis points, driven primarily by enterprise initiative.  Moving to slide nine, construction organic revenue was down 1% with continued risk in Australia and New Zealand which was down 4%. Europe was up 1% and North America was essentially flat with residential remodel however up 4%, offset by lower demand in commercial construction.  In Specialty, organic revenue was down 5% and similar to Q2 the main drivers were 100 basis points of the PLS impact and the relative performance of the businesses we've identified as potential divestitures. These potential divestitures reduce organic growth for the segment by about a point and half; in other words core specialty was down 3.5%. By geography international was down 5% and North America was down 4%.  Let's talk about full year guidance on slide 10. Based on demand rates and our margin performance exiting Q3, we are maintaining our full year 2019 EPS guidance range of $7.55 to $7.85, while acknowledging as Scott said, that the combination of near term macro uncertainty and the lingering strike at General Motors likely skews the probabilities of potential outcomes towards the lower end of the range.  While the Q3 discrete tax items that I described earlier, lowers our full year tax rate to approximately 24%. This benefit is essentially offset by incremental foreign currency headwind that has crept in since we updated our full year guidance as of the end of Q2.  We expect that operating margin for the full year would be approximately 24%, which is down slightly from our previous guidance as a result of higher accelerated restructuring expense and the impact of slightly lower volume. It is worth noting that given the environment, we now expect incremental accelerated restructuring expenses in Q4 that will represent a headwind of approximately $0.03 year-over-year. Our cash performance has been strong all year and we expect that our full year conversion rate will be well ahead of net income. Our plan in terms of share repurchases remains unchanged and we are on track to repurchase approximately 1.5 billion of our own shares this year.  Now for a quick update on our portfolio management activities. Overall our various divestiture processes are on track. As a reminder, we're looking to divest certain businesses with revenues totaling up to $1 billion and are targeting to complete this effort by year end 2020 with about half of the divestitures in 2019.  The positive impact includes about 50 basis point improvement in our organic growth rate and approximately 100 basis points of margin improvement. Not counting potential gains on sale and the EPS dilution will be offset by incremental sherry purchases and we will continue to provide you with updates on our regular earnings calls.  Finally as a result of moving our annual Investor Day to March, we will now provide 2020 full year guidance, part of our January 2020 earnings call.  With that, Karen I’ll turn it back to you. 
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thanks Michael. Julianne, please open up the lines for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ann Duignan from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. 
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Scott Santi: Good morning! 
Ann Duignan: Good morning. Maybe we could start out with more color on end markets and what you saw as you went through the quarter in terms of cadence of sales or cadence of orders by segment. If you don't mind, just some color as to what's going on beyond the General Motors strike? I appreciate it. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, sure Ann. So I think there's really nothing yet unusual on a monthly basis as we went through the quarter. I think as we talked about in the script, we did see a modest slowdown, particularly on the CapEx side here in Q3 similar to what we saw in Q2, and you saw it show up to some extent in Food Equipment as well as in Test and Measurement where the growth rates were lower in Q3 relative to Q2 on a year-over-year basis.  You know that said, I also think it was worth pointing out that when we look at the underlying activity in these businesses and the order rates, they are actually looking pretty good heading into Q4, so a little bit of a mixed bag here.  I’d say automotive looks like on a year-over-year basis, certainly the Q3 organic growth rate was better than Q2. Part of that is an easier comparison, and then obviously we talked about the impact of the GM strike here in Q3, so – and the remaining segments, pretty stable, you know Welding, Construction, and Specialty. 
Ann Duignan: And just a follow-up on maybe some color on the Welding side consumables versus equipment. I mean, I think you had flagged back in Q2 as the CapEx side slowing, but the consumable side still strong, and I think in your comments you reiterated that. Could you just update us on if there was any change in that industry?
Scott Santi: Yeah, so I was just talking about North America which is really 80% of our business. You know, we did see some softness on the equipment side, down 4%, but keep in mind the comp from last year, equipment was up 11% in Q3 last year. Consumables, up 4% – I think we were up 8% in consumables here in the second quarter. So, a little bit of – maybe a little bit of a slow down on the consumables side, but overall North America down 1%, and I think we’ve said Welding is pretty stable here in Q3 similar to what we saw maybe in the second quarter. 
Ann Duignan: Okay, I’ll leave it there in the interest of time. I appreciate the color. Thanks. 
Scott Santi: Thank you, Ann. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Yeah, thank you. Good morning everybody. 
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
John Inch: Good morning. The GM strike, is that – are you guys assuming that the GM strike does not get resolved in the fourth quarter as part of your guidance. It may not move the needle perhaps, but – and then when it actually ends Michael, that 1% drag, does it flip to a 1% contribution or because there has to be inventory fill back at the company, right in terms of working process, does that actually go up higher than the 1%. How are you thinking about it? 
Scott Santi: Well, I would say that all the scenarios, all the potential scenarios from it gets settled. I guess next week with the Board [ph], all the way through that never gets settled through the quarter are embedded in our guidance range. You know there is – we have really no purpose or advantage in trying to make a particular bet. We are obviously not involved in the process, but have incorporated all the – you know sort of the most optimistic and the most pessimistic scenarios in our guidance range for the balance of the year and essentially that's how we are approaching it. And since you asked Michael, and I’ll give you a little color in terms of the potential impact on the organic growth of the company. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I think here in Q4, as Scott said kind of best case at this point is, we start back up next week. So we’ve already lost a month, which is almost a full point of organic growth at the ITW level, about 3 percentage points of impact in the auto segment alone, so that's essentially done at this point. And then if you can you kind of, as Scott said, if things do not get resolved at all this quarter, which is maybe the worst case scenario, we would lose another [multiple speakers].
Scott Santi: That is the worst case scenario. 
Michael Larsen: Which is the worst case scenario. You know we’d lose another 2 points of organic growth here. So those things are kind of all embedded in what we're talking about today, and I think it's part of the elements that you know skew our view in terms of the guidance range towards the lower end as we talked about it. 
John Inch: Okay. So in other words, if the worst case scenario GM doesn't get resolved until Jan 1, the low end of your range for the year, the $7.55 still captures that, that's what you're saying? 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think, obviously we don’t want to get into customer profitability, but in terms of you know EPS, we're talking about pennies of impact here. 
John Inch: No, that's fine. Just for my follow up, Scott I remember historically how your enterprise initiatives and PLS, you were fairly adamant this was going to lead to kind of a structural elevation in ITW's organic growth, and you guys have been at this obviously for years; and it's been very, very successful. Here we are in the third quarter and PLS is kind of sort of at the same cadence, right, 60 basis points; it was 70 last quarter; enterprise initiatives is actually accelerating.  I'm just wondering, I mean presumably you would've gone after kind of the lower-hanging PLS fruit. Is there a risk that as we keep this PLS cadence off that, you know the future for with respect to organic growth and what you had thought would be the benefits from this somehow gets impacted because this PLS just doesn't abate if that makes any sense, and maybe growth has an impact down the road. 
Scott Santi: Well, I think the – I don't see it as a risk. I think really what we are seeing play out is that the PLS rate has definitely come down over this, you know the period that we’ve been implementing it. 
John Inch: Right. 
Scott Santi: If you remember back to the front end of the implementation of the strategy, it was running 1 point to 1.5 points.  You know, we feel like on an ongoing basis just embedded in how we operate the business model normalized, I think we even talked about this at last Investor Day; normalized PLS should be 30 to 40 bps, so at 60 I don't think we are too far from, you know we're not – we're certainly demonstrating the movement through that process certainly, and as you suggested, the low hanging fruit we dealt with a few years ago, but there's certainly some fine tuning going on.  A lot of that in those businesses that we're still working on, getting position to grow, we’ll give you an update at the Investor Day in terms of how we're tracking on the rate of growing versus not growing divisions, but I assure you we are making solid progress on that front, and we’ll as I said, give you a fulsome updates in March, on Friday the 13th. 
John Inch: Yes, Friday the 13th. So you're feeling good about the prospective core growth once – as a result of I guess the PLS and EI, which I presume we're going to see more of once we get rid of these, you know these companies still slated for divestiture. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, there is no question. I'm not – you know the macro environment certainly right now would offset some of the online [ph] progress, but we are on it from the standpoint of the qualitative steps we need to take to accelerate organic growth. That has continued unabated through this process. It's certainly a little more difficult to see in terms of growth rate, the yield on all that effort given the environment right now, but you know we have – I assure you we are making really solid progress and it remains the number one focus of everything we're doing. 
John Inch: Many thanks. 
Scott Santi: You bet. 
Michael Larsen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Jamie Cook : Good morning. The margin performance I guess, if you think about the second quarter and the third quarter, I guess even in first quarter you faced I guess some more challenging organic growth that’s been fairly depressed. And then if you think about, you know the margin performance in the fourth quarter and while it’s good, it's still implying sort of you know more of a step function down and the inability to I guess keep the margins up year-over-year I guess which is expected, but to some degree can you just provide some context on the degradation in Q4 margins and just what that implies for 2020 in terms of how we think about detrimental margins for Q2, Q3 elevated more so because the price cost. I'm just trying to understand the step function change there.  And then just my second question – I guess my second question is we all debate, you know whether how this market plays out in terms of sort of mid-cycle slowdown versus you know more challenging concerns, recessions and how you guys are familiar managing your business. Thank you. 
Michael Larsen: Why don’t I take the easy one, which is the first part, then maybe we'll take a stab together on the second piece.  I mean I think we've tweaked our full year margin guidance as you noticed, really to account for two things. One is that just given the demand environment that we're in, we made a decision to further accelerate some restructuring projects and so we are going to be spending more on restructuring for the full year. And these are really projects that were in the pipeline for next year and so we've pulled them forward into this year, so that's a portion of it.  And then the other piece is really you know we talked about GM impact and just kind of the macro environment and the potential impact on volume leverage, so really those two things combined.  I will tell you that at the same time when I look at the – you know we'll give you kind of a squiggle, 24%. I mean we're really talking about decimal points here, so I wouldn't read too much into, you know certainly into the implications for next year. Our ability to continue to expand margins, nothing has changed from that perspective.  So hopefully that makes you feel a little bit better about the margin assumptions here and then the second question I think was really in terms of how things play out from here, from a macro standpoint and…
Scott Santi: You’re looking at me. 
Michael Larsen: I’m looking at Scott here for some wisdom. 
Scott Santi: Well, I guess I don’t want this to be interpreted wrong, but I have none. I think our view, you know fundamentally in terms of how we operate the company is we are going to operate, we are going to react and we are going to operate to the best of our ability and whatever the external environment throws our way. I think we've built – spent six or seven years now building a highly competitive, very effective company that now has the kind of margin cushion underneath it that allows us to react to whatever the world throws at us.  I think you're all well aware of some of the issues right now and that they relate largely to a lot of uncertainty that’s out in the environment for reasons that you are I'm sure all well aware of.  I think whatever – you know however that gets resolved, this company is well positioned to operate at a very high level on an absolute and a relative basis in that environment and given some of what we’ve talked about historically in terms of flexible cost structure, in terms of margin and profitability that we will continue to focus on operating the company in the most appropriate way for whatever the environment is that we find ourselves. Personally I'm optimistic, but who knows. 
Jamie Cook : Okay, thanks. I’ll let someone else get in. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities, your line is open. 
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning! 
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
Andy Casey: Within welding, could you provide a little bit more color in the U.S.? did you see any significant differences in performance by main market? 
Scott Santi: So not really Andy. It was pretty similar in North America to what we saw in Q2, I think characterized a little by some stability is maybe a way to describe it. I think if you look at you know the industrial businesses, down and low single digits, so that's more on the heavy equipment side.  The commercial business flat, maybe down a point or so and an underlying that like I said so the equipment side down four, offset by consumables up four, so we end up basically flat. Maybe I'll give you one more data point here. You know the oil and gas side was actually slightly positive, not a big part of the business in North America, but up mid-single digits in Q3, so – but really a stable quarter in terms of welding. 
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you. And then when you look forward in the Q4, you called out that $0.03 of accelerative restructuring. Is that concentrated in any few segments or is that kind of similar to what we've been seeing the placement during the year. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's very similar. I mean if you look at, there’s a schedule in the appendix of the press release that lays out kind of the – this is pretty broad based and you know as I said, I can give some points out. These are projects that were planned all along for 2020 and we're going to try to accelerate some of those into the Q4 just as a result of this, kind of the demand environment that we're seeing. 
Andy Casey: But they are related much more directly to enterprise initiatives than… 
Scott Santi: That is correct. I think if you want to make a distinction, I think the first half of this year there was a focus certainly around acquisition integration on the automotive side. We accelerated some projects there just give the environment that in hindsight turned out to be you know a good decision and you know this time around it's more enterprise initiative 80/20 related projects that were you know scheduled for 2020 that we're going to pull forward into 2019. 
Andy Casey: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Scott Santi: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. 
David Raso: Hi, good morning. 
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
David Raso: A quick clarification on the fourth quarter of the margin. With the implied sales and the implied EPS, which is about $1.94 or so to hit your mid-point, it does seem to require the operating margin to be you know nearly 25%, call it 24.8%, 24.9%, something like that. So are we saying there's a step down in the margins in the fourth quarter and if so, is the fourth quarter helped by below the line items to hit the EPS? I'm just trying to level, is that the fourth quarter view. 
Michael Larsen: Yes, so this is a little tricky Dave, because we don't give Q4 guidance, we're giving you a full year number. What I will tell you is, as you go back and look at historical margins, typically take a step down here in Q4 relative to Q3, like I said, here we talked about restructuring, we talked about lower volume, you could model what the impact might be from that, and then there's no – we're not counting on any one time item one way or another in terms of the fourth quarter. So hopefully that's helpful without giving you specific guidance for the quarter. 
David Raso: I appreciate that, but obviously if you take the mid-point you can't have a margin that's like 24.2% or 24.3% or whatever it may be and still hit your EPS number, unless you do get help below the line. So there's a little bit of a mismatch in the numbers and we can discuss offline.  The inventory management I thought was pretty good during the quarter. That's a first time in a few years your inventory performed better year-over-year than your sales, meaning they were down a lot more than sales were down. The incremental restructuring in the fourth quarter, the way you're handling the inventory, you know it does seem likely at least you’re doing the right thing so to speak for maybe a slower ‘20.  Can you help us a bit with the inventory, how you view it in your channel? You know obviously your own inventory as I just said sort of did a pretty good job sequentially year-over-year. Can you help us with the channel inventory color? 
Scott Santi: Well, I think from the standpoint of channel inventory and we talked about this before, but we are – given the performance embedded in, let’s call it the operational X, you know elements of 80-20, you know we are you know for 90% plus of what we sell. You give us an order today, we ship it tomorrow.  So from the standpoint of channel inventory, I think that's an advantage and from the standpoint of our channel partners in terms of minimizing their need to carry a lot of inventory, so you know I think it’s one of the reasons why we tend to have these external market inflection one way or the other show up in our business quicker than maybe some others where there's more backlog involved.  I think that's a real advantage, but you know I don't think we're going to talk about destocking or any of that stuff, because I don't really think it's an issue from our standpoint given the relatively low level of them toward that are – I mean there are some out there certainly, but it's not a material element given the way we’re able to service our channel partners.
David Raso: So that's interesting. You're saying the improvement in the inventory management, 2Q to 3Q that we normally say again year-over-year, that was just normal course a business. You would say that was not any proactive…
A - Scott Santi: Right. That – we’re not getting into a lot of detail. That’s just – there's a self-correcting element to demand found where you know all that stuff is. We’ve talked about this before and we’ll show it to you in Fort Worth a little bit when we visit there, but essentially we are producing today what our customers bought yesterday. So there's no forward forecasting in our raw material replenishment. It's all basically replenishment from vendors, so it’s essentially self-correcting to the demand environment, which is the reflection and what showed up or what you are looking at. 
David Raso: Right. Well, lastly – thank you. The portfolio management, that half of the asset sales are still hope to be done by the end of this year. Can you just give us an update on – you know we're only few months away. Is it a matter of the right partners, is it you know still discussing the price? Just to make sure we’re comfortable and we still see some of those asset sales done by the end of this year. Thank you.
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's a little bit of all of the above. I mean I think these processes are all in various stages. In terms of negotiations and you know I think we've talked about our goal is to get half of these transactions completed this year and all of them completed by the end of next year.  I'll say in terms of overall financial impact, you know there may be some one-time gains on sale that I'm sure you know we're going to call those out and you can adjust our EPS numbers based on that. I think fundamentally from a financial standpoint as we look forward, this is to 2020, the EBITDA that we are divesting here, that will essentially be offset by lower share account. So from an EPS standpoint there really is no significant impact on the company.  And then structurally when all of these are completed by 2020, which is certainly our goal, you know structurally there's an element here of addition by subtraction as we've talked about. That's the 50 basis points of improvement in the organic growth rate and 100 basis points of improvement in our underlying operating margins. 
David Raso: Right, thank you. 
Scott Santi: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joseph Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Joseph Ritchie : Thanks, and good morning, everyone. 
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joseph Ritchie : So maybe asking David's question a little bit differently, I know you don't want to give an explicit guide for 4Q, but if we think about the full year guidance of 24% at the operating margin level, it implies that 4Q is going to be down year-over-year, you know call it roughly 50 to 60 basis points, and I'm trying to understand the moving pieces. So I recognize restructuring has now been increased to the fourth quarter, but there is also a $0.05 benefit from what I remember coming through in 4Q as well. And so maybe you can just kind of help me with the moving pieces year-over-year. 
A - Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean Joe. I'm not sure I can add much more to what I said previously. I mean we've given you the elements here, you're right. I mean higher restructuring we talked about, you know there's an assumption of lower volume, which includes and you know we talked about extensively the GM impact. And then certainly we expect to see you know enterprise initiatives continue to contribute at a high level and price cost trends are positive. So I think those are kind of the pieces here.  Again, you know like I said, this is a – things are in the round here. We're talking about decimal points of differences and you know I wouldn't get too caught up in kind of the Q4 versus full year margin number. I think for the full year, in a pretty challenging year you know margins are essentially flat.  If you take out the restructuring, margins are improving year-over-year which is the Q3. 40 basis points a margin improvement, detrimental margins of 15% and so I think the company is performing at a pretty high level just given the environment that we're in, so…
Scott Santi: And I’ll just extent that. I know we should – in any way interpreting this is the same. We are not fully on track to take in our margins to where we think we can on a long term basis by 2023, right. 
Joseph Ritchie : Okay, and maybe I’m going to follow-on that question and Scott, as you kind of think about the moving pieces, I know you're going to give explicit guidance at the Analyst Day in March. But as you kind of think about the moving pieces, you know obviously commodities have become a little bit more of a tailwind for a lot of industrial companies, your price costs only turned positive, which is great. But there's also been additional investment spending that has been a bit more of a drag on the overall margin in recent years and so maybe you can provide a little bit more of a bridge for next year and how we should be thinking about the different moving pieces as you guys see it. 
A - Scott Santi: Well, I don't know that I can give you a lever. In terms of specifics we're going to give you our guidance. As Michael said in January, we haven't even completed the planning process yet. We do that typically in November, so all I can tell you from the standpoint of moving pieces is for sure we have a backlog of enterprise initiative projects. We expect continued margin improvement structurally from those next year.  I can't exactly dimension it for you yet, because we haven’t gone through the planning process, but I would say it would be you know my – sitting here today that would be – it would be in line with what we did this year, which is a full point or so give or take. You know and the other big question for next year is going to be where does the volume go in terms of the macro. This is a company that's really well set up. In terms of leverage if we can get some volume growth going from the standpoint of end markets, but if we see further deceleration in 2020, then we'll, you know we’ll react to it. I think we'll operate well either way and then these divestitures will as Michael said, add a full point of margin performance as we work through those and complete those by the end of next year.  So I think from the standpoint of the overall margin profile of the company and you know the clarity of our path to where we said we were going to get 2023, I don't see anything that’s also becoming an obstacle to that for sure. 
Joseph Ritchie : Okay, thanks for your time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Stephen Volkmann : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Michael, I think you sort of talked about this already, but you're not looking at any meaningful changes in things like PLS, enterprise initiatives, price cost, etcetera for the fourth quarter, that's not part of the equation here? Hello?
Operator: We are experiencing technical difficulties. Please stay on the line.  And you're now reconnected. 
Stephen Volkmann : Hi guys, can you hear me? 
Karen Fletcher: Yes, sorry we lost the connection in our room, so you'll have to start from the beginning. Sorry about that. 
Stephen Volkmann : Okay, good. I don't think it was my fault, I didn't touch anything. 
A - Scott Santi: I think Joe didn’t like the last question. [Cross Talk]
Stephen Volkmann : Yeah sorry, this is Steve with Jeffrey. So I just had a couple of quick follow-ups and the first one Michael, I think you kind of touched on this stuff, but I just wanted to make sure you weren’t forecasting any meaningful changes in the cadence of things like PLS, enterprise initiatives, price cost in the fourth quarter to kind of explain a little bit of that shift. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, that's correct, yeah we're not – that’s not what we're talking about. 
Stephen Volkmann : Okay, great. And then this is maybe a slightly annoying question, but assuming you get 50% of your divestitures done by the end of this year, does that mean that 50% or 50 basis points of even improvement sort of flows into 2020 or are you potentially kind of working on the bigger return projects first and it might be a little higher or perhaps lower even, I don't know. 
A - Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean directionally, I'd say about half of the impact. If everything – theoretically if everything gets done by year-end 2019, so like let’s say everything – half of the projects that we're working on, they all get done by year-end, you will see approximately half of the benefit that I mentioned earlier in 2020, and then when everything is complete as they were targeting by the end of 2020, so 2021 will be the first year where you would see a full 50 basis points of organic growth and 100 basis points of structural margin improvement, so hopefully that’s clear. 
Stephen Volkmann : Yeah, very clear. Thank you so much, I'll pass it on. 
Michael Larsen: And then any EPS impact will be – you know the goal is to completely offset that so we shouldn't see anything from any EPS standpoint. 
Stephen Volkmann : Got it, thank you.
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, some one-time gains that would flow through, yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vlad Bystricky from Citi. Your line is open.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, everyone. 
A - Scott Santi: Good morning.
Vlad Bystricky: So just going back to the segments here for a minute, you gave obviously some good color around the GM issues in North America. But if I look at auto OEM, you actually had pretty nice rebound in organic there internationally. So can you give us more color on what's really going on in Europe and especially in China where the out performance versus builds you know really widened this quarter? 
A - Scott Santi: Yes, so I think in Europe we talked about I think in the last call, things appearing to begin to stabilize in Europe and so we've gone from being down kind of mid to high single digits to you know now flat as builds have recovered as well in Europe, so.  And then China was really the big outperformance there as really as a result of continued penetration gains, primarily with local Chinese OEM's. So even in a market where builds are down kind of in the mid-single digits here in Q3, we’re able to outperform and grow our business you know 7%. So it's nothing new. It's really a continuation of the strategy that we've been pursuing there for many years, so. 
Vlad Bystricky: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just stepping back bigger picture, at the last analyst day you categorized the divisions into three groups that you've talked about a bit; ready to grow and growing versus ready to grow and not yet growing versus long term challenge. Now that we've had a bit of a hick-up in the macro, can you give us some more color on how each of those three groups of businesses have been performing through the current slowdown and whether you're seeing anything that changes how you may be thinking about the longer term outlook for any of the particular businesses. 
Scott Santi: We haven't seen anything that changes our view of both the potential from the standpoint of growth in any of those businesses and also in terms of the agenda and the things we need to do to get them to deliver growth to that full potential. We’ll give you guys a really good update, I promise, when we meet in March, in terms of exactly how those different types of businesses performed, even through this period where there’s some macro pressure. 
Vlad Bystricky: Okay, that's helpful thanks. I’ll get back in queue. 
Scott Santi: Alright, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: I apologize. I'm going to go back to well-trodden ground here. There’s a lot of confusion about your – what the message is on Q4 margin, and if we take what you said, which is point us towards the lower end of the range, for obviously, one understands the reasons, it does point to a so 24% margin for 4Q.  So we've got a higher structure, it’s about 30 basis points based on the $0.03 impact. Is it just simply lower volume? I'm asking this in a sort of track to clear out some confusion out there. This could be lower volume in Q4 of the business Q3 with some GM impacts in some of that. But just – if you just could clarify that point that would be very helpful. 
Scott Santi: Yes, so two things Nigel. So let me recap what I said earlier, maybe say it a little more clearly. So one is typical seasonality if you go back and look, our orders, our margin rates go down from Q3 to Q4 because of the volume goes down, so that’s one piece here.  The second piece is higher restructuring on a year-over-year basis, and then the third piece is lower volume, and so including the potential GM impact that we quantified earlier.  So it's really those three elements that are you know factored into the overall equation and our overall guidance, and even with those elements, you know within EPS, within organic growth guidance and that we treat the margins for the full year really to reflect everything I just talked about. And again, we're talking about decimal points on rounding’s here. 
Nigel Coe : That's great, that's very helpful and then of course another fact would be that you typically managed down inventory from Q3 to Q4, so that’s where you got some production currency there as well and you know to shut down especially in Europe. So I'm just curious, you did a great job of managing inventory, you know David Raso that you know earlier in the call. Are you planning to take another say $50 million to $100 million inventory out in Q4, just typically what you do? 
Scott Santi: It would – we don’t have any forward plan to do that. As I said earlier, you know the system for us is essentially self-correcting to the level of demand that our businesses are experiencing week to week and so in a way I would say yes, because normally fourth quarter volumes dip from Q3 and therefore inventory and actually it follows that path. But it's more of a, just a way the 80-20 operating system operates. It’s not a you know what, not to tell people to do it. 
Nigel Coe : Yep, okay, well thanks. Hopefully that's the last Q4 margin question. Thanks a lot. 
Scott Santi: Alright, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open. 
Mig Dobre: Hi, good morning. I will not ask about the margin in the fourth quarter, but I will ask about your revenue guidance. Not sure if I missed this, but you reduced revenue by $300 million versus the prior guidance, call it a little over 2%. What were the moving pieces here in terms of FX, organic hit from GM macro? 
Scott Santi: Yeah, I mean the big difference is really you know the currency piece. So we have you know a more headway on the top line and on EPS relative to when we gave guidance in Q2, really as a result of foreign exchange rates moving against us here since July when we were on the last earnings call. 
Mig Dobre: Okay, so that’s, it’s all FX. 
Scott Santi: Yes. 
Mig Dobre: I see. And then my follow-up going into segments again, I'm looking at the welding business and to me it's pretty remarkable that your volumes have grown in North America in the quarter. Certainly that's not what I'm hearing when I'm talking to people in the industry and we all sort of see that some big customers, especially on the heavy equipment side are cutting production.  So I'm kind of wondering why that's happening and what your hearing from your business operators there. Are you taking share, are there some other dynamics or is it simply that the environment is not as dire as we're all thinking and that may be the flipside applies to Food Equipment, which has slowed and I would think that that market is not as macro sensitive, maybe as welding as for instance. 
Scott Santi: Yes, so let me start with the welding. I mean in think we characterized it as a pretty stable and just to be clear, our organic growth rates, we don't break out volume versus price, right, so that may be part of – and I don't know what everybody else is saying at this point, but that may be part of the difference here on the welding side.  You know Food Equipment, you know we did continue to see solid growth on the institutional side as we talked about restaurants flattish and then really the softness if you want in food was on the retail side and we can point to some specific orders that were pushed out to Q4 and so the underlying order rates on the food equipment side are pretty good. So that's how we tried to characterize it earlier. 
Mig Dobre: Alright, thank you. 
Scott Santi: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Your line is open. 
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning guys. 
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
Walter Liptak: Just a follow-on with the food equipment segment. The restaurants being flat, you know I think that was growing pretty rapidly for you guys in prior quarters and you called out some CapEx things as slowing. I wonder if you can just provide some more color about what you're seeing in that restaurant segment? 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean I – all right, so we'll give you a little more detail here. In terms of the QSR side, fast casual actually showing continued to show really strong growth on a year-over-year basis and it's really more of kind of the full service, think like fine dining type that was a little bit slower here in the quarter. So net-net we ended up at about flat on the restaurant side. 
Walter Liptak: Okay, but what – but that flat I think was down from prior quarters. I think you guys were up high single digits in the first half. Was there something that slowed? 
Michael Larsen: I have to go back and look, I mean – and how comps played into that. I mean I think the best I can tell you is the description I just gave you. I think comps probably if you factor that in are the main driver, but we can follow up on that. 
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right, thank you guys. 
Scott Santi: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Scott Santi: Good morning. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just a first question maybe to help level set on some of this price cost. Michael, I think if I look back historically, we're kind of in the zip code of where you know price cost is normally I guess kind of topped out in deflationary environments, kind of in this 20 maybe 30 basis point range. Is there something that kind of governs that system based on the mix of business from going higher or should we think about you know something in the zip code as kind of being historically more of high end than something that can go higher. 
Michael Larsen: No, I mean I think historically what we've – our goal has always been to just offset any material cost inflation with price, and you know that's what we've done so far this year. If you're asking whether things are going to accelerate from here in terms of the 20 basis points of price cost, I wouldn't make that assumption if that’s your question. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, that's helpful. And then just a follow up, you know thinking about the auto side, but maybe more in Europe where we have some changes coming down the road on emissions and maybe some of the OEMs get a little pinched on mix next year. Have there been any discussions about any kind of mix changes or you know folks getting more, I guess you know kind of aggressive on pushing back on prices than usual just as a function of some of the margin challenges the OEMs will be going through next year. Thanks. 
Michael Larsen: So we haven't through any of the plans yet, but I would be very surprised if we heard somebody describe the environment the way you just did, so I think we… 
Scott Santi: I don't know how you can push back more.
Michael Larsen: It’s a tough industry and in automotive you know our positioning has a very niche, value added solutions provider. You know it’s fueled by innovation and thousands of patents, that’s how we generate price in automotive, but the cost pressures will always remain and that hasn’t changed and I'd be surprised if that would change on a go forward basis, so… 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thanks, I’ll leave it there. 
Scott Santi: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open. 
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to clarify the non-residential construction versus the resi comments you made there, where you said resi was up and non-resi down. Can you just clarify was that specifically North America or more broadly, and then can you just give a little more color on what parts of the non-res market are driving that lower. 
Michael Larsen: So, like I said, this was a North American comment and the residential remodel side continues to be really solid and so that's where we experience 4% growth here in the quarter and that's really the – what we call the age of the business; that's the bulk of the business in North America.  You know the commercial side can be a little lumpier. There’s a project business in there. One of the products that we provided is we pour concrete floors for warehouses and data centers and some of those projects can move in and out of the quarter, and you know this quarter that business was down in the low to mid-teens and kind of offset into North American and ended up basically flat. 
Scott Santi: Let me just clarify, we make products that people use and they pour on those floors, we don’t do that.
Michael Larsen: We don’t pour it, we make the…
Steven Fisher: Sure, understood. And then just related to the auto side of the business, how does your content per vehicle for 2020 look relative to 2019. I imagine at this point you have some view of that. Just kind of curious, what kind of growth you have in the bag already from a content perspective. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean the content as we talked about before is locked in for the next two to three years, so that’s content growth. Obviously we don't know what the auto builds are going to be, but in terms of new product launches and content of new vehicles, the whole business is geared around you know 200 to 400 basis points of above market growth as a result of continued penetration gains. Obviously that number is higher in China as you saw this quarter again, and have seen for many years, but on average it's in that 200 basis to 400 basis range and that hasn’t changed. 
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you very much. 
A - Scott Santi: Sure. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel. Your line is open. 
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for fitting me in. 
Michael Larsen: Good morning. Sure.
Nathan Jones: Michael, you made a comment that I don't think anybody's asked you about, that the test and measurement in electronics orders were actually pretty good. I think that's probably a bit surprising given the soft CapEx environment. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about what was driving that, whether you know there is just some timing impact there or it's more of a you know an improving trend you're seeing. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean I think as you look at the test and measurement business, so down 4% but up 1% excluding the semi-business. We've seen actually some – a couple of months here on the semi side from an order standpoint and then the electronics business is down really primarily driven by electronic assembly. And here similar to what we talked about early, we had some orders that we're differed from Q3 into Q4, and so…  But the MRO side inside of electronics and more I think like clean room technology is pretty stable. But again, it's really more – so that the pressure is really more of the on the equipment side. But again order rates are somewhat encouraging as we head into Q4. If you look at historical, Q4 is always the biggest quarter for the test and measurement business. So that's probably as much color as I can give you. 
Nathan Jones: Okay, and I guess my follow-up question on enterprise initiatives, you guys are looking for a four point this year and four point next year. If I think back a couple years to your Analyst Day in 2017, I think you said 2018 would be a 100 basis points, 2019 will be like half that and then you thought the margin tailwind from enterprise initiatives would be over. Clearly you're out performing that, so maybe you just talk a little bit about, you know the kind of things you have found at a time to continue to drive that, and whether there's an expectation that you can continue to drive margin improvement out of EI past 2020. 
Michael Larsen: Well, I think that's a great question, and I think we’ll be spending quite a bit of time on that at Investor Day. I mean I think part of what's going on here is 80-20 is – the core element here is that of continuous improvement and you know I think the more work we do in this area, the better we get at 80/20, the better the raw material in terms of the underlying businesses, you know the more opportunity we find.  And so if you recall all the way back to when we launched the enterprise strategy, the goal was to get to 20% EBIT margins. Today we are sitting in the mid-20s with a clear path to 28% in the not too distant future, and it's not that we knew all along, that's what we were going to end up with. It's really that we keep getting better and better at 80-20, and 80-20 today as our operating system is more powerful than it's ever been in his to the company and it continues to evolve. So you know I can't give you specifics in terms of basis points for next year yet, but we expect to continue to make progress consistent with what we've done over the last six years and I’ll just want one more data point.  If you look at, this is not one or two segments driving this. This is really broad based. I think we said between 80 and 190 basis points across the segments and so that gives me and should give you some confidence for sure that there's a lot more opportunity to come here from the margins standpoint, so… 
Nathan Jones: Very helpful. Thanks very much. 
Scott Santi: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: We have no further questions. I’ll turn the call back over to Karen Fletcher for closing remarks. 
Karen Fletcher : Okay, thanks Julianne. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning and feel free to reach out to me if you have any further questions. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for joining ITW's 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Cheryl and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. For those participating in the Q&A, you will have the opportunity to ask one question and if needed one follow-up question. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, you may begin.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks Sheryl. Good morning and welcome to ITW's Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi, along with Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss second quarter financial results and provide an update on our 2019 full-year outlook. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the remainder of the year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2018 Form 10-K for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. So with that I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen, and good morning. As you saw in our report this morning during the second quarter, we experienced a deceleration in demand across our portfolio. At the total company level, second quarter revenues came in 2% points or approximately $85 million below what they would have been had demand helped at the level we were seeing exiting Q1. Q2 revenues were down across all seven of our segments versus Q1 run rates with higher declines in CapEx related products, such as welding equipment. EPS came in at $1.91, down from $1.97 last year. In addition to external market factors, known headwinds primarily foreign currency translation and accelerated restructuring expense reduced EPS by 8% year-over-year in the quarter. Excluding the impact of these headwinds in a couple of small divestitures, this quarter EPS would have been $2 or an increase of 2%. As usual, as the quarter progressed, the ITW team executed well on the elements within our control, operating margin held solid at 24.1% supported by more than 100 basis points of benefits from enterprise initiatives. Despite negative volume leverage and excluding 30 basis points of restructuring impact operating margin improved 10 basis points year-on-year. The team also managed working capital well as we delivered a 14% increase in free cash flow this quarter. And after-tax return on invested capital was 28.6%. Based on the data available to us in the fact that we've only seen these slowing conditions for a couple of months, it is difficult to draw any conclusions as to whether this is a pause related to some near-term business tentativeness or something that may turn out to be more protracted.  And in terms of visibility for us, keep in mind that is a result of the service levels that we provide to our customers. The majority of our divisions are order today ship tomorrow businesses, and as a result we carry very little backlog across the company. That said, we have had contingency planning discussions with our segment leadership as to the adjustments that need to be made to our plans for the remainder of the year in light of the current operating environment. And as we always do, we are adjusting our full-year guidance in line with conditions on the ground as they exist today. Current run rates exiting Q2 projected through the remainder of the year would result in an organic revenue decline of 1% to 3% for the full-year. And as a result, we are reducing our full-year EPS guidance by 4% at the midpoint. All other assumptions are essentially unchanged and we continue to expect a stronger second half on a relative basis, as first half headwinds from foreign currency translation and higher restructuring expenses dissipate. While the combination of a decline in global auto market slowing manufacturing CapEx spending and significant business uncertainty has this operating in a challenging macro environment near term, our efforts over the last seven years have been focused on leveraging the strength and resilience of the ITW business model to position the company for long-term through the cycle performance. To that end, I would point out that despite the external challenges of the moment, in Q2 we delivered the third highest quarterly EPS in the 107-year history of the company. Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, while we will be prudent in making appropriate adjustments based on the near-term demand environment and continue to drive quality execution on the elements within our control, we remain focused on managing and investing to maximize the company's growth and performance over the long term. Our teams are executing aggressively on our Finish the Job strategy agenda,, and we continue to make solid and consistent progress in positioning the company to achieve our 2023 enterprise performance goals. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Michael to give you more detail on our quarter. Michael?
Michael Larsen: All right, thank you, Scott, and good morning. In the second quarter,, organic revenue declined 2.8% year-over-year as demand slowed across our portfolio versus demand levels exiting Q1 to the tune of approximately 2% points. Compared to Q1, Q2 year-over-year organic growth rate slowed in all segments with the most significant slowdown in Welding. Like geography, North America was down 2% and International was down 4% in both Europe and Asia Pacific. Of note, China was down 5% with Automotive, the main driver, and excluding automotive, China was up 1%. You will recall that we previously talked about the first half of the year and Q2 being challenging due to a number of known headwinds , namely currency and restructuring. Those items played out as we expected. GAAP EPS of $1.91 included $0.06 of unfavorable foreign currency translation impact, $0.02 of higher year-over-year restructuring expense and a penny loss related to two small divestitures in Specialty Products. We continue to expect that these first half headwinds moderate in the second half, and I'll provide more detail on the first half-second half dynamics on Slide 9. Excluding these three items, EPS would have been $2, an increase of 2% versus Q2 last year, which you might recall was a record quarter with EPS of $1.97, it was up 17% versus the prior year. As usual, our execution on the elements within our control was strong. Operating margin of 24.1% improved 10 basis points, excluding 30 basis points of accelerated restructuring impact. As you may recall in Q1, we made the decision to accelerate this year's planned restructuring projects into the first half of the year, a decision that sets us up well for the second half. Price was well ahead across from a dollar basis and margin neutral for the first time, first time since 2016 as pricing actions continue to more than offset moderating material costs. Enterprise initiatives were the largest driver again in terms of margin expansion and contributed 110 basis points this quarter with more to come. Free cash flow increased 14% and conversion was 98%, seasonally strong for second quarter. In terms of capital structure, we opportunistically refinanced our short-term debt and locked in annualized interest expense savings, equivalent to $0.07 a share. And we repurchased $375 million of our shares as planned. Overall in a softer macro environment than we expected entering into the quarter, ITW team executed well to essentially hold operating margins despite a 6% decline in revenues, grow free cash flow double digits, and deliver EPS of $1.91, the third highest in our company's history, the highest ever being Q2 last year. Let's go to Slide 4 for some detail on operating margin. Like I said, operating margin was a solid 24.1% as enterprise initiatives contributed 110 basis points. Setting aside the impact from higher restructuring year-over-year, operating margin was 24.4%, a 10 basis point improvement from last year despite negative volume leverage of 60 basis points. Price cost margin impact was neutral this quarter, thanks to strong pricing and moderating costs. You can see the sequential price/cost trends on the bottom left side of the slide. And if things stay broadly as they are, price/cost is on track to turn margin positive in the second half. The other category has a negative 40 basis points this quarter and includes 20 basis points of one-time items. Going forward, we expect the impact of the other category to normalize in the 10 to 30 basis points range in line with historical. So in summary, strong execution and margin performance with enterprise initiatives contributing 110 basis points again. And the enterprise initiatives impact is broad based ranging from 70 to 160 basis points across all seven segments. In fact in a few slides, you'll see some very strong margin performance in the segments including Polymers & Fluids up 160 basis points, Test & Measurement Electronics up 100 basis points, and Construction up 50 basis points, just to name a few. Turning to Slide 5. For details on segment performance. As we talked about on our last call, we expected Q2 to be pretty similar to Q1 based on the levels of demand we were seeing at the time we exited Q1. Based on historical data, we expected sales to be up approximately 3% from Q1 to Q2. In actuality, they were up only 1% as we experienced a broad based deceleration in demand as the quarter progressed. The chart on the left illustrates that point. This is a summary of segment organic growth rates year-over-year in Q1 versus Q2 and to make it apples to apples we equalized the number of shipping days in Q1 and you can clearly see the impact of slowing market conditions across the board with the largest decline in Welding, which was up 5% in Q1 and down 2% in Q2. At the enterprise level, where we were essentially flat year-over-year in Q1, Q2 ended up being down almost 3%. The decelerating demand occurred from May and June. And after only two months, we don't have enough data points to tell whether this is a pause or potentially more of a sustained slowdown. That said, our standard approach is to recalibrate our full year expectations and guidance based on the demand levels we were seeing exiting the second quarter, which essentially means that there is no second half reacceleration built into our guidance. We'll get into that in more detail on Slide 10. Now that's going to be more detail for each segment starting with Automotive OEM and similar to Q1 organic revenue was down 7% compared to the most recent IHS builds down 9% for North America, Europe and China combined. Despite the fact that this quarter included 130 basis points of Product Line Simplification, nearly half of which related to the ongoing integration of a European based acquisition. This segment still outgrew the underlying markets by comfortable margin. North America was down 6% as builds at the Detroit 3 where we have our highest content per vehicle, were down 6% in the quarter. In Europe, organic revenue was down 8% essentially in line with Q1, and beginning to show some signs of stabilizing. In China, organic revenue was down 12%. On a positive note, we continue to take full advantage of the long-term growth opportunities in this segment and a new product pipeline and new program wins remain strong positioning us for 2% to 3% of above market organic growth on a sustained basis. The segment is performing well in the current auto down cycle as evidenced by 22% plus margins despite some pretty sizable declines in revenue over the last four quarters. Operating margin was 22.1% with a significant contribution from enterprise initiatives again this quarter. We'll continue to manage our way through these near-term challenges and adjusting our cost structure as appropriate and focus our positioning the segment for the long term. Looking forward to the second half, even though IHS is forecasting that auto builds for North America, Europe and China combined will be flat versus down 8% in the first half, we are using current run rates which equate to a decline in builds of approximately 5% in the second half. Moving on to Slide 6. Food Equipment organic growth was solid up 2% with strong performance in our service business, which was up 4% and equipment of 1%. In North America, results were similar to the first quarter with 2% organic growth with modest growth in the equipment side and service up 4%. Growth in independent restaurants and QSR was solid up double digits, offset by a decline in institutional where we had a tough comp of 20% plus growth in the prior year quarter. Food retail was a bright spot again this quarter, also up double digits, as the recovery here appears to be taking hold. International organic growth was up 2% mostly on strength in Europe, which was up 4% offset by weakness in China. Operating margin expanded to 25.6% with enterprise initiatives,, the main driver. Test & Measurement and Electronics, Organic revenue was down 1%, excluding lower sales to semiconductor equipment manufacturers, which represent approximately $200 million. This segment organic growth would have been up 2%. As we have talked about before, we plan for semiconductor-related sales to be down double-digits this year. And so far things are playing out as expected. Test & Measurement was down 3%, up 4% excluding semiconductor and electronics was up 1%. Operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 24.5% with enterprise initiatives, the main driver. Turning to Slide 7. In Welding as we talked about earlier, we experienced significant deceleration in demand as the quarter progressed. Organic revenue declined by 2% against the challenging year-over-year comparison. Equipment sales globally were down 4% and the decline was broad based by end market. Consumables were flat. North America was down 3% with equipment sales down 5%, while filler metals were up 5%, suggesting that underlying Welding activity in North America is still fairly solid which is certainly a positive sign. International markets were flat and operating margin was the highest of our segments at 28.8%. Polymers & Fluids organic growth was flat with Polymers up 2%. Automotive aftermarket was flat and fluids were down 3%. Operating margin was up 160 basis points, driven by enterprise initiatives. Moving to Slide 8. Construction organic revenue was down 1% due to market softness in Australia-New Zealand, offset by a pretty good results in North America, which was up 2% with commercial construction up 5 and residential remodel up 3. Europe was stable up 1% and operating margin expanded 50 basis points due to enterprise initiatives. In specialty, organic revenue was down 6% versus a tough comparison of 4% percent, driven in large part by PLS and the performance of potential divestitures in this segment. PLS was almost a 1.5 of which two-thirds relates to a plant closure and the discontinuation of that product line. Organic growth in potential divestitures was lower in the quarter and reduced the overall organic growth rate for the segment by a little more than 2% points. The remaining core specialty was down about 2.5% against an apples-to-apples comparison of plus 8% in the second quarter last year. By geography, International was down 8%, and North America was down 5%. Operating margin declined due to negative volume leverage and higher restructuring. So let's move to Slide 9 for a summary of first half financial performance and how that sets us up for a stronger second half. As we've talked about before, we fully expect that the first half to be pretty challenging due to known headwinds and some tough comparisons versus prior year, including the fact that the first half last year was the most profitable first half ever in the history of the company as EPS increased 20%. As you can see EPS for the first half was 372, which included approximately $0.20 of year-over-year headwinds from both foreign currency translation impact and higher restructuring expense, both factors that will moderate in the second half. At this point, we have completed about 70% of our planned restructuring for the year and in current FX rates, the headwinds from currency begin to dissipate in Q3 and are essentially gone in Q4. As a result, the $0.20 year-over-year headwind in the first half is approximately $0.05 in the second half, so net positive of $0.15 from these two items alone. In addition, we have a number of tailwinds to EPS in the second half, starting with restructuring savings of about $0.05 from the first half projects that were accelerated. These are projects with typically less than one-year payback and other than the acquisition integration we talked about in our last call, they relate to our typical 80/20 front to back activities and are pretty well distributed across the segments. Furthermore, price cost dynamics are favorable, interest expense is lower as I mentioned earlier, and comparisons year-over-year get easier, and we have one extra shipping day in Q3. So overall, solid performance in the first half with a more challenging near-term environment, and importantly a better set up for the second half with organic growth at the enterprise level in line with the first half at current run rates, margin expansion year-over-year at the enterprise level and across the majority of our segments, strong cash flows and mid to high single-digit EPS growth year-over-year. In terms of the quarterly splits in the second half, we expect Q3 and Q4 to be fairly similar in terms of EPS. Q3 does have one more day but Q4 has favorability from lower restructuring expense and higher restructuring benefits, as well as no year-over-year currency headwind at current rates. Now let's talk about our updated 2019 guidance on Slide 10. As per usual process, we are updating full-year guidance to reflect current levels of demand. Run rates exiting Q2 adjusted for normal seasonality project the full-year organic revenue will be down 1% to 3%. This compares to our prior organic growth guidance of 0.5% to 2.5%. The reduction in organic growth rate from a midpoint of 1.5% to down 2% impact EPS by approximately $0.35. As a result, we now expect EPS to be in a range of $755 to $785 with the midpoint of $770 up slightly 1% versus $760 last year. Lower organic growth also translates to lower volume leverage, and as a result, we now expect that operating margin to be flat to up 50 basis points. As you saw, we're off to a strong start on cash flow in the first half and the full-year is expected to be strong with conversion well ahead of net income, and we expect to repurchase approximately $1.5 billion of our own shares for the full-year. Now a brief update on our portfolio management activities. Our divestiture activities are progressing well and we remain on-track to complete about half of our potential divestitures in 2019. Interest is strong and we expect to realize significant gains and cash proceeds upon divestiture, all of which is excluded from our guidance. As we have stated before, the positive impacts from the expected divestitures when completed by the end of 2020 include approximately 50 basis points of structural improvement to our overall organic growth rate and 100 basis points to operating margin. Not counting the gains on sale, we're planning for divestitures to be EPS neutral as any EPS dilution will be offset by incremental share repurchases, above and beyond the approximately $1.5 billion that I just mentioned. Before I hand it back over to Karen, let me just reiterate something that Scott said earlier. Given the strength of our core competitive advantages, the resilience of the ITW business model, our diversified high quality portfolio of businesses, and our team's ability to execute at a high level, we are well positioned to outperform across a wide range of economic scenarios. In terms of the near-term macro after only two months, it's too early to tell where near-term demand is headed, and so we're assuming current run rates will extend through the second half. And as we go forward, we'll continue to make the appropriate adjustments incorporating current market conditions and also remain focused on managing ITW and investing for the long term. So with that, Karen back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks Michael. So, I think I'll open up the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Just two questions from me. And first for Scott, so just picking up where we ended on the call, what is the complexion of the cycle. I clearly understand the point that it is very early, you and I both have been around the block a few times. Looking at what you're seeing in some of your leading indicator type businesses or just customer behavior, could you share a little bit of context of how this looks or feels relative to other slowdowns that you've seen? You know what may be looks like a point of worry or what looks like reason to have some level of confidence that this might just be a pause and what in otherwise is a very long extended cycle?
Scott Santi: Yes, I think that look across what we saw in the second quarter. It looks a lot more to me overall at some short-term tentativeness. I think Michael talked about the Welding business data is probably the most tangible data point where we saw a big deceleration in capital investment in the equipment side, but the filler metal business was up solidly mid-single digits in the quarter, which has that our customers are still Welding, the activity level is very high. And I think that's, if we look at the employment rate in the US, you look at a lot of, it's an environment where overall it looks much more like a short-term pause, some tentativeness certainly impacting capital investment decisions. You know it's certainly difficult for me to say after a couple of months that that is - it turns into something larger at this point, but we all know that it's a pretty uncertain environment right now, given all of the things going on from the standpoint of global trade issues and concerns and all that. So I think it's a couple of months, and it certainly was a meaningful data between Q1 and Q2 in terms of overall demand rates, but it is only a couple of months, and it certainly looks in terms of that data point in Welding and some other things like it is some, a bit of a pause, but I don't see anything that says this is the front end of, the end of the expansion cycle for sure.
Jeff Sprague: Now I was just wondering, Michael, if you could clarify the comments you gave us on headwinds and tailwinds as it relates to FX and restructuring saves and the like. I believe those were sequential comments. Can you just clarify that and maybe put that in context of what the year would be?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So that's the first-half headwinds from restructuring and from foreign exchange are $0.20 a share on a year-over-year basis. In the second half those same items, the headwind from that is only $0.05. So incrementally we get $0.15 year-over-year, better in the second half versus the first half. And that is as always assuming that foreign exchange rates stay where they are today.
Jeff Sprague: And that's just relative to the restructuring costs.
Jeff Sprague: Correct? And we've got benefits to think of.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that is, that's a good catch. That's just the cost side. We are getting an incremental $0.05 of benefits from the restructuring activities, the projects that were implemented in the first half of the year as part of this acceleration that we've talked about before. So there's another $0.05 there. You have, if you want to go down this price cost is turning, beginning to turn positive if things stay where they are. We also have lower interest expense. I said $0.07 annualized. So we'll get about half of that in the second half of the year. We obviously had easier comps year-over-year, even though the organic growth rate is the same at current run rates. First half-second half and then we have one extra day in Q3 that we've talked about a number of times. The straight math on that is that's worth about $0.03 to $0.04, so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Michael, we know usually use current run rates when forecasting organic sales going forward, which is to clarify, you do have easier comparisons. You mentioned the extra day in Q3. So is it really just you're being conservative around auto builds because your forecast for declines in the second half is similar to your forecast in the first half? So you've been conservative for auto builds and then everything else kind of stays the same as June basically is how you do it?
Michael Larsen: I wouldn't say we're being conservative. I think this is purely a mathematical calculation. We're taking existing run rate exiting Q2, projecting those into the back half of the year. And if you do that, we get to, if you do the math, our first-half was down 2% organic, we're saying the full year will be down two and therefore the second half will also be down two, but there is no subjective input to that calculation.
Scott Santi: Keep in mind, Q1 was flat. So we are basically projecting exit Q2 run rates, not first half.
Michael Larsen: That's right. These are Q2 run rate. Yes.
Scott Santi: Which is why you get to even year-on-year with the extra day.
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Andy Kaplowitz: And then if you look at the specialty products, you talked about that divestitures there. But maybe if could you give us a little more color, obviously the detrimental there, a little bit weaker than the other segments. I think in the past you've talked about some tariff related headwind on that business. So could you talk about sort of what you're seeing? Is it specific to your appliances there? What's going on in that business?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, similar to the other businesses, we did see a slowdown in demand, but really the bigger delta, which is down 6% is what I was trying to explain with the higher PLS, the divestitures in the core business being down 2.5. On the margin side, I mean the enterprise initiatives were good. The drag is really volume leverage and then higher restructuring and that's, those are the key drivers of the margin performance. There is really no real trends that we can point to inside of these businesses that we can tie back to some macro factor. It's really broad based, lower demand in those businesses with a lot of PLS. We're working on the divestitures and so that's kind of the story on specialty.
Andy Kaplowitz: But the step that Michael, you haven't seen with it with the 25% tariffs anymore impact on the margin side compliance or whatever. It's just, there is obviously uncertainty out there on the sales side, but no impact on the margin side, in that segment.
Michael Larsen: That's correct. I mean this latest round of this 3 going from 10 to 25 really had a material impact on the company overall we're talking pennies of EPS and well managed and really that goes back to were largely a produce where we sell company and that's also true for specialty products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: I'm just curious if you'd comment on price cost and by segment, what's your thoughts on how your ability to full pricing in an environment where demand is weakening and some of your input costs are probably declining particularly in 2020. Is there any segment in particular where we might see pressure on the business to give up pricing in the lower volume environment.
Michael Larsen: No, I mean we do have a number of divisions with index pricing. Of course, those will have to adjust to contracts. But there is really when we look across the board here price continues to improve in Q2 relative to Q1. On a dollar basis and that is true across the board. As you know, automotive is a little bit more challenging. Just given the way the contracts are structured, but across the board. We're really pleased with the price performance and we're entering into more of a normal pricing environment I say we've neutralized the cost impact including the modest tariff impact we just talked about and this issue for now as things there, they are essentially behind us and to be very specific, there is no actions to give price back really all we were trying to do is cover our material cost increases as those increases went through.
Ann Duignan: Okay, thank you, good color and…
Michael Larsen: We expect to have answered most of it going forward.
Ann Duignan: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe you could comment on what you're seeing out in the marketplace. I know you talked about maybe a pullback in capital spending, but it was interesting to see that you're automotive aftermarket business was flat and I would have top of that was tied to consumer discretionary spending, which has remained resilient versus maybe business CapEx. So maybe just talk about what you're seeing in that business in particular.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean there is not much automotive aftermarket has been a grower in the low single digits here and I think there were a couple of things, there is a small portion of their sales that is tied to overall automotive production. But beyond that, there is this business correlates more to miles driven than anything else and we didn't really see much of a, there will be changes in this segment in this, in this business in the quarter.
Ann Duignan: Okay, so no kind of the consumer slowing down I think what we can.
Michael Larsen: No, I think we. And the thing I would add that there is some within quarters in that business. There are some impacts from the launch of new programs or new product launches. So I think overall the demand there our view is pretty positive. Overall , in Q2, but we can certainly go back and take a look at whether there is a specific issue related to a prior year launch. But it's they got as much said the longer sort of full year trends there are up really solidly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: So my first question maybe just high level, and if we were to just go into a little bit more of a prolonged downturn, you guys historically have done a great job of taking costs out. I'm just wondering like how do you guys think about how much there is left within the organization to continue to take cost out. And then secondly, just from a strategy perspective, do you feel like you need to shift at all from really like that the focus on growth to really cost at this point of the cycle?
Scott Santi: Well, I think overall, we have a couple of things going for us. And when they're, when we're seeing some pressure in the marketplace. The first is that we have a very flexible cost structure. We've talked about that before, given our 80/20 operating model. And the historic performance that you referenced is really built around the fact that we have the ability to move up or down, capacity up or down. I won't call it easily, but I would say we have the ability relatively quickly to adjust our cost of the current environment. I think we showed that to some degree in Q2, and certainly we would expect that we will go through the back half of the year. So I would describe that is tactical. I would also describe our ability from a cash flow generation standpoint, and the margin profile that we've now got as a company that will allow us in a downturn to stay invested in the things that we think are really critical to the long-term growth and performance of the company. And that's a very different dynamic perhaps and we - from a overall position standpoint that we might have had in some of the prior downturn. So, I'm certainly very comfortable in our view is that we will make prudent tactical adjustments in the near-term and be able to both do that and stay invested in the things that we really think are the important things for us to be focused on and investing in from a long-term perspective.
Joe Ritchie: I guess and Scott, maybe just following on that question really just from the cost levers, like where do you think that there is still kind of opportunity within the organization? I know you guys have highlighted. You've simplified the organization. You've highlighted sourcing as an opportunity before. So, where do you see the opportunities today?
Scott Santi: Well, I think we've talked about before, we are - we would kind of certainly a ways to go from the standpoint of our enterprise initiatives. We've got 100 basis points this quarter. There is easily several more years of work there and opportunity there. It depends on your, we're talking about the next 2 or 3 years that certainly is a lever that we will continue to access. And as I said before, the other is that we will adjust our capacity very flexibly in the cost associated with supporting their capacity. So, I think we've got plenty of levers and it also depends on sort of the magnitude of the sort of environment in the ups and downs that we're dealing with here. So our, what we would do I think is our intent is to be very responsive to the environment as we see it in the short term while staying invested in the things that we think are really critical to the long-term performance of the company. And I don't know how to be more specific.
Joe Ritchie: Okay.
Scott Santi: Yes.
Joe Ritchie: No, that makes sense. If I could ask one question just quickly on growth. You guys, I like the slide that you had showing Q1 versus Q2. I'm just curious, it sounds like June certainly took a leg down to the extent that you guys can kind of quantify and I may have missed this earlier, just the order of magnitude that June was down that would be helpful.
Scott Santi: Yes, it's June was I mean we really started to see the decline in May and in June, mid-single-digit I would say in June year-over-year, and at the same time going into July here, we are starting to see things, certainly not get worse and stabilizing maybe from what we saw exit in Q2, which again supports our view that run rates are a good way to look at this on a go-forward basis. So, until we see something different.
Michael Larsen: Until we see something, yeah. So June was the, the more significant leg down, July looks like things are stabilizing as we sit here today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open. Steve Volkmann, your line is open. If you're on mute, please unmute your line. And we'll move along. Our next question comes from Joel Tiss from BMO.
Joel Tiss: I can't believe I made it. How is it going guys?
Scott Santi: Why do you say so?
Joel Tiss: Cheers. Two questions, just one, I know you said that it's a little bit too early to tell and I just wondered if the way you're characterizing sort of a little bit of amplification of slowdown in May and June and stabilizing in July, is there any way to tell and I know you guys are hand to mouth, but is there any way to tell if your customers demand was sort of impacted you know kind of like the amplified a little bit from inventory destocking or there is not really anyway to tell? You know what I mean so that the underlying markets is better than what the number show.
Scott Santi: I think we're a tough parameter for you and you know the fact that we deliver at the kind of level of responsiveness that we do means our customers have to carry relatively low amount of inventory. So to the extent there was any inventory adjustment, it's probably not a particularly material number for us.
Joel Tiss: But I meant for them, like your customer demand went down because their customers are reducing inventories. Okay, maybe will do...
Scott Santi: We can't tell.
Joel Tiss: Too much of attending? Okay. Can you give us a little bit of an update on your pivot to acquisitions and where we stand and what you're thinking and how your, how your team is building and how you're seeing with prices and all that? Thank you.
Scott Santi: Sure. I don't want to get carried away here, but we have certainly as we talked, going back to our last Investor Day, we have certainly begun the process of starting to explore. And we certainly are ready to, as we talked about begin to supplement the portfolio with nice high quality acquisitions. I would say we have made appropriate efforts in terms of communicating that update of our strategy to the appropriate people and have had pretty interesting change in terms of flow of ideas and opportunities. So, we are certainly looking at a number of things. The pipeline is sort of quickly rebuild. I don't want that in, in any way tip any or give anybody an indication that there's anything imminent there, but we're certainly starting to explore a range of potential opportunities, and we expect that over the next 12-months or so that we will generate some activity there. But it's all a function of quality fit and sort of afford let's call it affordability, doesn't, can we get, let's get and what we think it is the right value for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Top line question during the quarter and going back to the Investor Day, you talked about 6% of revenue and divestiture process last year to date It up to the Investor Day seeing of 4.6% drop. With the latest weakening, did that and did that pool of revenue associated with the divestitures, did that see a sharper decline than the overall ?
Michael Larsen: Yes, so , Andy these are rightfully characterized as long-term growth challenged and we're certainly seeing a performance in those businesses that are below the kind of core ITW.
Scott Santi: And that you talked about specifically specialty.
Michael Larsen: Specialty is a good example of that where we called it out.
Andy Casey: And then the gross margin was flat in the quarter year-over-year despite the revenue drop. I just wanted to, did any of the restructuring fall into gross profit?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think there is both the 80/20 activities and obviously the sourcing activities and so I think it goes back to what we talked about earlier, just the resilience of ITW with a 6% decline in revenue is half of which organic the other half currency, we're holding margins above 24% and we're holding gross margins. We generate more cash in terms of the conversion rate, and so I wouldn't say we were, that was not a big surprise to us that we were able to do that, that's kind of, that's how we run the rail on the railroad here, so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Hi, there. I don't know if I missed this, but when you're talking about the back half of the year, by the way I'm looking at Slide 4 right now at your price cost discussion there. What exactly is embedded in your guidance at this point for a price cost tailwind? And can you help us in Q3 versus Q4, is that kind of how your assumptions play out ?
Michael Larsen: Yes I think if you look at the trend of the bottom left of the slide, we would probably expect that trend to continue into the back half of the year if things stay the way they are, from a cost standpoint.
Mig Dobre: All right, but is there going to be like a 50 basis points tailwind, Is it 100 basis points? What's, what's the right magnitude?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think a more realistic view is that it begins to turn slightly positive in the second half here. And beyond that I can't really give you a number.
Mig Dobre: Well, I mean I figured that you would know since obviously this is one of the key elements in terms of the swing. The first half versus back half, and I get it, it's hard to forecast it perfectly but--
Michael Larsen: Let me just Mirc. Just because I don't answer your question specifically, doesn't mean I don't know the answer. I just want to be clear. So it's just a - we have never provided quarterly guidance on price cost and given the dynamic environment we're in and it's I would put it this way. Overall, it's not going to be a material driver to our performance in the back half, but it certainly contributes and relative to where we've been over the last three years, it's no longer a drag, which I think that's really the big story here. The price cost has been neutralized. In terms of price dollars, we are significantly ahead of the material cost side, including the tariffs we talked about. So hopefully that helps.
Mig Dobre: No, it does. Fair enough. If I had to try. Then let me, let me ask my follow-up on growth, right. I think everybody kind of understands what's going on with auto, but I was wondering, some numbers here, even if I take out auto. I think your organic growth was down something like 0.7% year to date. And I look at this and that almost feels like a recession type environment. So I guess I'm wondering from your perspective, when you're looking at the remaining businesses excluding auto, you know how much of this decline is generated, has been generated by businesses that you actually looking to exit per Andy's question from earlier versus what's going to stay, what's going to remain in the portfolio? And do you sort of feel like you've got kind of the right portfolio mix in the right geographical exposure at this point or do you need to make maybe some more significant adjustments down the line? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: I think in terms of the big, if you look at it by segment, automotive accounts for the vast majority of the decline in revenues year-over-year, I think that's well understood. We're kind of being hit by a number of things here, including and we've talked about semi and now this slowdown in Welding. So, I think it's a little bit about, little bit of an unusual time for us. Usually we have things kind of moving in different directions. But like I said auto is the majority. Then we have this unique situation in Specialty where the divestitures are underperforming. We're still doing a lot of product line simplification and then Welding took a step down here in Q2. So, yeah.
Scott Santi: And I'll answer the same question from a longer-term perspective, which is if you look at the margins we generate in every one of these seven businesses, what that tells me is we deliver a lot of value for our customers in those, in every one of those businesses. In every one of those businesses, we have significant share and penetration gain potential, and we expect, as we've said many times before and we are working on it by creating every one of those businesses to outgrow the underlying markets by 1% to 2% percentage points plus. Some have the potential to do be more, some less. But every one of them should outgrow their underlying market growth. And we are working through sort of lots of all things we've talked about before in our path to get there, but I have no doubt we will get there.
Mig Dobre: All right, thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Scott Santi: And supplement it with a couple of nice bolt-ons when we get there as well a year maybe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Just one, two follow-up questions. Just one on the Welding side. Could you just provide some color which markets were, end markets were hit hardest? And then I was impressed with the ability to hold the margins. I mean, they were down modestly over year but given the organic growth decline, I thought margins would have deteriorated more. So was there anything unusual in that number, and how do I think about margins for the year? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think on Welding, the decline was fairly broad-based. If you look at, so the equipment side down, for consumables flat and the filler metals is up 5, like we talked about. So that's certainly a positive. The industrial side of Welding in North America, it was down kind of in the mid-single digits, and was the biggest driver overall. The commercial side, as we've talked about before, did relatively better than that, and then the last data point oil and gas kind of was flat in the quarter, so.
Scott Santi: What I would add is in the equipment decline, industrial was certainly the bigger decline relative to the commercial end.
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Scott Santi: So manufacturing.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, it's really the industrial economy here is what we're seeing the softening demand. And because we are shorter cycle and Welding is one of these, receive the order today and ship tomorrow. We see it maybe faster than other companies that carry more of a backlog. You have to keep in mind that in Welding since we're on that topic, we carry less than two weeks backlog, because of the best-in-class service levels that we provide in that business. So, and then I think on margins, I'm not sure. Well, you were talking about Welding specifically, I mean I think certainly if margins at 28.8. If you take out the restructuring and Welding they were actually positive in the, in the quarter as well up year-over-year. There was about 60 basis points of restructuring in the quarter. And I think it's back to the resilience of the of ITW and given how we're organized, our teams on the ground when they see things slowing. They are able to react quickly and make appropriate adjustments and deliver. If you look at the decrementals for ITW in the quarter, we are in the mid 20's, which is given that we saw the slowdown late in the quarter, I think it's pretty really strong performance. And as we talked about earlier, we expect that to continue as we go into the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: You know that amount of 24.3 just to be precise. So it's pretty good. So, in that regard, you know, as we kind of went through the quarter. How satisfied are you that you're preserving the investment spending to get to kind of accelerate growth when the markets return to growth or are we sort of in the zone now where it's all about margin preservation and some of the investment spending kind of get the 3rd? I mean how do you think about that?
Scott Santi: We are, we talked about our contingency planning discussions that we had with each one of our segments and the first topic was the conversation around what are the things that we are going to absolutely stay fully invested in as we go through this a little bit of a, of a rough patch in terms of demand. And I'd sort of go back Nigel to what I said earlier is sitting here with mid-20's EBIT margins with a business that as we model it would have to shrink by a 3rd in some unprecedented economic depression for our margins to drop below 20% suggest to us or not suggest, it puts us in a position where we are absolutely able to ride the cycles, power our way through these cycles and stay invested for the long haul. So I am. There are, there are certainly tactical adjustments that can be made in terms of managing capacity appropriate in the short run rates around demand. Again, I talked about our flexible cost structure that helps us move up or down in debt from that standpoint as demand moves up and down. But from the standpoint of capacity to invest and desire to stay invest, we're not trying to be a hero based on decremental percentage. We're trying to build a company that over 5 and 10 year period can outperform based on the core strengths that we have in terms of the business model, the end market positions where in. And the things, I don't want to get too detailed on this, but the things we've talked about in terms of sales capability building in terms of new product innovation, all of those things are part and parcel of the conversations that we've had with each of our segments in terms of the things we are absolutely going to stay invested in as we write this out.
Nigel Coe: And then just a quick follow-up on kind of taken a different approach to the price cost question, looking at gross price and have you seen any pushback or increasing sort of investments and incentives in any of the businesses? And I'm thinking here about auto, it's obviously gone through a real rough patch. And how is pricing looking in that end markets? And Welding is another one where we've seen some chatter about deceleration in pricing maybe just address those two and perhaps overall as well.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think overall, this is a general statement with millions of products. But I think that all the work that we've done in the portfolio, we've talked about this before. We are in many, in the majority of our businesses, we are in spaces where we're doing something unique and value-added for our customers, which gives us some ability to price based on the value we deliver, not based on a commodity reference points. It's not to say that those, there aren't pressures in certain end markets as you talk about, but our responses to try to find a way to give the customer better value, not necessarily reduce the price that we're seeing or serving. So, we are doing things in auto every day to design products that help our customers to be more efficient in how they manufacture to give them better performance in terms of features and benefits. So, we're not certainly immune to the pressures at the moment as much as I would say we have from the standpoint of the differentiated nature of the product portfolio. We have multiple responses and ways that we can respond to that over time to again deliver value to our customers. We still get paid for the value that we deliver.
Michael Larsen: Right. And I'll just add Nigel one data point before, and it was a question earlier and if I didn't say clearly. Our year-over-year price, if you look at in dollar terms was higher in the second quarter than in the first quarter. So, if there is some nervousness around the ability to maintain price, hopefully that data point is helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Good morning, Michael, Scott and Karen. So the 55% of the ready to grow, growing, presumably have some model in there obviously. If you were to strip that out, how did that roughly speaking, how did that do in the second quarter? What's kind of the growth rate there for those businesses and sort of how are you thinking about them in the second half ?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think it's a good question, John. When we talked about this at Investor Day last year, I think we described it as a journey. And so what we were going to do is report on our progress on an annual basis. I can tell you we're certainly making progress in those businesses. We are having movement of businesses that were not ready to grow, not growing category that are moving up. Maybe the Service business in Food Equipment is a good example of that where we are now putting solid 3% to 4% organic growth on the board at, by the way really attractive margins as I'm sure you know.
Scott Santi: But I would also say that that list was chock-full of Welding businesses, so to Michael's point to try to calibrate this on a single quarter given the macro influences it's, this is a data point that we are certainly comfortable being accountable for in reporting out, but on an annual basis is a better way to reflect our progress in that regard.
John Inch: So it's fair to say though the choppiness, the CapEx deferrals et cetera that are going on, is that making it harder to do deals, meaning is the sort of the end-market demand choppiness and there's obviously project push outs not applicable per se to your company but it's affecting CapEx. Is that causing for a little bit of deal disruption in terms of the discussions you're having, or looking to begin to have?
Scott Santi: Not yet. And there is no prediction. Actually not yet. It hasn't really been a major focus but yeah it's been a couple of months.
John Inch: Just lastly. Michael, you said that even the guide doesn't assume a re-acceleration, but what if there is a deceleration obviously which I realize you can't forecast nobody really can but it holds to reason things sometimes move in trends, and Scott your, I take your comments obviously. I get it right, this is probably ultimately just some kind of pausing but if it's not, how should we think about sort of ITW's resilience or what kind of sensitivity is there if in fact there is further deceleration?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, I think if things decelerate from here we will give you an update in the third quarter. I think what you saw in terms of kind of the decrementals are a good way to think about how the company would, that we saw in the quarter a good way to think about how the performance might play out. There is one other data point in the materials today. You saw we adjusted our organic growth guidance down. Every point of organic growth is approximately $0.10 a share so and then you can and I think we're pretty transparent in terms of all the information that we provide, including at the segment level and then you can build your own models and those decrementals by the way are fairly similar across all of our segments. So hopefully that helps you model the sensitivities around, around the top line.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Karen Fletcher for closing remarks.
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thanks Sheryl, and thanks everybody for joining us this morning. And if you have any follow-up questions, I'm happy to take them offline. Thank you .
Operator: And thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for joining ITW's 2019 First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's First Quarter 2019 Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi, along with Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss first quarter financial results and provide an update on our 2019 full year outlook. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the remainder of the year as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2018 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. So let's turn to Slide 3 and I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a solid start to the year, and the first quarter played out about as expected with EPS of $1.81, coming in modestly above the midpoint of our guidance. The ITW team continued to execute well on the things within our control, delivering 100 basis points of benefits from Enterprise Initiatives and an operating margin of 24.3%, excluding 70 basis points of margin impact due to accelerated restructuring investments.  We delivered 27.7% after-tax return on invested capital and a 21% increase in free cash flow. Sales started out a little slow across the board in January before picking up the pace in February and March. Organic revenue was down 1.5% or flat excluding the impact of one less shipping day in the quarter. Our auto OEM sales declined 6% as auto production in North America, Europe and China was down a combined 8%. That being said, we are seeing some signs of stabilization in Europe and China auto markets and expect to see some modest improvement in the back half of the year. The 6% decline in auto OEM revenues reduced our Q1 organic growth rate by 1.5% at the enterprise level. One less shipping day was another 1.5% and PLS was 70 basis points as expected.  As we discussed on the last call, we had a pretty heavy restructuring agenda in Q1 as we accelerated our 2019 plans into the first quarter, a significant portion of which was directed at our auto OEM business in Europe in order to adjust our costs to current demand levels. As we also discussed on our January call, we knew that the first quarter and, in fact, the first half had some challenges in terms of year-on-year comparisons: the currency translation, accelerated restructuring, a slightly higher tax rate, one less shipping day, tougher organic growth comps and auto production declines in Europe and China. And that these challenges would dissipate and the operating environment would be much more favorable in the back half of the year. Coming out of Q1, things are playing out largely as we anticipated. We are executing well on our long-term enterprise strategy and on our 2019 operating plan. And as a result, we remain firmly on track to deliver on our full year EPS and margin improvement guidance. I'll now turn the call over to Michael who will provide you with some additional detail on our Q1 performance and our outlook for the balance of the year. Over to you, Michael.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. GAAP EPS of $1.81 came in above our guidance midpoint of $1.78. As expected, year-over-year EPS headwinds included $0.07 of foreign currency impact, $0.06 of higher restructuring costs and $0.03 of higher tax rate, which combined for $0.16 unfavorable EPS impact in the quarter. Excluding these headwinds, Q1 EPS would have been $1.97, an increase of 4% over last year. It is important to note that we expect these specific headwinds to significantly moderate as the year progresses. More on that later in my remarks. In addition, as we mentioned on the last call, Q1 also had 1 less shipping day, which was approximately $0.03 to $0.04 unfavorable impact to EPS and 1.5 percentage point reduction to organic growth. As a reminder, we get that shipping day back in Q3. Organic revenue for the quarter was down 1.5%, below our guidance due to the slower start in January and flat on an equal day basis. Sales trends improved in February and March as March organic revenue was up 2% year-over-year on an equal day basis. In line with our expectations, PLS impact related to 80/20 activities was 70 basis points this quarter. Operating margin of 23.6% improved 20 basis points, excluding 70 basis points of accelerated restructuring impact. Once again, strong execution on Enterprise Initiatives contributed 100 basis points. Another bright spot was stronger pricing and moderating raw material inflation, which resulted in better-than-expected price/cost margin impact in Q1. Cash flow performance was also a highlight as free cash flow increased 21% with a conversion rate of 90%, which is seasonally strong for the first quarter. Return on invested capital was 27.7% and finally, we repurchased $375 million of our shares as planned. As Scott said, the ITW team executed really well on the things within our control and other than the slow start in January, this was a pretty solid quarter for ITW.  Moving to Slide 4 for some detail on operating margin. Overall, 23.6% operating margin in Q1 as I mentioned. And on the bottom left of the slide, we laid out the positive price/cost trends that I just referenced. Strong pricing across all segments more than offset moderating raw material costs on a dollar basis, resulting in improving price/cost dynamics in Q1 and going forward. On the right side, Enterprise Initiatives continue to be our most significant and most consistent contributor to margin performance. Our 80/20 initiatives and Strategic Sourcing efforts combined for 100 basis points of margin improvement. And that impact is broad-based. In the quarter, Enterprise Initiatives benefits ranged from 70 to 130 basis points across each of our seven segments.  This quarter, revenues were down, resulting in 30 basis points of negative volume leverage, only 10 basis points of margin dilution from price/cost, which was our best performance since the fourth quarter 2016 and 40 basis points of other, which is primarily related to employee costs, specifically our typical annual salary and wage increases. Going forward, we expect to return to our normal run rate of 10 to 30 basis points for this line item in the remaining quarters of 2019. This brings us to net 20 basis points of margin expansion before adding the impact of 70 basis points from restructuring, which considering the negative volume impact this quarter, is pretty solid performance. Even with the higher restructuring, operating margin was strong at 23.6% and the good news is that we have significantly more runway for improvement as the year progresses and over the next few years as we shared at our Investor Day in December. Please turn to Slide 5 for details on segment performance. The table on the left summarizes organic growth both as reported and normalized on an equal days basis. As you can see, six segments had flat to positive organic revenue growth on a worldwide basis despite the slower start to the year, with automotive OEM the only segment that declined due to the decline in automotive production this quarter. On a geographic basis, North America organic revenue was up 1% while international was down 1%. For the year, we're expecting low single-digit growth in all major regions based on current run rates and our risk-adjusted view of auto build forecasts. On that point, IHS forecasts combined auto build growth for North America, Europe and China to be plus 4% in the second half. Our risk-adjusted view puts those combined builds flat for the second half, 4 points lower, which is the scenario embedded in our annual guidance. More on that a little later in my remarks. This brings us to the right side of the slide on Automotive OEM segment results. Overall, organic revenue was down 6%. IHS data for Q1 build rates in North America, Europe and China combined saw the decline of 8% in the quarter in what remains a pretty dynamic industry environment. That said, there's some optimism in the industry and amongst our teams on the ground that builds would bottom out in the first half. Again, looking at North America, Europe and China combined, IHS projects auto production to be down 6% in the first half, followed by 4% growth in the second half. And as I just mentioned, our current guidance reflects an assumption of only 1 -- flat growth in auto production, no growth in auto production in the back half of the year. Our North American business was down 6% with Detroit 3 production down significantly. As expected, in the quarter, builds were also down in Europe and China. In Europe, the implementation of the WLTP emissions testing procedures last year continues to cause some auto production disruption although this situation seems to be normalizing. And in China, auto retail sales were down double digits in the quarter. Automotive operating margin declined 350 basis points this quarter. As planned, restructuring related to our adjusting cost structure in Europe and EF&C acquisition integration reduced margins by 190 basis points. Despite the fact that we're beginning to trend positive on price in this segment and actually getting positive price in the first quarter, price/cost reduced margins by 110 basis points. Just stepping back for a minute from some of these near-term challenges in the auto market. Our new program wins remain strong as does our new product pipeline. Our annual new program win targets equate to 2% to 3% of above-market organic growth, and we have met or exceeded those targets for each of the last three years and expect to do so again in 2019. Overall, we have a strong and focused business operating in a well-defined, highly value-added niche in the auto market. And we deliver a ton of value to our customers in serving that niche as reflected in both our level of profitability and in our organic growth rate over the last five years. As you all know, this is an industry that's going through significant change, and in our view, the trends and changes that will play out in the auto industry over the next decade or so only add to the significant future profitable growth potential that ITW has in this space. There's no question that we're in a challenging point in time with regard to the auto market, and we are taking the appropriate steps to adjust our cost structure accordingly.  In fact, we're performing quite well in the current auto downcycle as reflected in our ability to maintain auto OEM segment operating margins well above 28% despite a meaningful year-over-year revenue decline over the past two quarters. We will continue to manage our way through these near-term demand challenges, but our primary focus remains on acting and investing to position ITW to take full advantage of the significant long-term profitable growth potential that we have ahead of us in our niche of the auto market. Moving on to Slide 6. Food Equipment organic growth was up 3% on an equal days basis, which follows the best quarter in four years. You will recall that Q4 organic growth was up 5%. In North America, organic growth was 2% with equipment flat and service up a strong 4%. Growth in independent restaurants and QSR was solid, partially offset by a decline in institutional, where we had a tough comp of 10% growth in the prior year quarter. Food retail was a bright spot, up double digit and we're encouraged to see a sequential recovery taking shape there. Overall, current run rates, coupled with new product introductions, support our view that sales trends will improve from here as the year progresses. With respect to international markets, Europe grew mid-single digits, primarily on strong performance in our ware wash division. Operating margin was almost 25% with Enterprise Initiatives and volume leverage offsetting the impact from restructuring activity in this segment. Test & Measurement and Electronics had a solid quarter with organic revenue up 1% on an equal days basis against a tough comp of 8% organic growth in the prior year. As expected, Test & Measurement was down 2% on lower sales to semiconductor equipment manufacturers. Excluding semiconductor, Test & Measurement was up 5%. Electronics was up 1% with strong sales in equipment assembly and contamination control, partially offset by a decline in electronic components where we had a 9% growth comp last year. Operating margin expanded 70 basis points to 24.1% with Enterprise Initiative benefits, the main driver. On to Slide 7. Welding had a solid quarter despite the fact that organic growth was off to a slow start in January, in part as our main operations in Wisconsin was shut down for two days due to weather. Welding ended up 5% on an equal day basis against a tough comp of 8% last year. As you can see on this slide, organic growth was fairly consistent across-the-board with equipment and consumables both up in the 3% to 4% range. North America industrial was up 3% against a comp last year of 15% and Commercial was up 5%. International growth was particularly strong in China, up more than 20% while Oil & Gas was essentially flat. Based on current run rates, we continue to expect organic growth of 3% to 6% this year against a tough 2018 comp of 10%. Operating margin was 28.1%, up 40 basis points in the quarter. Polymers & Fluids organic growth was up 1% on an equal days basis. As we talked about on the last call, we expected auto aftermarket to be down following strong 7% growth in the fourth quarter driven by new product launch. Polymers was up 2% while Fluids was up 1% and operating margin expanded 40 basis points in this segment as well. Turning to Slide 8. Construction organic revenue was flat on an equal days basis. North America was down 3% due primarily to a tough comp with Q1 last year, up 7%. Residential remodel sales were essentially flat while new construction was impacted by softness in U.S. housing starts. Commercial construction was down 4%. Recent sales trends support our view here that we expect sales to improve going forward as comparisons ease and new products are introduced. Europe grew a strong 5% with robust demand across-the-board. Australia and New Zealand sales were down 6% similar to the fourth quarter with some continued softness in the economy. Specialty organic growth was flat on an equal days basis with solid organic growth of 6% in the equipment businesses offset by softness and consumables. Specifically, a few division internationally including graphics and appliances. Overall, international is down 6% and North America grew 2%. Operating margin was essentially flat at 26.5%. Moving on to Slide 9 and an update on 2019 guidance. As you saw this morning, we are reiterating our full year EPS guidance range of $7.90 to $8.20, which represents 4% to 8% growth year-over-year. We now expect organic growth in the range of 0.5% to 2.5%, given the slow start in January. Our guidance is based on current demand run rates and a risk-adjusted second half forecast for auto builds as we talked about. This compares to prior guidance for organic growth of 1% to 3%. And other than the slow start to the year, our outlook for organic growth through the rest of the year is essentially unchanged. As we talked about on the last call, we fully expected going into 2019 that the first half of the year was going to be more challenging for a number of specific reasons as many of these challenges would dissipate such as the operating environment will be more favorable in the back half of the year. As Scott mentioned, this dynamic is pretty much as expected, and our current view of the year is pretty much in line with the organic revenue guidance ranges by segment and the EPS bridge that we provided on our last call. Because the first half of 2019 will be a little more challenging than what is typical for us in terms of year-over-year comparisons, I'll spend a minute describing how we expect some of these challenges to play out as the year progresses.  On Slide 3, we sized the EPS impact in Q1 from foreign currency translation impact, restructuring costs and tax rate for a total of $0.16 year-over-year. For Q2, we expect currency impact at current rates of about $0.06 and higher restructuring activity of about $0.03 for a total of $0.09 in Q2, which adds up to about $0.25 per share for the first half of 2019. These 3 items are still headwinds year-over-year in the second half but only to the tune of $0.05 to $0.10. In other words, we expect to see an improvement to second half EPS of $0.15 to $0.20 versus the first half on currency, restructuring and tax.  Now let's talk about organic growth. First, in terms of sales comparisons year-over-year, we have one more challenging organic growth comparison ahead of us in Q2 and then comps get significantly easier in the second half. Second, there's one extra shipping day in the third quarter, which as I mentioned, adds 1.5 percentage points to our Q3 organic growth rate. Third, auto builds for the combined regions, North America, Europe and China, are expected to improve significantly in the second half. As I mentioned earlier, IHS forecasts builds in these combined regions will be up 4% and our guidance has risk-adjusted this down to builds being flat. Therefore, based on current run rates, easier comps, the extra shipping day and our risk-adjusted view of auto builds, we expect organic growth in the second half will be in the range of 3% to 4%.  Finally, on the margin side, we talked about much improved price/cost dynamics with stronger pricing and more favorable raw material costs. At this point, price/cost margin impact is essentially neutral, and on a dollar basis, price remains significantly higher than the raw material costs. In addition, we expect that restructuring benefits related to the projects that we accelerated into the first half will start to give benefits in the second half of the year. The average payback on the projects that we approved in the first half are less than a year, and the savings projected for the second half on these projects are expected to be in the $25 million to $30 million range. The most significant and consistent driver of margin improvement remains the Enterprise Initiatives where we have clear line of sights to projects and activities that support at least 100 basis points of improvement every quarter going forward and for the full year. And as I said earlier, we're off to a strong start in free cash flow and expect conversion above 100% of net income for the year. And as you know, we've allocated $1.5 billion to share repurchases in 2019. Before I wrap up my prepared comments, just a few words on our portfolio management activities. Overall, we're on track to complete some of [indiscernible] of our planned divestitures in 2019, pending Board approval. Given the quality of these ITW businesses, we're seeing solid interest and attractive valuations. As we complete the project schedule for 2019, they will trigger some pretty significant gains on sale and cash proceeds, all of which are excluded from our current guidance. As we have stated before, the divestiture of these long-term growth challenge divisions, when completed by the end of 2020, are expected to be accretive, favorable to our overall organic growth rate and margins in the tune of 0.5 point of organic growth and 100 basis points of margin expansion. And as a reminder, we're committing to making sure that these divestitures are EPS-neutral, and we plan to offset any EPS dilution with incremental share repurchases above the $1.5 billion in our plan today. In summary, as we have for the past 6-plus years, we delivered on our quality commitments despite some near-term challenges that we continue to expect will dissipate in the back half of the year. Overall, we're set up for a stronger second half in terms of delivering solid organic growth with best-in-class margins and returns, accelerating earnings growth and strong free cash flows. With that, Karen, back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Michael. We're going to open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Cheryl, back to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Scott or Mike, I think you mentioned international being down 1%. What was Europe specifically? In last quarter, you mentioned basically you're just seeing some isolated weakness in Europe mostly in auto. Is that still what you're seeing in Europe and what do you expect for the year there?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, in Europe, the biggest -- so Europe overall was down 2%. As you point out, the biggest decline by far was the automotive OEM business. If you take that out, we're actually positive in Europe. We're seeing some pretty good performance. I mentioned Construction Products, up 5%; Food Equipment, up 4% and like I said, the biggest delta was really the automotive business.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe just stepping back. I mean, we like to follow your CapEx-driven businesses like Test & Measurement, ex-Semicon and Welding, they do seem to be hanging there well and you mentioned some improvement in March sales. Did these businesses generally just sort of do well throughout the quarter? Do you have good visibility you think still in the sort of core Test & Measurement and Welding businesses as you move forward?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, I think we saw pretty consistently across-the-board a slower start to the year as we talked about in January. But from there on, Welding, Test & Measurement, Food Equipment really improved in February and March and are on track to deliver on the organic growth guidance that we provided on the last call. So Food Equipment, up 3% to 5% for the year; Test & Measurement, tough comp, up 1% to 3%; and Semicon is a 2-percentage-point drag. As you know, we risk-adjusted our Semicon exposure and hopefully we have a pretty conservative view for Test & Measurement. Welding, up 10% last year. We expect to be up 3% to 6% this year. So the CapEx businesses, as you pointed out, are performing well. I'd add maybe to that from a pricing standpoint, that's also the case.
Scott Santi: I think the only thing I would add is they are -- to your visibility question, Andy, these are book-and-ship businesses, so these are not long lead time businesses. So we are certainly seeing pretty steady performance right now. But these are not businesses where we have long lead times associated with them. So conditions on the ground right now seems to be up hanging in there pretty well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: [Technical Difficulty]. First half versus second half? And I know that in the Q, we'll get more information around price/cost. But...
Scott Santi: Joe, we were cut off, I think, from the starting part of your question. Can you back up from the beginning, please?
Joseph Ritchie: Yes, sure. Sure, no problem. I'll start by again saying good morning. And so -- and so I said that Michael had provided some really good color on the first half, second half. And I was getting to my question which was really around price/cost and I know that this will come in the Q. But maybe if you could just provide a little bit more color around where you're seeing price/cost, what you saw in the segments this quarter and then how you see that progressing? Are there certain segments that are going to be better than others as we progress through 2019?
Michael Larsen: I'd say across-the-board, Joe, we saw positive price in all segments, including, for the first time in a while, in the automotive business. So pricing was slightly ahead of our expectations for Q1. And similarly on the cost side, we talked about last year moderating raw material costs. That certainly played out in Q1. And so last year, if you recall, total price/cost was 50 basis points of margin impact even though we're certainly positive on a dollar basis. We just did 10 basis points here of negative margin impact in Q1. And these cost dynamic -- price/cost dynamics are trending positive for the balance of the year.  In terms of by segment, I would just point out, I mean, auto, as you know, even though positive on price, it can be a little challenging. It takes a little longer as we talked about before to get price there. But really, all the other segments across the board really strong pricing performance.
Scott Santi: And maybe the other color I would add is essentially what the environment we are seeing across the board is moderating raw material cost inflation and the impact of prior price moves ultimately continue to play out in terms of the year-over-year comps. So there's always a lag between the costs and the pricing response. And so it's -- given the things continue to stay stable from input cost standpoint, we are picking up some added benefit on the price side. And that's what I think what we saw in Q1 and sitting here to-date, what we would expect to see through the balance of the year.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just two real quick clarifications. Michael, you talked about flat auto builds as your assumption in the second half of the year. Is there still an outgrowth assumption embedded in your forecast? And then the second quick question clarification was really around corporate. That number was lower than we expected this quarter. How should we think about that than for the rest of the year?
Michael Larsen: Can you just repeat the second part, Joe?
Joseph Ritchie: Yes, the second one was around was...
Michael Larsen: The second question.
Joseph Ritchie: Yes, the corporate number was lower than we expected this quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think that's a pretty good -- I would take -- on the corporate side, our corporate costs are pretty much flat year-over-year on an annual basis. It can move around a little bit on a quarterly basis, but I would probably model last year. For the auto question, yes, there is -- for the full year, we're expecting, as we talked about, 2 to 3 percentage points of auto outgrowth, maybe at the lower end of that range here for the second half, just again trying to be a little bit more conservative in a pretty dynamic environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: So Michael, lots of discussion around sort of first half, second half but I noticed you guys didn't provide sort of a specific guide on the second quarter. And the streets got you sort of flattish, I guess, for the next three quarters. And I guess I just wanted to make sure there wasn't a little more detail you wanted to provide around that.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think Q2 will look, in terms of organic growth, pretty similar to what we just reported for Q1. I think we do have the shipping day issue goes away in Q2 but this -- the first half is going to be, as we expected, pretty challenging. And so I guess that's the color that I will provide on Q2 and the first half.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, fair enough. And then just a quick follow-up on Test & Measurement. Looks like semiconductor was really sort of what dragged that down. What are you hearing or seeing relative to semiconductor as we go forward?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So really no change to our view. We have, just as a reminder, about $200 million of Semicon exposure. The assumptions that we built into the plan this year was that to -- for that to be down double digits and we've not changed that view. But like you, we've certainly heard some of the more positive commentary from industry experts and customers as it relates to the back half of the year, but we have not adjusted anything in our guidance for Semicon. And so like I said, hopefully, that, that will turn out just like auto to be a fairly conservative view.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook, Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: I guess two questions. The comments that you made about things improving in March, you feel like that's consistent with what we've heard from other industrial companies. Can you just speak to what geographies or segments sort of that was most pronounced in, I guess, is what I would say?  And then just my second question on the guide, I know you're taking organic growth down a little and you talked about the shipping days, your EPS -- but your margin expansion of 100 bps is still the same. Just on the like low organic growth, what's -- how do we still get the same margin improvement on sort of somewhat low organic growth would change quarter-to-quarter?
Michael Larsen: Yes, Jamie, you can do the math yourself and 0.5 point of organic growth in terms of EPS impact is in that mid- to high single-digit EPS impact, and the biggest driver kind of working the other way is the price/cost dynamic that we talked about. It really offsets that plus a couple of other puts and takes. But then it's really improved -- improving price/cost dynamics is why we are holding EPS guidance for the full year despite the lower organic growth. And then to your first question, this February, March dynamic vibe, that was pretty broad-based all segments. And if you look at the major geographies, we really saw the same dynamics in terms of a slower start to the year and then sequential improvements in February and March above our typical seasonality. So that's certainly encouraging and that's how it played out in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Just a couple for me. First, just on the trajectory into Q2. Given that it sounds like you exited March a bit better and we're not going to be talking about government shutdown or weather and everything else that was rolling on, why wouldn't you expect some acceleration in the organic growth rate in the second quarter relative to what you printed here today?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think, Jeff, it's -- the comp is a little bit tougher. I believe we were up 4% in Q2 last year and so certainly, your points are valid. It's just the comp is a little bit more difficult in Q2.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just to clarify on the restructuring, Michael. The $0.09 in the first half, that's just the gross cost of the restructuring or is there some net benefit from the actions already kind of showing up in that number?
Michael Larsen: That's just the gross number. And that is -- it is the increase year-over-year in restructuring costs. And so I think we -- year-over-year, $0.10 is the higher restructuring cost, and of that, $0.09 are really in the first half of the year.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay, got it. And then just on back to price/cost. Are you able to continue to push price higher now in this environment or this is more about kind of analyzing the steps you've made and trying to kind of hold onto it maybe as costs start to slip the other way?
Michael Larsen: Yes, this is -- I think the big effort was around offsetting raw material costs, including tariff impact and we've essentially done that at this point and we're entering into a more normal pricing environment on a go-forward basis. Certainly, we benefit from the fact, as Scott said, that there was a lag last year. We've kind of -- we've neutralized that and we are trending in a more positive direction. But we also don't expect, to answer your question, that there was going to be price reductions. We will be able to hold on to what we have implemented so far, and we're just benefiting here in the near term from the raw material costs being a little bit better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss from BMO.
Joel Tiss: I wonder if, can you just -- I don't know if you mentioned this or not but the PLS for the year, I know you're jamming a lot into the first half. Is it going to be pretty much done? Or are there more things that you can pull out in the second half if you need to?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, it's really not a number that we manage at the -- it's sort of...
Scott Santi: Certainly, manage over the time.
Michael Larsen: It's more an outcome of the hundreds of activities and projects going on across the company. And so it was 70 basis points in the first quarter and our view for the year has not changed at 80 basis points.
Joel Tiss: Okay. And is it too early to frame for us the kind of earnings dilution you might get from divesting those seven underperforming businesses?
Michael Larsen: Well, we're not going to get the -- I mean, we are going to get some -- these businesses are profitable businesses. And so there are some earnings going away, but we'll more than -- the plan is to make that neutral by offsetting any earnings dilution by incremental share repurchases above the $1.5 billion that is in the plan.
Scott Santi: $1.5 billion.
Michael Larsen: $1.5 billion. Did I say $1.5 million? $1.5 billion that's in the plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo.
Andrew Casey: Just wanted to -- the cadence that you talked about, the slow January getting better through March and you mentioned it was pretty broad-based geographically. Could you -- and Jeff kind of touched on some of this in his question. Can you kind of talk about what you were hearing for the reasons behind that in the U.S. and then also for international markets?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, Jeff mentioned a few of them. I mean, I think it's difficult to quantify things like weather, for example. But we do know that our operations in Wisconsin in our Welding business were closed down for two days and you can -- that's certainly had an impact. But beyond that, it's really difficult too.
Scott Santi: I would say there's sort of obvious promise it would have been if this was -- would have been isolated to North America or U.S., it was weather and the government shutdown. The fact that it was pretty consistent in our international business was certainly surprising. And to be honest with you, I don't think we've heard any great answers or theories necessarily other than it was certainly there as a factor seems to have moderated as we move through the quarter. But it was a really -- it's called an interesting early part of the quarter this year.
Andrew Casey: And then for auto, the EF&C acquisition integration, it seemed to accelerate a little bit from what you can see in the fourth quarter. Is that a correct read and how do you long do you expect that to persist as a headwind to margins?
Michael Larsen: I would -- these were -- these were planned activities just as we put together the acquisition integration plans. I think if anything, they were planned for this year and we moved them forward by a couple of quarters. But those were activities that were planned all along.
Scott Santi: We're pretty focused in Europe, so some of the acceleration is -- although as Michael said, they were planned, some of the acceleration is really around in response to the dip in production rates in Europe. And in addition to that, some other restructuring in our core auto businesses in Europe. But the normal integration process, Andy, is typically 3 to 5 years, so these are essentially normal going forward with EF&C. And so certainly would expect that slowdown in another year or so in terms of specific restructuring around EF&C.
Andrew Casey: Just a follow-up on that. Should we pretty much expect the sort of a headwind through this year or should it dissipate as the year goes along?
Michael Larsen: The bulk of the restructuring -- 75% of our restructuring this year will be done in the first half of the year. So there's going to be a benefit when you look at the second half relative to the first half when we get to the second of the year.
Scott Santi: In terms of less year-to-year headwind and also in terms of benefits from the investment...
Michael Larsen: Right, there's two dynamics here. That's a good point. I mean, there's lower restructuring costs in the second half of the year and you're starting to see the benefits from the projects that we are executing right now and that we've approved for the first half of the year and quantified that at $25 million to $30 million. So $0.05 to $0.06 a share of benefit here in the second half relative to the first half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird.
Mircea Dobre: My question is on Food Equipment starting there. So frankly, this was a little bit slower than what I anticipated in terms of your organic growth in the quarter. And I'm wondering if you can provide a little more color here. I understand you mentioned a tough comp in institutional but at least looking back through the data that I've got, it looked to me like from an overall segment perspective, Q1 was really your easiest comp in Food Equipment. And I guess what I'm wondering here, as the comparisons gets tougher as the year progresses, how do you think about growth here and what's happening in front?
Michael Larsen: It's tough to hear what you were saying, Mig. But I'll do my -- the volume was a little low. But I think Food Equipment, similar to the other segments we talked about, a little bit of a slower start but then picked up good momentum in February and March up 3% equal days after up 5% in Q4. I think in North America, what's encouraging is the restaurant side, and QSR was growing in the mid- to high single digits. Food retail was up significantly year-over-year, which is the grocery stores. And then the challenge was really some comps on the institutional side. And so those are -- those can be bigger projects that move around, were up 10% on the institutional side last year.  And so like we said, with current run rates, we've got some new products coming in, anecdotally, quoting activity, backlog, order activity all points to a pretty solid year here with 3% to 5% growth. And like I said, new products, retail is improving, Europe's pretty strong and looking good for the rest of the year. So we're pretty confident with our...
Scott Santi: And the service business growing by the best quote, that is growing 4% to 5%.
Michael Larsen: Yes, service up 4%, it was certainly encouraging. So we're on track here, Mig. It would be our current view.
Mircea Dobre: Okay, okay. I appreciate that. Then switching to Welding. So you mentioned a couple of missed shipping days in Q1. I'm presuming this is, I don't know, as much as 300 basis points worth of growth to that segment. When do you expect to make those up? Is that lost business? Or do you just make it up in subsequent quarters? And of course, comps are getting tougher here as well, especially on a two year stacked basis. Do you think there's enough momentum in this market to allow you to really hit kind of this 3% to 6% guidance?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, the short answer is yes, we do. We are on track for 3% to 6% organic growth. It's really hard to quantify, of the two days the operation were closed down, how much did we get back in Q1, how much we're going to get back in Q2. I think when we look at -- broad-based, this is still pretty solid. If you look at the equipment up 3%, consumables up 4%, industrial business was up 3% against the tough comp, Commercial was up 5%, national is really good. China up 20%, we don't talk much about that and then Oil & Gas slowed a little bit. But I think some of that, you can maybe point to the rental business specifically and weather, if you want to. But we feel good about the outlook also in Welding for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: My questions have been answered, but maybe a little bit more of a deep dive into Construction Products, both U.S. and international, just some commentary on what you're seeing in those markets.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think I sound like a broken record here, but this was a little bit of a slower start. North America was down, which is not typical. We did have a tough comp last year. The residential remodel side is still pretty solid, I think into the big box, kind of retail channel very good. Commercial was down 4%. That can move around a little bit and has kind of been flattish over the years. I'd say we certainly saw a pickup here in February, March, which is encouraging. We got some new products coming in our cordless technology that's going to get rolled out this year across all geographies. Europe really good, up 5%. And then Australia and New Zealand, as expected, down 6%, just like we did last year in the fourth quarter. And I think there, that's really more of a macro economy than anything else. So...
Ann Duignan: Okay. And maybe some commentary on North America resi, we're seeing a slowdown in housing. Are you seeing any reacceleration and any color there on the housing side?
Michael Larsen: There was a little bit of that in Q1. It's -- residential remodel overall was flat. The remodel side is positive, new housing -- new residential is a little slower. But I don't think there's a big macro commentary hear from us. I think we feel pretty good looking into Q2 and the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: So I know a lot of the questions have already been asked here. But -- and apologize if I missed this one around inventory destocking. We heard from 3M last hour that they saw a pretty good amount of destocking in auto, which I would imagine most of your exposure is more just-in-time. But just trying to get a sense for across the portfolio, anything you saw on a 4Q pre-buy or a 1Q destock that might not make 1Q look quite as slow as what it appears on the page?
Scott Santi: I would say in the auto space certainly, as production drops, there is a bit of a compounding effect in terms of inventory at the tiers and even at the OEMs, so -- right? I know that I would call it sort of intentional destocking other than what I would describe it as, from our perspective, it would be just normalizing inventory levels based on lower production rates. But certainly, it's got some compounding effect beyond just the drop in actual end product production. So certainly, in auto, when you talk about declines in the high single digits, some of that was a factor, there's no doubt, in our organic sales in Q1 as well. Beyond that, I'm not aware of any pre-buy or any significant other actions in any of our other segments related to that.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. And do you have any kind of above-normal price increase on Jan 1 that might have supported that even if it wasn't obvious to see that people would've looked at? Or is the pricing calendar was a little different?
Scott Santi: From a pricing standpoint, we certainly had price increases in across our 87 divisions, there are certainly pricing actions that were -- that took place in Q4 and in early Q1. I can't say that any of it was so concentrated on January 1 that it wouldn't have had a big impact if were caused a, let's call it, a material pre-buy at the enterprise level anywhere. But at the division level, I'm sure there's was some puts and takes related to that.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I would just add to that, I mean, the pricing activities have really been going on across the company for the last 6 to 9 months as we've worked to offset the raw material cost inflation. And so I would agree with Scott, we don't think anything unusual here, January 1.
Operator: And our next question comes from Walt Liptak from Seaport.
Walter Liptak: Just a couple of follow-ups that I can go through real quick. One, just to clarify, which segments are getting the restructuring?
Michael Larsen: So if you look at the first half spend here, close to half of it is directed at auto automotive segment that we talked about. And the balance is really our typical kind of 80/20 front-to-back activities and it's pretty well suited across the segments. I think if you do the math, Construction, Specialty Products, Food Equipment, kind of in that order would be -- but it's pretty broad-based.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. And then the divestiture, I may have missed this but the timing of it is in the second quarter that we should expect those?
Michael Larsen: So I think I more second half would be a realistic view. I think there's quite a bit of work that goes into getting these divestitures done. And so I think we expect second half of the year would expect the first ones to come through.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: You guys have done a very good job of being able to maintain your EPS despite the organic challenges in recent quarters or years. So I'm just curious if you stress tested that ability. I mean, we can do our own math on buybacks, but it seems like you may have called out some pricing strategies here. Just curious how much organic growth reduction you could phase in and still maintain your EPS guidance. So for example, if we would have to take another point out for the year if the second half didn't really come through. Kind of is that a level of which you could still hold your guidance?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think -- I would guess I'd just point to our track record over the last six years that we've done, I think, a pretty good job giving a realistic view of what the year might look like. And then we've executed really well to do better than that and I think we expect to be able to continue to do that.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up to Mig's question on Welding. Are you anticipating that the organic growth would hit at or near the top end of the 3% to 6% range in the second half? And if so, is that China continuing that strong double-digit pace? Is it oil improving? How are you thinking about that?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So as I think for Welding specifically, we are -- like we said, we are comfortable with the 3% to 6% for the year. We have a challenging comp here again in Q2. It gets a little easier in Q4. But beyond that, I can't really give you quarterly numbers for the Welding business in the second half.
Karen Fletcher: We're near the end of the hour. How about we take one more question and end the call.
Operator: Our final question will be from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: Just one question on March. Is there any possibility that March is benefiting from the shift in Easter from March to April this year? And I guess maybe a way to talk about that is how is the strength you've seen in March continued into the early weeks of April?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I don't have a really good answer to your question other than we saw sequentially better sales trends in February and in March than what we see historically in April, everything appears to be on track as we sit here today.
Nicole DeBlase: And then on the price/cost impacts, if we kind of think about how costs are expected to wash through the year, if we assume that there's no major change in input costs from this point, kind of like flat and then the spot rate, is it possible that price/cost turns into a tailwind for you guys by the back half?
Michael Larsen: Yes, that is a possibility. If -- and this -- I mean, a little bit, Nicole, because things are pretty dynamic, right, still. And so on the cost side, there's still the tariff dynamic, who knows...
Scott Santi: And if you lock the cost right now.
Michael Larsen: To answer your question, no, it's based on cost where they are today and where price is. Mathematically, it should turn positive in the back half of the year from a margin standpoint.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. So with that, we'll end the call on the hour. I know you guys have a busy day today and I'm happy to take any follow-up questions afterwards. So thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for joining ITW's 2018 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Sheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen Fletcher: Thank you, Sheryl. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's fourth quarter 2018 conference call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; along with Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial results and we will update you on our 2019 outlook. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the first quarter and full-year 2019, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the Company's 2017 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Form 10-Qs for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. As a reminder, in 2017, we disclosed $95 million favorable legal settlement and recorded one-time tax charge in the fourth quarter. Therefore, we provided you with two tables on Slides 3 and 4 that summarize key financial measures for fourth quarter and full-year on a GAAP basis, as well as on an adjusted basis excluding the legal settlement and tax charge. For the rest of this conference call, our comments and variances exclude these two one-time times from 2017. So with that, we can move to Slide 5, and I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen, and good morning, everyone. Greetings from the epicenter of the polar vortex. In the fourth quarter, the ITW team delivered solid earnings growth and margin expansion. Fourth quarter EPS was in line with the midpoint of our guidance and increased 8%, 10% excluding currency with operating margin up 70 basis points to 24%, and after-tax return on invested capital up 320 basis points to over 27%. For the full-year, the ITW team delivered high-quality earnings growth of 15%, record operating income, record operating margin, and record return on invested capital. Free cash flow was up 10%, and we invested over $600 million in our businesses for growth and productivity. In addition, we returned more than $3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Throughout 2018, we continue to make significant progress on the execution of our enterprise strategy, as evidenced by 110 basis points of margin improvement from our Enterprise Initiatives over the course of the year. We made really good progress on organic growth acceleration in better than half of our operating divisions. As we discussed in our Investor Day back in December, our focus now is on getting the other 36 of our divisions that are not yet growing to their potential, moving more briskly down that path. And it's a major focus for us in the next couple of years. There's no doubt that 2018 had its challenges, raw material cost inflation, tariff uncertainties, decelerating auto production and currency headwinds in the back half of the year. Our ability to power through these challenges and deliver another year of record results, as evidence of the performance power of the ITW business model and the resilience of our high-quality diversified business portfolio. As we head into 2019, I'm confident that we are well positioned to deliver another year of meaningful progress down the path to ITW's full potential and to our 2023 performance goal. Before I turn the call over to Michael, let me conclude by recognizing and thanking my ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. Michael, over to you.
Michael Larsen: Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Let's stay on Slide 5 and recap a few more highlights for the fourth quarter. GAAP EPS was $1.83, an increase of 8% as we managed through some international end markets softness in two segments: the solid execution and delivered earnings per share at the midpoint of our guidance. Organic revenue was up 1%, with solid 4% growth in North America, offset by a 2% decline in international markets. I'll provide some additional color on what we saw in North America and international markets in a couple of minutes. PLS was 90 basis points this quarter, a little bit above our full-year rate of 70 basis points. Operating margin performance was solid as margins improved 70 basis points, with 110 basis points from Enterprise Initiatives, lower price/cost margin dilution headwind. Finally, free cash flow increased 18% to $727 million, 120% of net income and we repurchased $500 million of our shares in the quarter. Moving to Slide 6 for detail on fourth quarter operating margin. We've expanded operating margin every quarter this year and the fourth quarter was no different. In fact, we did better than last quarter, with 70 basis points of improvement year-over-year versus 30 basis points in Q3. All year, our teams have continued to execute well in Enterprise Initiatives, consistently contributing 100 basis points or more of margin improvement every quarter. And the impact is broad-based. In the fourth quarter, Enterprise Initiatives benefits ranged from 80 basis points to 120 basis points across each one of our seven segments. As I mentioned, price/cost margin dilution improved, narrowing from 70 basis points in the second quarter to 60 basis points in the third quarter, and now 40 basis points in the fourth quarter. Throughout the year, we continue to take decisive pricing actions to offset cost inflation and tariff impact. As planned, on a dollar basis, price more than offset raw material costs this quarter and for the full-year. All in, operating margin expanded by 70 basis points in the fourth quarter to 24%, the highest Q4 operating margin in ITW's history. Now we'll look at segment performance, starting with Slide 7. The table on the left provide some additional color on our fourth quarter organic growth rates by segment and by region. As I mentioned, North America continued its solid growth pattern with 4% this quarter, similar to third quarter and first half of the year. North America has really been steady and strong all year, ending the year up 4%. You can see some really good organic growth numbers in North America, with for example, Food Equipment, Welding, both up 7%; Polymers & Fluids, up 6%. For the full-year, every segment delivered positive organic growth in North America, ranging from 2% to 11%. International was more of a challenge, specifically in two segments, with organic growth down 2% in the fourth quarter, compared to up 2% in the first half of the year. The international market challenges that we're experiencing are not broad-based, and relate to just two segments, Automotive OEM and Specialty. Excluding those two segments, our international growth rate in Q2 would have been 4 points higher at plus 2%. More on that in the next few Slides. I should just point out that China overall was down slightly, at minus 2%, with again lower sales in automotive and specialty only. The other five segments saw positive demand trends as evidenced by, for example, Test & Measurement and Electronics, up 12%; Welding up 22%; and Polymers & Fluids, up 9%. For the full-year, China was up 3%. Let's go into the segment details, starting with Automotive OEM. Organic growth was down 4% this quarter. North America being positive 2% was not enough to offset a meaningful reduction in build rates in Europe and China. For the full-year, Automotive OEM organic growth was flat, as the auto builds in regions that are relevant to ITW all declined. If you look at 2018's full-year organic growth compared to builds by region, we delivered significant above-market growth in two of our key markets, North America and China. In North America, we grew 3% versus builds down 1%. And in China, organic growth was 3% versus builds down 4%. In Europe, the implementation of mandated new emissions testing procedures in Q3 caused significant auto production disruption in the back half of the year. We're confident that our below build rate revenue declines in the second half are a function of mix, what models passed the new emissions testing procedures and when, and not the result of any material share loss. Our new program wins in Europe in 2018 were very strong as is our new program pipeline there. We remained confident that our European auto businesses are well positioned to deliver consistent above market growth and that they will get back to doing so over the next several quarters. With respect to the European market production issues I referenced a minute ago; our auto team on the ground expects that they will work themselves through over the next several quarters, and that conditions will begin to normalize in the back half of the year. Fourth quarter operating margin declined 150 basis points almost entirely due to price cost headwinds. As you know, pricing actions take longer to implement in the automotive market. It is encouraging though that for the full-year; this segment's operating margin of 22.5% was down only 30 basis points with the benefits from Enterprise Initiatives, essentially offsetting price/cost headwinds. Moving on to Slide 8. Food Equipment had a strong quarter and delivered accelerating organic revenue growth of 5%, its highest quarterly growth in four years as overall demand continued to improve across the board. North America grew 7%, with equipment up 9%, and service up 4%. Food service was up 11% and retail i.e. sales to grocery stores, turned positive as we began to lap difficult comps that we've talked about on prior calls. Growth in institutional end markets continues to be very strong, and was up double digits, with particular strength in the education and lodging categories. International markets were solid too, up 3% with good growth in both equipment and service. As expected, Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue was flat against the tough comp of 9% organic growth in the fourth quarter of 2017. Test & Measurement was down 1% due to this difficult year-over-year comparison. Electronics was up 2%. While this quarter had a tough comp, full-year organic growth was solid at plus 4% and I should point out that fourth quarter operating margin improved by 140 basis points to 24.8%, a record for the segment. Now on to Slide 9. Welding continued its strong run, with 8% organic growth this quarter, which is impressive versus a comp of 6% growth last year. Demand was strong across-the-board, with global equipment up 7% and consumables up 8%. Industrial business was up 7%, commercial up 8%, and oil and gas, up 9%. By region, North America was up 7%; and international, up 11%. Polymers & Fluids organic growth was 4% with 7% growth in automotive aftermarket, which benefited from a new product launch. And Polymers was up 4%, with strong product sales at Asia Pacific, offsetting a 4% decline in Fluids, which included a significant amount of PLS and a tough comp at plus 5% last year. Turning to Slide 10. Construction organic sales were down 1%, as our North American commercial sales were down 10%, primarily due to project timing in our warehouse growing business. North America residential was essentially flat, with 5% growth in renovation and remodel, offset by decline in new construction. Europe was a bright spot with sales up 6%. Australia and New Zealand sales were down 5% due to a slowing residential construction market there. Specialty organic sales were down 2% against the tough comp of plus 5% last year. This segment also had over 100 basis points of PLS in the quarter. International organic sales were down 8% with some of the same soft spots that we saw in the third quarter, including appliance components and graphics. Equipment sales were a bright spot, up 4%, and our Hi-Cone division, which we saw at our Investor Day, was up 13%.  Moving on to Slide 11 and full-year 2018 performance. 2018 was a record year for EPS, operating income, operating margin of 24.3% and after-tax return on invested capital of 28.2%. Operating margin was up 60 basis points, driven primarily by another year of strong execution on Enterprise Initiatives, contributing 110 basis points. Free cash flow was up 10% to $2.4 billion with free cash flow conversion of 95%, slightly below our target, primarily due to the combination of modestly higher CapEx investments and slightly elevated inventory levels at year-end due to higher material costs. Finally, we executed $2 billion in share repurchases and increased the dividend by 28% this year. Looking back at 2018. We delivered on the full-year EPS guidance that we provided as we entered the year, thus continuing our track record of exceeding our annual guidance for the past 6 years. The consistency and quality of our financial performance as summarized here for 2018 are a testament to the power of ITW's proprietary business model, our high-quality diversified business portfolio and strong execution by the ITW team. Let's now turn to Slide12 in 2019 guidance. We are reiterating our full-year EPS guidance from Investor Day in December. EPS of $7.90 to $8.20, with a midpoint of $8.05, which represents 6% growth year-over-year. We now expect organic growth in the range of 1% to 3%, compared to a range of 2% to 4% previously. This reduction is entirely related to taking a more conservative, risk-adjusted view with regards to auto builds and semiconductor-related demand in 2019. This range also includes PLS of about 80 basis points, which is unchanged from December. We continue to firm up the projects and activities related to our Enterprise Initiatives, and are confident that they will deliver 100 basis points of operating margin expansion, independent of volume. Also, included in our plan are higher restructuring expense versus 2018 and we have particularly heavy restructuring agenda in Q1. This is driven to a significant degree by actions we are taking to rightsize our automotive OEM and specialty businesses in Europe. The price/cost equation remains pretty dynamic, but margin headwinds should continue to moderate as the majority of raw material costs appear to have stabilized, and we have strong pricing momentum heading into the year, with the vast majority of planned pricing actions already implemented. 2019 tariff expectations remain around $60 million, which is based on current and announced tariffs, including the potential impact of these three growing from 10% to 25% in March. We continue to view the overall tariff impact as manageable, given the fact that we are largely a produce where we sell company, and that we only source approximately 2% of our spend from China. Given the differentiated nature of our product offerings across the company, we expect to be able to offset the impact of any incremental raw material cost inflation and tariff impacts that might arise in 2019, with pricing actions on a dollar-for-dollar basis at a minimum, just as we did in 2018. Finally, we expect free cash flow conversion at or above 100% of net income, share repurchases of $1.5 billion and a tax rate in the range of 24.5% to 25.5%, up slightly from 24.5% in 2018 due to the non-repeat of discrete items. Taking a closer look at the first quarter. We should point out that we expect that the first half of 2019 will be a little more challenging that what is typical for us in terms of year-over-year comparisons due to more difficult comps, more currency headwind in the first half versus the second half of the year and higher Q1 restructuring costs. Specifically, in Q1, we have a $0.07 of currency headwind at current rates. The impact of the higher restructuring also $0.07, and $0.05 of tax rate headwind due to a discrete $14 million tax item that we recognized in Q1 of last year. There's also one last shipping day in Q1, which is another approximately $0.02 headwind to EPS and 1.5 percentage points headwind to organic growth. It's important to note that we have an extra shipping day in Q3. As a result, we expect Q1 EPS in the range of $0.73 to $0.83, and essentially flat organic growth. However, coming out of Q1, the headwinds I just described start to moderate. Roughly two-thirds of $0.14 of the expected currency headwind this year is in the first half. Restructuring activities, as we discussed, are front-end loaded this year, and price/cost margin impact should moderate as we go through the year. It’s important to note that our full-year guidance is based entirely on current demand run rates. Existing and announced price/cost impacts, known enterprise initiative benefits, and what we believe is a prudently risk-adjusted posture with regard to 2019 demand expectations in auto and semiconductor end-to-end markets. We do not have any projections of demand improvement versus current levels in our 2019 guidance. However, given what I just described and the fact that revenue comps are much easier in the second half of the year, year-over-year revenue and earnings growth comparisons will get increasingly positive as we move through the year. On Slide 13, we provided an EPS range for 2019 versus 2018. Organic growth of 1% to 3% at our normal incremental margin of 35%, contributes to $0.20 to $0.30 to EPS growth. Benefits from Enterprise Initiatives add another $0.25 to $0.35. Lower share count represents the impact on the $2 billion of share repurchases completed in 2018 and the $1.5 billion planned for 2019. Combined, they contribute approximately $0.25 a share. At current exchange rates, we anticipate $0.20 impact from foreign currency and approximately two-thirds of that impact is expected in the first half of the year as we talked about. And finally, we proved a few things and to other on this bridge. It includes our expectations to higher restructuring this year, approximately $0.10, with $0.07 of that in Q1; a higher tax rate than 2018 due to the non-repeat of discrete items, which is a $0.05 headwind, partially offset by lower interest expense due by savings and the $1.35 billion in bond maturities in March and April. These three items and a few other puts and takes, combined to reduce EPS by $0.10 to $0.20. You will know that there's no accommodations of potential M&A activity and specifically the potential divestitures that we talked about at Investor Day. Our guidance is all in, meaning, that the baseline presented here assumes our portfolio as it is today. We are making good progress on our potential divestitures, and we'll update you on our progress as we go through the year. Importantly, as we said before, any EPS dilution from divestitures will be completely offset by incremental share repurchases, and are therefore, EPS-neutral. Finally, we have provided our views on organic growth outlook by segment for full year 2019 on Slide 14. These are based on current run rates, adjusted for seasonality, and are obviously influenced by year-over-year comparisons as we go through the year. It's important to note that there's no expectation of demand acceleration embedded in our guidance. We see solid growth in Welding of 3% to 6%, down from 2018, but just as a function of the more difficult 10% comparison year-over-year. Food Equipment has good momentum and pretty easy comps in the first half, and are expected to be up 3% to 5% for the full year. Construction of 1% to 4%, which also includes a number of meaningful new product launches. Test & Measurement incorporates a more cautious sales expectation for equipment related to semiconductor manufacturing. Those sales represent approximately $200 million, and are expected to be down double-digits in 2019. This creates a drag of 2 percentage points of organic growth to the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment. Polymers & Fluids and Specialty, all with low single-digit growth expectation, and automotive, as we mentioned, we are being pretty cautious with sales expected to be flat to down 4% despite the fact that third parties, such as IHS, are expecting positive growth in auto builds in 2019. Lastly, a comment about quarterly guidance. From day one back in 2013, our strategy has been centered on leveraging ITW's powerful and proprietary business model to its full potential, and in doing so, position the company to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns over the long-term. In the early stages of implementing our strategy, we believe that providing quarterly guidance was constructive given the number and magnitude of the changes and initiatives that we were implementing across the company. We have not progressed far enough in executing our strategy that you believe that providing quarterly guidance is no longer value added given the long-term performance focus of the company and our core shareholders. As a result, we are discontinuing this practice as of this quarter. We will continue to provide an updated five-year performance goals and EPS and organic growth guidance annually. With that, Karen, back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Sheryl, let's open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Andrew Casey: Your guidance is pretty interesting. It looks like topline is more or less consistent with a bear case on the stock, but the bottom line guide is what you said back in December. So a couple of questions on the backend loaded nature of what you just presented. First, why is price/cost negative 50 bps for the year, given pricing momentum is carrying over? And from the outside, it looks like you're looking at apparent decreases in some of your raw material input costs and then within that, do you expect price/cost to improve through the year?
Michael Larsen: Yes. Andy, price/cost was negative 50 basis points from a margin standpoint in 2018 and we're not providing a number for 2019 primarily because it's still a pretty dynamic environment in terms of raw materials as well as potential tariffs. That said, what you are saying is correct. I mean it is reasonable to assume based on what we know today in terms of the price actions we've taken, the expected raw material costs, the tariffs including the increase in March from 10% to 25% that may or may not happen. It is reasonable to assume that we will continue to make progress on price/cost from a margin standpoint in 2019 and certainly, we will continue to be positive on a dollar-for-dollar basis to a degree that’s significantly higher actually that what we saw in 2018. So I hope that answers your question.
Andrew Casey: It does. And if I can also follow-up on something else, Michael, thank you for that. In your commentary around the first half versus second half, Q1 midpoint implies about 6% earnings decline year-over-year, but the rest of the year is up around 9%. It sound pretty confident that in assuming the current run rate. Is a majority of that confidence really related to the pull ahead of the seven out of 10 for restructuring in the year into Q2? And basically, is that the big part of your confidence?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think what we're pulling forward, the restructuring obviously has a pretty big impact here in Q1 of $0.07. Some of those benefits will start to show up in the back end of the year. Many of these projects have one-year payback or better in many cases. In addition to the higher restructuring, currency is more of a headwind in Q1, the tax rate is a headwind. And then we do have one less shipping day as I mentioned in Q1. And so…
Scott Santi: That we get back in Q3.
Michael Larsen: That we get back in Q3. So that's why the year looks a little different relative to what you're used to from ITW, but there is some really good reasons behind that. And when you pencil it all out, you can get comfortable. We certainly are comfortable and very confident in our ability to deliver on the guidance that we are providing today.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you very much.
Scott Santi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague, Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. I wonder if I can just dig into a couple of segment level detail questions. First on automotive and the whole emissions, WLTC had a logjam in Europe. Your view that it doesn't really sort itself up in the second half, is that kind of a well grounded in what you're hearing from the OEMs? Or is that really kind of just kind of caution on the chaos we've seen up to this point and it's just kind of hard to predict how things play out there?
Scott Santi: I think it's a little bit of both, but more of the latter. I want to be careful how I say this, but I think the information has, in terms of direct customer, that's been a little bit up and down just because I think it's a fairly fluid situation. But I think our posture from a planning standpoint, we believe is definitely on the conservative side and just to be clear, we're saying that things start to mitigate in the back half of normalized, but certainly aren't all the way corrected probably and it will begin with some elements of this all the way through the year is our current view.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And just on the Construction side. I'm sorry, can you elaborate on what drove the commercial weakness in North America and the U.S.? And is there kind of visibility on the recovery plan there?
Michael Larsen: Yes, there is. So it's a fairly small part of our overall business in North America. Part of what we do is we provide concrete solutions for warehouse flooring. And we had a number of projects that we're scheduled to go in Q4 that pushed out to 2019, so it's just primarily a timing issue more than a commentary on what's going on in the commercial construction space.
Jeffrey Sprague: And maybe just one other really quick follow-up. Do you have some additional restructuring kind of on-the-shelf, for lack of a better term, if kind of the macro environment does begin to pick it on as soon as 2019 unfolds?
Scott Santi: Well, I would say, we normally operate with a fair degree of contingency planning around our plans, whether that's within a particular segment or at the overall company level. We certainly have the flexibility to make adjustments as we're talking about here related to auto and specialty in the near term. And that's been sort of normal practice for the company for quite a long time. So should things in terms of sort of external and macro environment play out differently than what we're anticipating now, and again, I think we're taking a pretty conservative posture in terms of our planning approach here. And absolutely, we would expect to be able to adjust to that and do it in a relatively short order. As I said, we have a pretty flexible cost structure given how we operate to maybe 2020. So we could certainly make those adjustments within the quarter or two.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Appreciate the perspective. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. First, I just wanted to better understand if we think about what – your preliminary guide at the Analyst Meeting, the EPS is the same as it is today. Basically, reaffirmed it, but your organic growth assumption is 1 point worse. I don't recall of the restructuring number was in there and also FX seems to be more of a headwind. So can you just sort of help me understand what's offsetting those headwinds relative to what you guys said at the Analyst Day? And then my second question is just with regards to the organic growth, the 2% for this year. One would argue in 2018 where the economy was relatively strong. You guys put up the same level of organic growth. So just comfort level on you can put together – or you can put up another 2% organic growth in a tougher macro. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So let me start with the first part, which is a very fair question, in terms of the organic growth guide today being lower than what we guided in December. Really on the back of being more conservative around automotive builds as well as factoring in the latest view on the semiconductor-related end markets. As we've gone through these last few months here, we really firmed up our views in terms of the enterprise savings from – Enterprise Initiatives to specific projects and activities that will deliver 100 basis points of margin improvement as well as other discretionary cost items. And so that's really what's driving the majority of our confidence and ability to maintain the EPS number. In addition to that, I would say, although I'm cautious on this, given what we saw in 2018 as the price/cost headwinds are certainly looking more favorable today than at the end of last year. And then just to be precise, restructuring, I think, that we had in our guidance in December is the same number as today. And so that number has not changed. I think the second part, if I remember correctly, was around our ability – confidence to deliver 1% to 3% organic growth this year similar to last year. And I'll go back to how we modeled this, which is basically based on current run rates, adjusted for seasonality, and if you run that out for the year, with the adjustments we made in auto and specialty, you get to a range of 1% to 3% organic growth. We provided a little more detail on the last slide, Slide 14, in the deck. You can see how it kind of pencils out by segment. And again, these are based on current run rates, risk-adjusted on a couple of areas, and in our view, pretty cautious and conservative view overall.
Jamie Cook: I guess, so just given the account of the weaker macro, there are certain segments where you are assuming that your market share is above average and that sort of helps the organic growth? I mean, can you talk about Construction little? I'm not sure if market share is contributing more, I mean, relative to just overall whatever macro? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think Construction, there's significant new product launches on the docket for this year. I'd say in addition to that, I wouldn't underestimate the impact of price this year relative to 2018. And so if you add all that up, these are the numbers that make up the guidance by segment and 1% to 3% in total.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you. I’ll get back in queue.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz, Citibank. Go ahead, your line in open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hear me okay?
Michael Larsen: Yes. We got you.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Yes. So Scott or Mike obviously ITW's is relatively strong in Europe, and you did mention that Europe would be up a couple of percent instead of down if it weren't for your issues in auto. And Specialty Products, so maybe give us a little more color regarding what’s going on in Europe. Construction actually looks like strong for you, guys, given the environment there. And so and what's the outlook here as we go through 2019 in Europe?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think the issues on the international side are really isolated to the two segments we talked about. I think the other five segments are doing pretty well across the Board. If you just look at the fourth quarter, certainly, auto, specialty were down, but we put up some really good numbers in Europe. Construction overall was up 6%. Welding, up 7%. Food, up 3%. We've not seen a big impact from Brexit or the U.K. Those markets are pretty stable. So we feel pretty confident going into 2019 in terms of modeling current run rates in that geography.
Scott Santi: You just may be – yes, just another data point is, and if you net – if you look at our European sales in Q3 and Q4 net of auto and specialty, it was plus 3 in Q3 and plus 2 in Q4, so we're certainly not – which feels pretty stable to us not – the 3% to 2% I don’t know, we're certainly not calling that a trend. But sort of down single-digit is pretty sold.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Yes. Okay, that’s helpful guys. And then a couple of businesses that have been somewhat lethargic over the last couple of quarters, they looked like they kicked up a little bit here in this past quarter. If I look at Polymers & Fluids and you mentioned that new product intro and auto aftermarket. And then with include equipment that you mentioned retail reconfiguration turning around. Do these businesses have some sustaining power here going forward? In other words, are you seeing a little bit more CapEx from grocery stores, for instance, in Food Equipment and does this new product rollout in auto aftermarket? Does that give you continuing growth in the segment for the next few quarters?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I’d say Andy that Food Equipment certainly feels very good. I think the acceleration really started in the second half. The strength is broad-based. On the equipment side, service put up a pretty good number here as well. On the retail side, just to be clear, we're not seeing a pickup in terms of the CapEx spend on the grocery side. Really, what we're seeing is, these are flat to up slightly on a year-over-year basis as we lapped a more difficult comps. But all the benefits that we expected in terms of new product introductions, certainly, we're seeing though in the second half of the year and we expect those to continue into 2019. So Food Equipment, let say, 3% to 5% feels very good for 2019. Polymers & Fluids, we did benefit from a new product launch in automotive aftermarket. I hesitate to say this, but we’re a beneficiary also of some weather-related impact in terms of Rain-X wiper blades. And so that part of the business was up 7% overall. That is not a sustainable rate for the full-year, obviously. But I'd say also in Polymers, you're seeing some good progress there in terms of the overall organic growth rate. And like I mentioned earlier, you are seeing the impact of price. So certainly some good progress in those two segments and we should expect to continue to see that in 2019 as reflected in the segment outlook we gave you on Page 14.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciated guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mircea Dobre: Yes. Good morning, guys. So I want to stick with Food Equipment here. I mean, 3% to 5% growth this would probably be the best growth since 2014, 2015, that time range. And I wanted to make sure that I understand kind of what the moving pieces are here. Retail, you said, feels a little bit better, but it's mostly a factor of comps. So I'm not sure how much you're really expecting this business to grow. Institutional, you mentioned, was quite good, so maybe you can talk a little bit about the momentum into 2019? I'm also wondering just your restaurant business, so I think that's pretty meaningful as well. How that's doing international as well as North America?
Michael Larsen: Yes, Mig. So the demand we saw really here in Q3, Q4 was broad-based. So we talked specifically about food service, which is everything excluding the retail side, being up 11%. Retail turned positive in the no single-digits. We're not counting on a big pickup in retail in 2019 and it's not that significant portion of our overall business. We continue to see a lot of strengths on the institutional side, up double-digits. And again, there are a couple of categories here, really, around education, so K12, universities as well as lodging. And on the restaurant side also, double-digit growth, including which for us is a smaller part of the business on the QSR side. International is solid, up 3%. Certainly feel good about the momentum going into 2019. And just Q4 was best growth rate I think in over four years here. So new product introductions are really taking off and we feel we're very pleased with the progress we're making in Food Equivalent.
Mircea Dobre: Got it. That’s helpful. And then sort of going back to the big picture topline guidance, so if you're starting the year flat in Q1 and you're guiding on current levels of TAM, and your comp is getting tougher in Q2 by at least 100 basis points. Should we have expectations for an organic decline in Q2, and then acceleration in the second half on easier comps? Is that how we should be thinking about it?
Michael Larsen: So Mig, you should definitely think about it as just given the comps higher growth rates in the back half of the year than in the first half. If you just go back and look at 2018, I think in 2018, we were up 3% organic rounding in the first half were up 1% in the second half. That alone is driving some of the higher growth rates, both in terms of organic as well as well as earnings growth. So really the swings you're going to see are really a function of what the comps are on a year-over-year basis. Those are the big drivers. Again, there's no demand acceleration assumed here on the contrary, if anything, we've dialed it back in certainly in auto as well as semi, which we talked about earlier.
Mircea Dobre: But there is not something on the products side or – I don’t know something it based on some of the visibility that you might have that would be able to maybe reassure us that you'd be able to cross the tougher comp in Q2 versus Q1?
Michael Larsen: There is typical every year, new products contribute…
Scott Santi: And we are not managed for the quarter. The quarterly plans, we'll give you a Q2 update when we get there. Our expectation is, again, as Michael said, were recent current demand levels and projecting them through the year. I'm – if you look at Q2 this was a full-year in a Q1 number. I don't recall exactly what the Q2 organic growth rate is embedded in our plan if we had it, and so I think…
Mircea Dobre: No, I appreciate it. I was just trying to make sure that we have already much better line what you guys are thinking. That’s it?
Scott Santi: I think the math is – there's nothing funny in the math here. This is really straightforward, as Michael said, if anything have to dialed back relative to current demand rates in a couple of areas where we think there's some potential risks. We're not seeing that it's going to play out that way. I think overall, that's a smart and prudent approach in terms of our planning. And it also highlights the fact that we've got a lot of earnings growth power from the same point of Enterprise Initiatives and other things going on underneath that's not vulnerable to some further erosion in auto, if things play out. And ultimately, we've got to plan where we believe there's more upside potential than downside. That's why we always plan and that's really what were, I think, embedded in the approach we've taken in terms of taken the organic growth rate down a percent relative to where we were in December.
Mircea Dobre: Got it. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Inch, Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
John Inch: Hi, Michael. So wondering if there's kind of an update on the divestitures that you plan for this year? And just as kind of to that, Michael, if we were actually to have taken the 2019 divestitures that you've got out and best of them at the beginning of the year, kind of pro forma, would that have any material impact on the 1% to 3% core growth that you're just betting for 2019?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So as that's a very good question. So the impact is these potential divestitures all happen is an improvement in our organic growth rate of about 50 basis points and improvement in our operating margins by 100 basis points. So that would – assuming that all of those take place this year, that's what we would expect to see in 2020. I think that's a fairly optimistic assumption. I think we're certainly making good progress, and I think a more reasonable planning assumption would be maybe half of them get done this year. But none of that is included in the numbers today. So certainly you see some slightly lower revenues to the effect that if EPS dilution, you'll see higher share repurchases to offset that, so that they are EPS-neutral. There are going to be some gains on some of these potential divestitures. Those are also not included, but on pro forma basis, it's a meaningful impact. And we are making good progress.
John Inch: If there's some reason you couldn't – I know you said half, but it's not a bad point, right? But to some reason, if you start to get a cadence going because I'm assuming you're not doing them sequentially one after another, you got kind have booked out more than one. I mean, why couldn’t these things hit sooner? Is it just – I guess I don't really understand why it – there's not a lot of companies like why couldn't we get most of this done in 2019?
Michael Larsen: I will pass that on to the steering committee in charge of the divestiture activities, John. We prioritized in terms of the biggest impact of the company. We’re going to try to get those done first. We’re not in a rush here. We’re going to be very liberate and thoughtful in terms of how we execute of this and maximizing the value for the company and so…
Scott Santi: I'll just quibble a little bit with your perspective in terms of there – there is a decent amount of work involved in each one in terms of preparing to separate from ITW and all the things we need to do to…
John Inch: Yes, I look in the ivory tower, so I guess.
Scott Santi: I don't want to go to that part, John, but I was just – I think we've got a good cadence, we've got good plans that we are finalizing now in terms of being very deliberate and intentional how bad – how we go bad if as Michael said, I think the reality of it is probably a two-year process to move all the way through maybe. And of course, everything that we can do to make it happen faster, we will certainly do that. But at this point, we also are not – that's not the number one priority right now. So would everything else that we are trying to work on and make progress there.
John Inch: And just sort on the polymers business, I know Michael, you called out the auto aftermarket likely not to see that cadence, that make sense. Was there any kind of a pre-buy in that business maybe associated with getting ahead of some cost increases or price increases? That’s also potentially contributing to the 1% to 3% kind of slight acceleration?
Michael Larsen: John, we did not see that in Polymers & Fluids. And actually, in any of our other segments as we went through the fourth quarter here. The quarter played out as it usually does on a monthly basis. There's really nothing unusual, as we went through the quarter, including in Polymers & Fluids.
John Inch: The other question I had is oil and gas prices have come down obviously, since the December meeting. I know we're talking about raw increases, but I was wondering about the indirect impact or even direct impact of those hydrocarbon pricings coming down? I realize you buy a lot of metals, like, in metals derivatives. But is there possibly some sort of once we get the impact of this, is there some sort of potential net tailwind that kind of begins to accrue to you later this year or something?
Michael Larsen: Eventually, the answer is yes. I don’t know whether that will be end of this year or not. I mean there is certainly a tailwind today on a dollar-for-dollar basis, as I said earlier, while raw material costs increases – just carryover from last year is still pretty significant number in 2019. Its leg than 2018 and we are certainly significantly ahead on a dollar-for-dollar basis. So with the standard, it is providing some tailwind here.
John Inch: Got it. One last one, I mean company is used to talk about – I think they still do selectively kind of these cost pressures that are embodied by wages. If you just focus on the U.S., what's actually happening to your U.S. wage costs given – what appeared to be tight employment markets? I mean, our wages going up materially in 2019 I don’t remember if you call back out, materially 2019 versus 2018. Is that any kind of the factor here?
Michael Larsen: We have not – I think there would be – from the standpoint of aggregate, North American wages. I am summarizing a lot of individual data points, but things are up tens of thousands of points maybe relative to sort of plan increases in prior year, but nothing that I would considered to be material in terms of the impact of the overall company at this point.
John Inch: Got it, talk it. All right, thanks guys. Appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Gilardi. You’re line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Hey good morning. Thanks guys. Just on auto, I think you said that you're assuming flat to negative 4% for 2019. Can you give us any type of breakdown by region particular since you were saying that you’re not assuming any acceleration in the second half? I would just think given like what's going on in China right now to get the flat to negative 4% and just the pressures in that end market globally that you would have assume some re-acceleration for now to be down more than that.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So there is a lot of uncertainty around the numbers that third parties are providing on a geographic basis. I think the best I can tell you is, when we were together in December, the view was is that our auto business will be flat on markets that globally would be down 2% to 3%. We gave that a further risk adjustment here relative to what we said in December. I can't really give you a view by quarter here as the year plays out. I'll give you the actuals, when we get through Q2, Q3 and Q4, but I can't really give you guidance around that.
Scott Santi: We got people studied this, like IHS out with a projection of plus 2% on builds on China for the year, plus 1% in North America and I think down a couple – I think certainly, globally they're plus 1%, we’re at 0% to minus 4%. It’s just one data point, but there are people that study this that have – I’ll call it an optimistic view, but I think we're back to them. The comment we are making earlier about making sure that we're appropriately conservative there where there's still some uncertainty, but we're not, I don't think we're on the high side of optimism relative to what most of this, at least third parties that we look at to study this market feel like it's going to go on in 2019. We're on the conservative side of them.
Ross Gilardi: Just on the restructuring, the $0.07 and I think the $0.10 for the year, what is it actually for? I mean, is it headcount related or is it five-year enterprise initiatives? And I think you mentioned before, but where is it again? 
Michael Larsen: So this is primarily focused on rightsizing our footprint in Europe in two businesses, the automotive business as well as the specialty business. And beyond that we typically don't comment on specific restructuring projects.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. But on that, Michael, I mean, you said that, I mean, clearly there's some pressures tied to what you were describing earlier, but it sounded like you thought things were normalizing that you're not losing share and it's kind of a timing issue of when the market actually improves. So why restructure the European auto business if that's the case?
Michael Larsen: Well, we're just moving faster on some things. We still got an acquisition that we did two years ago that is through the restructuring I would say, is normally – normal part of the integration of that business. It’s a fairly good piece of that. We are accelerating some of that given the environment in this pause and demand, it's a good time to get after some of that. Well there's some things that would have been – we would have gotten to anyway. It’s the easiest way to describe it that I would say we have accelerated into the front-end of the year given the pause and the demand admit. These things are in some ways is better timing if we can get them done when we're not also dealing with some increases in demand. That's probably a better characterization of it.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Got you.
Michael Larsen: That's what we're doing.
Ross Gilardi: And just the last one on the Test & Measurement. I mean you guys leaked out 140 basis points of margin expansion with real organic growth in the business in the fourth quarter, which is pretty impressive. But is that type of margin expansion sustainable in the 2019 in a flattish environment for that segment?
Michael Larsen: I think we still have ways to go in terms of further margin expansion in Test & Measurement and that's based on what the bottoms up, what the team is telling us. What you're really seeing is the impact of the enterprise initiatives in Test & Measurement. And I think it's another data point that supports the view that we have and the confidence that we have in the ability to continue to expand margins in 2019 and beyond as we talked about in December. We believe we have at least another 3 to 4 percentage points of margin expansion ahead of us and Test & Measurement has at least that level of improvement ahead of it in that over the next three to four years.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joseph Ritchie: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joseph Ritchie: So just on your WLTP comments from earlier, I just wanted to make sure that I understand it. If your platforms are being disproportionately impacted, do you have a sense or line of sight on the approval for those platforms getting through the testing requirements? And shouldn't that just reversed itself at some point in 2019?
Scott Santi: Well, it should reverse itself at some point. The answer to your question is we don't have great line of sight because it's a new test and I don't want to speak for the auto OEMs in Europe, but what we're hearing is that there's some uncertainty and some challenges. It's not that it can't be done, it is a new testing procedure and that the backlog involved in getting all of their models through it has been much more of a challenge than perhaps what’s expected. I don't know. I'm not, again, this is where we’ll draw some conclusions over around based on a number of different data points. So my answer to your question is absolutely, it should sort itself out. I think there's still a question of how long it takes to do so. And that's an element of our, let's call it conservatism in terms of our posture around that. There is people are still buying cars in Europe. There's nothing in terms of their consumption data and auto that gives you a whole lot of reason for pause at least to us at this point. It's much more a bad for disruption and the production part relative to the emissions testing regime. And I don't think it's – smooth sailing from here, let's say in terms of how all that plays out. Based on what we hear.
Joseph Ritchie: That's fair, Scott. And I guess just a good quick pop follow-up that I had. You guys gave us guidance on the whole growth outlook for Test & Measurement and Electronics. Just wondering, and I know you've got the run rates, but the Electronics business I guess we've been seeing, yes, some softness channel and any color on that business specifically and what do you you're seeing in kind of perspective will be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes, most of our position in the electronic space is really more, I would say, MRO-related. So we're not – with a couple of exceptions, just one in set by we're not sort of upstream in terms of production equipment. So that from our standpoint the electronics has been pretty stable. But it's – but we're able to describe is pretty downstream from the standpoint of where we participate there.
Scott Santi: Yes. Clean room.
Michael Larsen: MRO.
Scott Santi: MRO activities.
Michael Larsen: Not production items. Right.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ann Duignan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Ann Duignan: Most of my questions have been asked. So I just philosophically, I just wanted to ask about the pulling that quarterly guidance. I'm just curious about timing and whether you talked to the fact that, without quarterly guidance probability is that the sale side estimates will be more variable and then you're more likely to miss somebody's expectations and therefore have greater earnings volatility, which actually meant covering multiple on a stopped. So I'm just curious why you chose to stop giving quarterly guidance.
Scott Santi: Well, since we haven't missed one in six years, we thought we would try something different. I'm just kidding. I think ultimately we talked a lot of our shareholders, and there's a fair amount of effort and it goes into providing it. There is some philosophical differences around again, what we think the core investor value proposition for ITW which is really around, strength of competitive advantage in the business model, resilience in terms of high quality, diversified portfolio. All of those things are really oriented towards longer time periods of performance. And given all that, I think this is, we felt like we had, I think Michael said in his remarks, it was valuable early in the process given and talk about the enterprise strategy now. And then at this point we progressed far enough words, it's not value added anymore. And the last thing I would say and this will be a little smart key and I don't intend to be, but we listened to your boss. Jamie diamond has told us that. And a lot of companies we should be doing this. I'm just kidding.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fisher, UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on the oil and gas question more from the revenue side of things? Just wondering to what extent you're seeing any change in momentum in the oil and gas business in the last two or three months or so. And then how that's filtering into your, primarily I guess the 3% to 6% growth in your Welding business.
Michael Larsen: Yes, our exposure is pretty limited overall to oil and gas. It's primarily on the international side in the Welding business. And we've just started to see a pickup in oil and gas here in Q3 and Q4. We gave you the number here. And we haven't seen any changes over the last couple of months, if that's what you're asking.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: Given that some of the – I guess some of the commentary around why organic growth is a little bit lower for the full-year? Is semiconductor is electronic. I guess I’m curious I don’t think that came up in your commentary within T&M. Are you guys actually starting to see a slowdown in semiconductor spend? Or is it just anticipated to occur throughout 2019?
Michael Larsen: So we did see a slowdown here in Q4, not entirely on expected. And again it’s in the portion of Test & Measurement that sells equipment for the upfront manufacturing of - in the semiconductor space. And we did see a slowdown here in Q4. In the past, there have been talks about pause, and then a pick up again in the back end of 2019. And we’ve taken all that out and basically assumed current run rate based on what we saw in Q4 and, therefore in our view, appropriately, risk-adjusted for any exposure in semiconductor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel. Your line is open.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: Couple of follow-ups on the Welding business there, obviously, some good organic growth, but I know that business does sell a lot of steel. So maybe if you could give us some color on what the input is from volumes versus price, in the fourth quarter? And what the pricing tailwind to revenue, at least, is in 2019?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So Nathan, we do not break out price versus volume at the enterprise level or by segment, including for Welding. So I'm afraid I can’t give you that.
Nathan Jones: Okay, no worries. Just one on the Construction business that you talked about new product releases on slide for this year. Can you talk about when you expect those to start hitting the market? And any color you could give on the anticipated contribution?
Michael Larsen: Yes, it’s a pretty long list of new product centered around our cordless technology where ITW is the market leader. They come in throughout the year the various geographies. Typically, the contribution from new products is somewhere in the 1% range in terms of overall revenue growth and we it just based on what’s in the pipeline to be a little bit higher than that in Construction this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just a follow-up on, Michael I guess the – part of the answer to your last question that you don't really want to break out price with the enterprise level. But it seems like some of the confidence in the year comes from maybe a bit more price yield and perhaps some commercial initiatives that offsets some of that auto commentary. Is that a fair assessment relative to prior years that you guys just feel like outside of, perhaps, auto that you're carrying a bit more price than usual and able to kind of a hold up, at least any downside scenario?
Michael Larsen: I don’t know if we really thought about it that the way you’re articulating it. I mean but certainly, like I said earlier, in six out of seven segments, so excluding auto, there's – we've taken pricing actions to offset raw material cost inflation and tariff impact. So to the extent that we'll probably have a little bit more price coming through in 2019 than in 2018 and that certainly helps the overall organic growth rate.
Scott Santi: But we offset price every year.
Michael Larsen: Yes, we get price every year. Maybe a little bit more 2019 and 2018, but it’s not the big driver here.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Raso, Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. I had another question, but just wanted to circle back first on the organic sales guide. I mean just want to make sure that the takeaway is correct. The idea of the first quarter being flat, the second quarter you do expect it to improve. I'm just making sure we are all level set just giving the idea if it's flat in the first quarter, if the second quarter is not at least one or two, it makes the second half obviously a little more of a struggle. So I just want to make sure we level set on that. So if you can give us some perspective. But my real question, food and welding, the food and welding are going to be over 55% in dollar terms of your EBIT growth. I mean, sorry, the organic sales growth. In those businesses, good to see food pickup at least on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter. Can you give us any help with a backlog number, an order number, just something kind of looking into 2019 that gives us some perspective of the starting point of growth sort of already booked relative just given their significance to the overall growth for 2019?
Scott Santi: I'll answer the second and throw it back to Michael for the first. These are all short cycled businesses from the standpoint of – if we get an order today, we ship it tomorrow. What I can tell you is book-to-bill and both businesses in Q4 was positive. So order rates are at or above shipman rates in Q4. We don't build – these aren't big backlog businesses is my point. These are given the way we deliver. If we get an order today, we ship it tomorrow, we don't build backlog. But it's from the standpoint of just order rates relative to shipment rates in Q4 on both businesses were pretty solid.
Michael Larsen: Yes. That's where I was going to go with this, welding just grew organically 8%. On a tough comp, there were up 6% in Q4 last year. Food Equipment up 5%, organics have good momentum in those two businesses. In terms of the Q1, Q2 question, without telling you anything new really, I mean we did say that we have one that's shipping day in the first quarter, which lowers our overall organic growth rate by mathematically 1.5%. We do not have that headwind in Q2, so I don't know if that helps you in terms of what Q2 might look like. That’s probably the best I can give you.
David Raso: Okay. I appreciate it. Just if you do 0%, 2% then it's 3.5%, 2.5%, it feels a little bit better than 0%... 
Michael Larsen: Yes. David, keep in mind that 1.5% in Q1 that mathematically we lose from one less day. We get that back in Q3.
David Raso: Exactly. I just want to make sure we weren't starting second quarter at one or less, so it just gets more challenging. But I appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Scott Santi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Yes, thank you, Sheryl. We've run a bit over. If you have any other questions or follow-up, please reach out to me today and thank you for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc. Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc. Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.
Analysts: Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Hello, and welcome to ITW's 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Ian and I will be your event specialist today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. Please note that today's conference is being recorded. At the end of today's presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session It is now my pleasure to turn today's program over to Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, the floor is yours.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Ian. Good morning and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2018 conference call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; along with Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss third quarter financial results and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. Slide number 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the fourth quarter and full year 2018 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2017 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Form 10-Qs for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Turning to slide 3. Today, we're announcing the date and location for ITW's Investor Day. We hope you can join us on Friday, December 7 in New York City, at which time we'll provide updates on our long-term strategy as well as guidance for 2019. If you plan to attend, we ask that you please register on our Investor website. Moving on to slide 4, as a reminder, in the third quarter of 2017, we disclosed an $80 million favorable legal settlement. This table summarizes key financial measures on a GAAP basis and on an adjusted basis that excludes the legal settlement. Going forward, in our presentation this morning, our comments and variances exclude the legal settlement. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thanks, Karen, and good morning, everyone. The ITW team delivered a solid quarter with 11% earnings growth and EPS at the high end of our guidance range. We improved operating margin by 30 basis points to 24.6% and increased free cash flow by 17%. In the quarter, pricing actions more than offset material cost inflation on a dollar-for-dollar basis and price/cost-related margin percentage dilution showed sequential improvement versus the second quarter. In Q3, we delivered on our earnings commitment with top-tier margins and returns despite more challenging end-market conditions than we anticipated as we headed into the quarter in a few places. North America remained solid with 4% organic growth, while demand in international markets was mixed as auto production in Europe and China and demand levels in several international markets served by our Specialty Products and Polymers & Fluids segments softened. Michael will walk you through the details in a few minutes, but at a high level, the pullback in auto production in Europe and China and the softening that we saw in the two segments I mentioned internationally negatively impacted the company's overall organic growth rate by approximately 2 percentage points in Q3 versus what it would have been had demand in those sectors stayed even the second quarter run rates. In addition, and as expected, ongoing Product Line Simplification activities reduced organic growth by 70 basis points in the quarter. Our proprietary business model continues to generate strong free cash flow with 116% conversion in the quarter, supporting our ability to raise our dividend 28% to an annualized $4 a share and repurchased $500 million of our shares in the third quarter. While we expect that near-term market challenges will continue in the fourth quarter, we're narrowing our guidance range and reaffirming the midpoint of our 2018 EPS guidance at $7.60 per share, which represents 15% growth. Our ability to deliver consistent strong results across a wide range of economic and end-market scenarios is a direct reflection of the resilience of our high-quality diversified business portfolio, the strength of ITW's proprietary business model and our team's focused execution of ITW's long-term strategy. Before I turn the call over to Michael to provide more detail on the quarter, I'd like to again thank our more than 50,000 ITW colleagues around the world for their efforts in executing our strategy and serving our customers with excellence each and every day. Michael, over to you?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thanks, Scott. Let's recap some of the highlights on slide 5. Year-over-year earnings growth in the quarter was 11% or 13%, excluding $0.03 of unfavorable currency translation impact. Despite the more challenging end-market conditions in a few places that Scott talked about, we delivered earnings per share of $1.90, at the high end of our guidance range. Organic revenue growth increased a solid 4% in North America, offset by a 1% decline in Europe and a 2% decline in Asia-Pacific. China was down 2% in the quarter, but we remain on track for mid-single-digit growth in 2018 after being up 13% last year. Operating margin was 24.6%, an improvement of 30 basis points year-over-year and versus the second quarter. I will go into more detail on margin on the next slide. After-tax return on invested capital was 28%, an improvement of 400 basis points, resulting primarily from the new U.S. tax rules and regulations. Effective tax rate in the quarter was 23.7% due to a net discrete tax benefit of $15 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was strong at $743 million, an increase of 17%, and in the quarter, we repurchased $500 million of our shares and raised our annual dividend 28%. Moving to slide 6 and our operating margin. Operating margin at 24.6% was a new record when you exclude the favorable legal settlement last year. Our strong execution on Enterprise Initiatives continue to contribute in a meaningful way with 100 basis points in the quarter. Our price actions are catching up to raw material cost inflation as price/cost margin dilution impact in the third quarter improved to 60 basis points from 70 basis points in the second quarter. And in addition, price more than offset raw material costs on a dollar-for-dollar basis this quarter. The other line includes a numbers of puts and takes, year-over-year including some growth investment impact and is in line with our normal run rate this quarter as a 30 basis point impact to margin. All-in, operating margin expanded by 30 basis points in the quarter to 24.6%. I'm going to spend some time on the left side of slide 7 to provide additional color on the organic growth performance relative to our expectations heading into the third quarter. It comes down to three key drivers, all of them related to international end-markets that collectively reduced our organic growth rate by 2 percentage points. The first one is our international Automotive OEM business as both European and Chinese auto production came in lower than expected. European auto production declined 5% in the quarter, following 4% growth in the second quarter. Based on what we're hearing, this was due primarily to the new emission regulations that went into effect in the quarter and lower exports to China. Overall, this change in builds led to a 6% decline in our auto business in Europe, following 3% growth in the second quarter. Auto production in China was down 4%, following 11% growth in the second quarter. This change appears to be more related to overall consumer sentiment and the availability of financing. As a result, our China business, which was up 12% in the first half, was flat. We experienced some softness in a few international end markets served by our Polymers & Fluids segment. Specifically in Europe, additives for automotive aftermarket and reagents experienced lower demand, as did our Polymers & Fluids division in Brazil. Overall, the international component of our Polymers & Fluids segment declined 5% in Q3 in contrast with our North American business, which was up a solid 3%. Finally, the international component of our Specialty Products segment was down 7% after being down 2% in Q2. There were significant PLS activities this quarter in addition to demand declines versus Q2 levels in three divisions; marking and coding, graphics primarily for sports apparel, and appliance components. That said, as you can see from the left of the slide, there were some bright spots too internationally. Welding accelerated to 12% growth with a solid recovery in oil and gas, after 1% growth in Q2. Test & Measurement and Electronics and Food Equipment, both had sequential organic growth increases of 2 full percentage points. Let's walk through each segment for additional color, starting with Automotive OEM on the right side of the slide. Overall, organic growth was flat with builds down about 3% for North America, Europe and China combined. North America was strong, up 7%, 5 percentage points ahead of builds with solid penetration gains. As I mentioned, Europe was down 6%, in line with builds, and China was flat versus builds down 4%. We continue to generate solid penetration gains with European Auto OEM customers. However, inventory reductions to adjust for lower forecasted build rates offset these penetration gains, resulting in our revenues essentially declining in line with European auto rates in Q3. Despite some of the price challenges in the Automotive segment that we've discussed on prior calls, Automotive was able to hold margins on a year-over-year basis. And if it wasn't for higher restructuring expense related to acquisition integration, margins would actually have improved year-over-year. Moving on to slide 8, Food Equipment was a bright spot, with organic revenue growth of 4% as overall demand continued to accelerate from the first half of the year. North America, overall, was up 4% with equipment up 6%, and up 10% excluding the retail sector, which remains challenging due to lower customer investments and a tough comp from a major international rollout in 2017. We saw particular strength on the institutional side, up in the mid-teens as health care was up 20%-plus and education and lodging were both up 10%-plus. International was also solid, up 3% on equipment and up 4% on service. Operating margin of 26.6% was up more than 100 basis points sequentially from Q2 and down slightly year-over-year due to unfavorable product mix. Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue was up 3%. Test & Measurement was strong up 7% with Instron up double digits. Electronics slowed slightly due to lower demand in end markets related to solar and consumer electronics, while semiconductor remains fairly stable. Operating margin improved by 60 basis points to 24.7%, a new record for the segment. On slide 9, Welding had another strong quarter with 10% organic growth and really strong performance across the board. Global equipment grew 12% and consumables were up 9%. By region, North America was up 10% and international growth was up 12%. The industrial business and oil and gas were both up double digit and the commercial business grew in the high-single digits. Margin expanded by 160 basis points to 28.2%. As we discussed, Polymers & Fluids organic growth was down 1 point despite solid 3% growth in North America. New product launches in auto aftermarket contributed to organic growth and margin gains in North America. Operating margin improved by more than 100 basis points. Turning to slide 10. Construction delivered 1% organic growth in the quarter, as Europe led the way with 4% organic growth. North America was essentially flat with residential down 1 point on a tough comparison and inventory destocking. Recall that residential was up 7% in the third quarter last year. Underlying demand in residential remains solid as the business is up 4% on a year-to-date basis and the outlook for Q4 looks in line with that growth rate. Commercial was solid too, up 5% and operating margin improved 40 basis points. As we talked about in Specialty, organic growth slowed on the international side. But there were also some real bright spots with 5% growth in consumer packaging, up 6% year-to-date and 7% growth in packaging equipment. Overall, packaging equipment is up 12% year-to-date. On a year-to-date basis, the segment is about flat, which is also our outlook for the year as the comps are challenging in Q4. Moving on to slide 11 with an update on raw material costs and tariffs. We continue to make good progress on price/cost as our ongoing price actions are catching up to raw material cost inflation as pricing dollars are ahead of cost dollars in a meaningful way and the margin dilution impact is stabilizing. We continue to view the tariff impact as manageable and are adjusting pricing as necessary to offset the approximately $30 million impact in 2018. As we talked about in the last call, our exposure is significantly mitigated by our produce where we sell strategy and the fact that only 2% of ITW's spend is sourced from China. For 2019, we estimate the impact of tariffs at around $60 million, which is based on all announced tariffs and tariff increases as well as any carryover from 2018. And we continue to expect that our pricing actions will continue to offset raw material cost inflation, including tariff impact on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Let's go to slide 12 and guidance, we remain on track to deliver our full year EPS guidance midpoint of $7.60 despite some of the challenges we've talked about today. Our midpoint represents 15% earnings growth year-over-year. And as you saw, we narrowed the EPS range to $7.55 to $7.65 per share. In 2018, as we have for the last five-plus years, we will continue to expand our already best-in-class operating margins, returns on capital, and free cash flows. For the year, we expect revenue growth of 3% to 4% with organic growth of 2% to 3%, and operating margins in the 24% to 25% range. Enterprise Initiatives contributed more than 100 basis points again this year. We are planning to repurchase approximately $2 billion of our own shares in 2018 and our tax rate for the year is expected to be in the 25% range. Our Q4 EPS guidance is $1.78 to $1.88, up 8% year-over-year, with organic growth in the 1% to 2% range based on current levels of demand. Looking forward, we remain well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated results across a wide range of macroeconomic and end-market scenarios as we leverage and diversified high-quality business portfolio, the strength of ITW's proprietary business model, and our team's ability to execute. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day on December 7. At that time, we'll discuss the details of our finish the job agenda as we work to get the remainder of our divisions to their full potential in terms of organic growth and continue to improve on our best-in-class operating margins, returns on capital, and free cash flow over the next two years. Karen, back to you.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Ian, let's go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe just kind of starting out, just a clarification on the Auto OEM growth. So, saw organic growth was down 5% this quarter. When I do the regional builds, the plus 7% North America, minus 6% Europe, flat China, something just – I don't know, the math isn't really working out for me. A bit curious, like, are you guys disproportionately greater in Europe than you are in North America? I thought North America was a larger geography.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: So, I don't know what data you're looking at Joe, but we are overweight in North America, followed by Europe and then China.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Yeah – and okay. Maybe I can follow-up offline. It's just that the minus 5% number versus the regional builds looks a little bit odd. I guess maybe just sticking with organic growth for a second. If you think about the fourth quarter, 1% to 2%, pretty similar to 3Q. But the comps get tougher on a 2-year basis, I guess just from an underlying perspective, what do you guys expect to be better in 4Q versus 3Q?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. Joe, so we just hit a $1.90 EPS. The midpoint for Q4 is $1.83. The revenue is expected to be fairly similar at current levels of demand. The mix is going to be a little bit better by segment. So, some of our higher margin businesses such as Food, Specialty Products should improve.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Construction.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: And Construction and even Polymers & Fluids, their growth rates should improve in Q4 relative to Q3, offset by Auto which is really at this point one of the lower-margin businesses inside the company. So, that's really on the revenue side, 1% to 2% organic. We expect to expand margins year-over-year, as we've done every quarter this year. Price/cost turned positive on a dollar basis in Q3 versus neutral for the first half. Currency headwind is a little bit lower in Q4 than in Q3. The share count's a little bit lower. The tax rate's a little difficult to call. There's some new guidance expected here in Q4. But overall, we've got a solid path here to our guidance. And I may be just point to our track record over the last five years.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just maybe specifically, just on organic growth for Auto OEM in the fourth quarter. Are you expecting that to improve at all in 4Q versus 3Q?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: If anything, we expect it to get a little bit worse than Q3.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Good enough. I'll get back in queue. Thanks, guys.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Just taking your comments there on revenue Q4 versus Q3, and knowing the way that you guys guide, kind of at your current run rate. That would imply that 2019 revenue would come in around $14.4 billion, if I just took Q4 and multiplied it by 4, which you know...
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: You mean for 2018, Ann, or – you said 2019, you mean 2018?
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, I was going to start like in a 2019, because you'll guide for that in December. But my point being that that would be well below your long-term target of 3% to 5% organic growth. I mean, is that – am I missing something or is that the way we should be thinking about it that the fourth quarter run rate will be what you build off of for organic growth for next year? Or is there anything new or different?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Too early to say. We're going through our planning process right now. And so, we'll update you in December in terms of our view on a go-forward basis. But beyond the macro, we are working on, as we have been for the last five years, repositioning of our businesses really on two levels as we've talked about for a while now. One is that we've got a lot of work to do in terms of operational excellence reapplying 80/20. And once we get there, getting those businesses to leveraging their growth potential – realizing their organic growth potential, we're today at about 50% there in terms of the divisions that I would say have – are operating sort of within the range of their potential, both from the standpoint of 80/20 and from the standpoint of their organic growth, where the combined organic growth year-to-date of those 51% of our divisions is about 7.5% year-to-date. So, part of our growth over next year is certainly beyond the macro is the continued improvement in the underlying performance of those other 49% of our businesses. We're going through the planning process now. So, there's a number of different things beyond just the macro that are going to affect our organic growth rate. But I think we're pretty encouraged by the progress that we've generated in the 50% of the divisions that are largely there. And as I said, 7.5% year-to-date on a combined basis is pretty good and speaks a lot to the potential to continue to move down that path at the entire company level.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's useful color. I didn't realize there were so many still to be realized, just with the potential. And just a follow-up on, you noted that in Food Equipment margin was down on mix. Is that because it was more equipment and less service? Is that the right way to think about that? And then, what's the outlook there for the mix?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: It's really more related to what's going on, on the retail side of the business being down in a pretty significant way.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And the outlook there for retail continued weakness?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Certainly, in the near term, we don't expect any improvement on the retail side here...
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Through Q4.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: ...through Q4. I think when you look at the balance of the year, the momentum going into Q4 in food specifically looks good. We'd expect a slight improvement in the growth rate in Q4 relative to Q3. And I'd just point, margins, you're right, the mix did have an impact on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially, they were up over 100 basis points.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there and get back in queue. I appreciate the color.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz, Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Scott or Michael, can you give us a little more color into your margin performance in terms of the sustainability of that performance into 2019? Again, I know you'll talk about this more in December. But if I look at the quarter, enterprise strategy tailwind was still solid, and volume was a little less of a tailwind. But the other headwind was half of what it was last quarter. I know you didn't break out growth this time. Price versus cost is a little better. So as you look in 2019, do you have decent visibility at this point that your enterprise strategy could still be a 50 basis point to 100 basis point tailwind? You already talked about price versus cost and that other doesn't creep back up, so you still see good margin expansion next year.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Andy, it's a little early here. We haven't gone through the plans for 2019 yet. Just on other specifically, this is kind of our normal run rate, if go back and look where – it's in that 20 basis points to 30 basis points range, may move around a little bit, but I think that's a pretty safe assumption on a go-forward basis. At Investor Day, we'll lay out specifically the finish the job agenda. And what we're trying to accomplish for the next two years, including continued margin expansion, and as we've said in the past, we certainly expect a positive impact from the Enterprise Initiatives next year. But I can't give you the number as we sit here, simply because we haven't gone through the plans and we haven't looked at the projects and activities and the carryover that will get us to a solid number for 2019.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: But we'll lay it out in December.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Right.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, Michael, that's helpful. And just the comment that you just made about 50% of the businesses still have potential for pivot to growth. I guess my understanding was that 2018, for you kind of was a pivotal year for you guys in terms of this pivotal – pivot to growth. And when we think about what growth is going to come in at for this year, it's probably going to be less than 2017. And again, I know that some of the markets have turned down. But when you look at businesses like Construction or Specialty Products, Polymers & Fluids, how much of the – in growth weakness is maybe that these businesses aren't performing yet to the potential that they can versus just simple market weakness?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, it's certainly some of both. I think what I can tell you is that inside the company, this is not a sector issue in terms of Polymers & Fluids versus Automotive, or any of our other segments. This is 87 divisions that operate inside in each of those seven segments and we're at about the 51%, as I said earlier, in terms of businesses that are both operating at the level of excellence that they're capable of from an operational standpoint, application of 80/20, and are driving organic growth at a range that is within what we believe their potential is. And the other 50%, we've got more work to do. And those are pretty equally spread across all seven segments, so there's no particular tilt. I certainly expect that we would have put some better overall progress on the board have we not had auto pullback, like it's pulling back in the second half of the year. It's been our fastest-growing segment. So, we're giving up a little bit in the near term. But our focus is on getting this company to its full potential. We think we've got about two years left to run in terms of getting all the way there. I don't want to steal the story from December, but that's what Michael's alluding to and we've got plenty of more room to go on both from an operational margin standpoint, and certainly, we've got to get the other 49% of our divisions moving faster on organic. And it's not that they have under-executed, it's that they've started from further back, they've had more work to do to get there. And I think – our plan at this point is to tell you that in some pretty specific detail at the December Investor Day. So, you'll have a good view of what we think (30:33) and what the processes will look like over the next couple of years to do it.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Scott, real simply, do you think that 2019, you could actually have more outperformance versus market than 2018? Is that sort of the plan as we sit here today?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think, give us a chance to run through all the operating plans. We're right in the middle of that process now. I don't mean to be evasive at all. But I think the December Investor Day is in December for a reason, because it gives us a chance to go through in detail. But what I would say is, we will have a plan for, of the 49% of our divisions that are not there yet, how many of them are we going to get there in 2019 and what kind of help that's going to provide.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just curious, how are you going to think about the IHS forecast into next year's initial – into initial 2019 guide for auto? I mean, they continue to forecast 2% global production growth in 2019, I believe. I mean with China up 4%, the U.S. kind of flattish, Europe up a little bit. So, I mean, you can't help but wonder, obviously, if there's downward bias based on all the profit warnings we're seeing in the global auto space. So, are you going to abandon pegging your outlook to IHS and take a more conservative approach or how are you going to think about that?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I think certainly over the last couple of quarters, the facts are that the backward look IHS in terms of what production actually was is pretty good. The forward looks have not been so good. So, obviously, we're going to think – we'll probably take a more ITW-specific view based on own experience as we think about 2019 for auto.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. And then in Test & Measurement, I think last quarter you had attributed some of the slowdown in organic to delivery timing. But the organic seem to slow down even further. Was there an underlying slowdown that was stronger than expected in any of your business? And there certainly seems to be a lot of negative headlines on semis. You said your semi-related business was stable. So, could you still have a softening there still ahead of you or are you just positioned in a part of the market that's going to be immune from some of these broader pressures?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, I think semi, as we said, was fairly stable here in Q3, which means positive growth, although at a lower rate than what we've seen in the first half of the year. That was as expected. We do expect it to slow a little bit further here in Q4 and that's included in our guidance. The other thing to keep in mind for Test & Measurement is you're running up against a difficult comp here in Q4. On a year-over-year basis, that segment was up 9% last year. And even though Test & Measurement was up 7% with a lot of strength in Instron here in Q3, the growth rate year-over-year is probably going to slow a little bit, just based on the comp. But the underlying demand trends in Test & Measurement and Electronics broadly are very solid.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. And just the last one on Polymers & Fluids. I mean some of the global peers in that market seem to be getting squeezed pretty hard by raw material cost, but your margins actually surprise to the upside. I mean, is there a cost pressure still on the comm in that segment? Or do you think you've just adjusted prices faster than anybody else?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I can't really comment on everybody else. I can tell you what we're doing. We are seeing a fair amount of cost pressure, other than auto, it's the second highest in terms of price/cost impact. But they've done a great job really reacting on the pricing side and more than offsetting those cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: And as we said before, we don't hedge so we have been incurring those costs as they are happening.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's a good point. I mean relative to others, and this is true, and maybe to expand a little bit is, not just on raw materials, but also on currency, because we do not hedge currency and raw material costs, maybe they show up faster at ITW and gives our businesses a real-time view of what's going on and then they can react maybe faster on the pricing side. So...
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch, Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Going back, Michael, to the semi exposure, can you just remind us how much of Test, Measurement, Electronics is semi? And I think to that last question, is there something about the nature of your exposure that's allowed you to outperform?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: It's about $200 million. I can't really comment specifically on why we're outperforming. Like I said, we've certainly benefited from strong growth over a long period of times. The growth rate slowed a little bit here in Q3, as expected. And we expect it to slow a little bit further here in Q4. How that compares to everybody else, I'm not sure I can give you a good view.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: No, no. That's fine. So, auto's – globally, you guys continue to outperform in North America and China. Last couple of quarters you've had slightly below build average results in Europe. And I'm wondering is that tied to the WLTP emission stuff with respect to your portfolio, are you positioned – like, are you doing to some PLS work there, which is what may be or may not be going on in Europe?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think, John, it's more related to the fact that sort of inventory levels are getting adjusted to these lower build rates. We have a lot of confidence based on new programs that we've added and are continuing to add that we are still getting penetration gains in Europe, and it's just a matter of those are being offset by our customers pulling inventory down. Their requirements are less because they're producing less. But you'll see it go back to positive, certainly, over the next couple of quarters depending on how – where the overall production rates go.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Yes. No, that makes sense. Maybe one more. So, thinking about Polymers & Fluids and then Specialty, other aspects of your portfolio over the last few years have grown more rapidly than these businesses, pretty strong performance, relatively strong competitive positionings. And then as Europe's obviously softened, you've got elements of these portfolios on, I think, the consumable side weakening. So, I'm curious, Scott, does this – it's one of those things where they – I'm sure they're all good businesses, but they're not necessarily performing as resiliently as some of your other segments. Does this suggest that maybe there's a lot more PLS work to do or, perhaps, even may be make some select divestitures on, I don't know, some of these consumable elements of both of those segments.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I think what I can say for sure is, in both cases, for slightly different reasons, they are – the starting point, it was certainly further back in the pack in terms of just the kind of complexity. Polymers & Fluids was a complete acquisition built segment. So, we just had a lot more – we've had a lot more stuff to deal with there in terms of getting them positioned to do what we've been capable of. That's sort of where I sit today, I think we've got another couple of years to get this whole company where we think it can be. And in those two, I'd say, parts of Specialty and a lot of Polymers & Fluids, it's just a matter of the starting point was further back, if you will, in terms of making the kind of transformation that we're in the process of making. Both are highly differentiated. Look at the margin rates, they're really solid, positions inside some really strong niches. So, I think we like the competitive position, overall, but they have to grow faster, there's no doubt.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Well, maybe...
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: And if we determine that they can't at some point, then I think your logic is not unreasonable. But I think we've got some more room to go before we are ready to make a call on that.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Maybe just one last one on that point. Is there any kind – I realize there's a lot of niche business in here. Is any of this pertaining to scale? So, in other words, maybe instead of looking at divestitures, maybe it might make sense to add to those portfolios in some manner to beef-up scale to kind of push it further over the goal line, if you will? Again, it's...
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think, all of that, across the whole portfolio, is stuff – those are sort of options that are certainly both valid and really interesting. I think, just given the level of performance, the profitability, and what we think the core growth potential is, I think, what – our focus is – let's get what we have in full potential position and not try to fix our problems. Let's address it with the businesses by operating the business we own to their full potential. And from that view then, we can look at how we might supplement or perhaps organize ourselves differently.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Yeah. Makes perfect sense. Thanks very much.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann, Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications, if I might. I guess, we had a little bit of sequential improvement in sort of the price/cost headwind on margins. And I assume your goal is still to sort of fully offset that over time. Is the 10 basis point sequential improvement the right way to think about kind of the path to get there or can you do it more quickly?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think what's encouraging is that the margin impact, specifically year-over-year, seems to have stabilized. And certainly, it's encouraging to see an improvement in Q3 relative to Q2. This is not going to be a quick fix. I mean, we do expect, between raw materials and tariffs, we're going to have to continue to work the price lever, which we are. And the other piece of the equation is, we were favorable, price dollars were significantly higher than the cost dollars here in Q3, relative to the first half where were neutral. So, that's – when we talk about things beginning to improve, that's really what we're talking about. But obviously, we're in a pretty dynamic environment here in terms of raw material costs and tariffs. And I just want to be a little bit cautious in terms of saying that all of this is all behind us. We're going have to continue to work this really hard, but certainly encouraged by what we've seen here in the near term.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks, Michael. And then, just a quick follow-up, and I apologize to keep beating on Auto. But I think you had mentioned in your comments that there was a fair amount of restructuring and integration expense. And I think you said margins would have been up without that. And I'm just curious sort of where are we in that process. How long does that continue? As we get further down the road, when does that headwind sort of fade, if it does?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. We're making really good progress there. We're in the year three of basically a five-year process, and we're talking specifically about EF&C that we added.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Right.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: And so, the things are certainly progressing, I would say, at this point, ahead of plan. It's a great business. We've added some great team members and progress is really good. And I think some of the quarterly timing in terms of restructuring is also – I don't think it's a particularly big headwind for margin in auto on an annual basis. It does jump out in the quarter based on timing of when we're actually implementing certain things. And I think that was probably more of the case.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think that the impact in Q3 here was 40 basis points. We laid out a plan, Steve – 5-year plan to get margins to 20% and really a steady 200 basis points improvement every year. And that's what we've delivered so far. But it's not a one-time, it's really more of an ongoing program. No rush to do this, but we're definitely on the right track here.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. And then, just one final knit, if I could. The destocking that you're seeing in European auto, I guess, we had sort of heard through the channel that that was somewhat short term in nature. And I guess, you're sort of saying that's going to continue. But at some point, I suppose that that headwind goes away as well.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, we think – from what we're hearing, the biggest factor is new emission standard, and there has been a lot of, let's call them, bottlenecks in terms of our customers getting their vehicles through that process. And to the extent, I – it's not something that we control, nor is it something that we have either direct input from our customers on or a point of view in terms of where that bottleneck clears and things, let's say, normalize. But that was a big factor in Europe in terms of the reduction – the decline in production in Q3. That's certainly going to continue to be there in Q4. We will hope to have a look into 2019 by December in terms of – at least, give you our view of how that will play out. And the other part of Europe was also the softer demand in China. The fair amount of auto production in Europe is exported to China and, ultimately, have demand there. There being China on a go-forward basis will also have an impact. But right now, we're calling this Q4 and we're not expecting any change.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey, Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I'm trying to understand some of the patterns that seem to be appearing in the results on that, it seems a little sporadic by region, but industrial seems like it's reasonably strong, but some of the consumer-oriented stuff seems to be softening. Is that consistent with how you're looking at the portfolio? And if so, outside of international auto, can you talk about whether you're seeing any of your channel partners destock?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: We talked a little bit about destocking on the Construction side, really into the big-box retailers here in Q3. That's really more of a near-term impact. You're correct, I mean, the industrial side continues to be very solid. And then, on the consumer side, we are seeing some slightly lower growth rates on a year-over-year basis. I think on a geographic basis, like we talked about, I mean, North America continues to be really solid, up in the mid-single digits year-to-date and for the year. And really, what changed here in Q3 versus Q2 is what we talked about in terms of the international side of the business. Now when you look at it by geography, it's hard to say that there are any real trends.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: It's pretty narrow in terms of the impact that we saw in auto and a couple of spots and pockets.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: It's a couple of pockets of – offset by strength in other pockets. So, we're not making any regional calls here in terms of what's going on from a macro standpoint. We saw some challenges in a few end markets, but there was also strength in other markets in that same region. So, we're not making a region call here.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, separately, on Food Equipment, within your prepared remarks, you mentioned retail was weak. Can you give a little bit more color on that?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. So, I'd rather not go into too much detail here. I'm sorry, Andy. I mean, what I can tell you is it's been pretty challenged for a year now. The comps are going to get easier, but really last year we saw the beginning of a slowdown in investment...
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: This is grocery stores.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: ...in grocery stores, as it relates to our products around – these are scales, weigh/wrap equipment. We also had a major new roll out of product last year that didn't repeat this year. And we'll see when we do the plans here in a couple of weeks with the Food Equipment team what to expect for next year. But for Q4, in the near term here, we're expecting that things do not get better on the retail side. And it's really a strength outside of retail what we call foodservice on the equipment side, particularly on the institutional side, where our business is up in the mid-teens with a lot of strength, as we talked about, on the healthcare, education, lodging, those trends certainly look really good.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And if I could squeeze a clarification, and that 2019 $60 million headwind from tariff impact, does that include the anticipated 25% List 3 increase next year?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yes, it does.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis, Melius Research. Your line is open.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Hello?
Operator: Scott Davis, your line is open.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Want to move? Next call?
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Beth, let's take the next call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre, Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay, Beth, keep moving.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Can you hear me?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Hey, there. Okay, good. Go ahead.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. It's working. Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. One, John sort of asked you about portfolio optimization, either divestures or acquisitions, whether you need scale or – to help the organic growth story. But how much is the macro sort of impacting your view of being more opportunistic on the M&A front, if multiples come down at all? And then, my second question, just clarification. I think you said in response to one of the questions, in the fourth quarter, sequentially, you expect Polymers and – P&F and the Specialty division to improve sequentially, just was there anything specific driving that? Thank you.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I'll take the first one and I'll let Michael take the second one. And I, again, don't mean to be evasive, but I think in December we'll give you a fulsome update on our thinking with regard to portfolio and how we're thinking about it and how we will go forward.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yes. And specifically on the Polymers & Fluids and Specialty, our guidance is based on the current level of demand, current run rates in those businesses. We've factored in the comps on a year-over-year basis. And based on that, the year-over-year organic growth rate in Q4 is expected to be better than the equivalent in Q3. So, there's nothing specific other than based on current run rates, factoring in the comps.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then just follow-up question. Some other companies or investors have been concerned that with trade war talk, et cetera, and price increases that there has been any sort of pull forward in the demand, which is why some companies might be seeing good strength in the beginning of the year, and then things sort of deteriorating in the back half. I mean, do you get a sense for any of that as you can you talk to your customer base?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No. We're a book and bill. I mean, you order it today, we ship it tomorrow. We've not seen any pull forward that I can think of. I'm sort of running my head through the portfolio here. In fact, we've sort of given our delivery performance incentive by the opposite.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss, Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, guys. How is it going?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wonder, is there any – you guys have been at this a long time. Are there any signals from your earlier cycle businesses that give you any sort of insight into what could be happening in the later cycle businesses further down the road?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I can't really – we're looking at each other here and shaking our heads. We can't really think of anything, Joel, in terms of short cycle being leading indicator. Like we said, this was – other than auto and a few end markets internationally in the two segments we talked about, the performance is pretty good. And we're certainly not seeing anything that underlying demand trends are beginning to slow here.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Good. And then can we just spend a minute going through the different pieces inside the Construction business? We haven't talked about that very much. You mentioned big-box retail was destocking a little bit, but can you just talk about some of the other trends you're seeing there, please?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yes. I think that was really the big one that we called out. I mean I think, overall, 1% organic growth in the quarter. Europe really good, up 4%. Australia may be slowing just a little bit. In North America, the residential side was down and that's really more of a comp issue. We had – there's the hurricane impact in Q3.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: It was a factor this year versus last.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. So hurricane impact last year, business was up 7%. Sequentially, on a run-rate basis, the underlying demand is still very good. The business is up 4% on a year-to-date basis. Q4 looks to be in line with that and the full year should be up in that 4% to mid-single digit range on the residential side. Commercial is a smaller part of our business. It can be a little lumpy. It's been flattish for a while here. We're up 5% in the quarter. I wouldn't get too excited about that, to be honest with you. I mean I think this is a more of a low-single digit type growth rate on the commercial side. And even with this slowdown, some pressure on the cost side, the fact that the business improved operating margin 40 basis points is pretty good.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Great. Thank you.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Steven Fisher, UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Talking about international Welding, some nice strength there. Can you just talk about where that strength internationally is coming from, which markets and what visibility you have to kind of continuation of that?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I think really what we saw was a pickup. So, most of our international businesses, as you remember, is oil and gas related. So, we saw a pretty nice recovery. Europe up 10%, a little bit more than that, 11% in the quarter, on the Welding side. China up 15%. So, the majority of that is really driven by oil and gas, which overall was up double digits. You saw the pickup also in consumables, I think up 12% in the quarter here. So, those are kind of the big – and just in terms of the sustainability, we haven't seen anything to suggest that things are slowing.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then, in terms of organic growth fourth quarter, kind of number of positive segments versus the number of negative. Obviously, we had a few, three that turned to the negative side in Q3. And as you've talked about, some of the comps get tougher in Q4. Anyway that – and we can also get to that 1% to 2% organic growth for the fourth quarter in a variety of different ways, though, I'm just curious if you think the number of segments that are going to be negative in the fourth quarter are going to be more than what we've seen here in the third quarter?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: We expect it to be less, and it's really just – the one that stands out is Auto, even though Auto was about flat this – here in Q3. In our guidance and based on what we're seeing, we're planning for a little bit worse in that segment. The other segments should be positive. And for the full year, even Auto is going to be very close to positive in all segments, even including Auto.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Terrific. Thank you.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Deblase, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: If I could just ask a little bit of a more detailed question around price/cost. So, just compared to the headwind that you guys have had over the past several quarters, what's the expectation that's baked into the fourth quarter guidance?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: So, we're assuming pretty similar Q4 to what we saw in Q3. It's like we said earlier, I mean, on the cost side, this is a pretty dynamic environment. Even though certain of the raws may, looking back, have stabilized, there are others where that's not the case. And so, it's hard to call, but we're expecting that Q4 is similar to Q3. And I think that's, hopefully, a pretty conservative assumption, but it's hard to tell.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then, on Specialty Products, that was kind of a big negative surprise for us this quarter. If you could just give us some color on what drove the pretty big swing to the organic decline and if that continues into the fourth quarter?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, it was really the three divisions internationally that we talked about, so the marking and coding business, the graphics business, and then the appliance business, which – so we sell components into appliance customers. And then, a fair bit of PLS as well, particularly on the international side. So, those were the key drivers. I think what's – it masks a little bit of this really solid performance on the consumer packaging side, which – up 5%, the equipment side up 7%.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Which is the biggest in the segment.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Right. And so, it was really just a couple of divisions on the international side that drove the negative organic growth rate here in Q3.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Beth, we're at the end of the hour. Why don't we take maybe one more and we'll end the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just to follow-up quickly on the last question on price/cost and how that layers in from here? I get that 4Q maybe doesn't look a lot different, but tariffs ramp up again to start the year. Is there a potential for that 60 basis points to actually get a little worse before it gets better? I'm not trying to put too finer point on or getting to 2019 guidance. It's just kind of an earmark date on the calendar that I want to understand a little bit better.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, Josh, the best I can give you is – we gave you what we think the impact of tariffs is going to be for 2019 at that $60 million compared to $30 million this year. That's a meaningful number, but nothing insurmountable here, certainly manageable as we continue to work the price side of things. But beyond that, I can't really tell you until we've gone through the detailed plans here with everybody. Just to be clear, the $60 million includes, I think we said this earlier, List 3 increase from 10% to 25%. And so, that's an all-in number, based on what we know today, but it's a pretty dynamic environment.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: And everybody's going through it. So, the only thing I would add is that the pricing reaction of this in the marketplace has been going on all year, will continue to go on, not just by ITW, but you're hearing it from, I'm sure, all of other industrial companies that you cover. And so, I think the environment is one that, I think, we've got a good view as to how costs are going to continue to escalate in terms of what's known. We've got to continue to see and we're certainly not anticipating them to go the other way anytime soon. So I think from the standpoint of attention and focus and our ability to continue to respond as necessary and as appropriate, I think we're pretty comfortable with where we sit.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one quick one, I know we've talked a lot about destocking in European Auto, but was there any restock that you guys saw in North America Welding? I've heard some of that comment in the channel. Just curious if it impacted you at all.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No. No, we didn't see that, Josh.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Appreciate the time.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, just reach out and we're happy to help you after the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Fletcher - VP, IR  Scott Santi - Chairman, President & CEO Michael Larsen - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Raso - Evercore ISI Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for joining ITW's 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; along with Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we'll discuss second quarter financial results and update you on the outlook for the remainder of 2018. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the third quarter and full year 2018 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2017 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Form 10-Qs for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. Scott?
Scott Santi: Thank you, Karen, and good morning. ITW delivered another strong quarter, with revenue up 7% and organic growth of 4%. EPS of $1.97 was up 17% versus prior year and ahead of our expectations despite a $0.03 currency headwind versus the prior guidance. And that's a translation headwind. If you exclude the benefit from a legal settlement we received in the second quarter of last year, EPS was up 19% year-on-year. We delivered strong results on all key financial metrics, including operating income of $932 million, up 9%; operating margin of 24.3%, up 50 basis points; and after-tax ROIC at 28.7%, up 440 basis points. Underlying demand trends remained strong as evidenced by all 7 business segments in major geographies, delivering positive organic growth in the quarter. In particular, CapEx-related demand continued to spur strong organic growth in our Test & Measurement and Electronics and our Welding segments. And we saw improving growth momentum in Food Equipment, with growth 120 basis points higher sequentially versus Q1. Overall, the company delivered 4% organic growth despite 40 basis points of unfavorable impact from North American auto builds, which ended up being down 3% year-over-year versus an IHS forecast heading into the quarter that they would be up 3%. And in addition, we had 70 basis points of Product Line Simplification in the quarter. Michael will share more on -- more details a little later in the call. Overall, our teams are working to offset raw material cost increases on an ongoing basis, and through the first half, we have offset the impact of those raw material cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And we continue, despite the rising raw material cost environment, to expand margins.  Continued progress in implementing our Enterprise Initiatives contributed 110 basis points margin benefit in Q2 and in the first half as our business teams continued to apply our proprietary business model to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns. Looking ahead, we have adjusted our full year guidance to account for current foreign exchange rates, which, at the current levels, present roughly a 12% impact to the second half compared to the end of Q1 when we last updated guidance. We expect to deliver 15% EPS growth for the full year as we continue to execute well, accelerate organic growth and expand margins. We are well positioned to deliver continued strong results as we enter the second half of the year. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Michael for more detail on the quarter. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thanks, Scott. Organic revenue growth of 4% was up more than 100 basis points sequentially, and we're seeing good growth momentum across our business portfolio and in every major geography. Product Line Simplification in the quarter reduced organic growth by 70 basis points, and softer North American auto builds versus the industry forecast heading into the quarter was a 40 basis points drag on our overall organic growth rate. We add those back, we would have been right around 5% organic growth. By segment, Welding led the way as demand continued to accelerate, delivering 13% organic growth; followed by Test & Measurement and Electronics and Specialty both up 4%. Scott mentioned good sequential growth momentum in our Food Equipment business, and this was particularly evident in our North America foodservice equipment side with growth of 13% in Q2 following 7% in Q1 and a positive outlook for the second half. Earnings per share of $1.97 were $0.02 above the $1.95 midpoint of our guidance despite a $0.03 unfavorable currency translation impact. Operating margins was strong at 24.3%, up 50 basis points year-over-year, excluding the prior year legal settlement, and up 20 basis points sequentially. Free cash flow was really good at $533 million, up 38% versus prior year. And we repurchased 500 million of our shares this quarter for a total of $1 billion in the first half of 2018. Moving to Chart #4 and operating margin. Like I said, strong margin performance as operating margin continued to improve sequentially and year-over-year. Operating margin of 24.3% was up 50 basis points versus prior year when excluding last year's benefit from a legal settlement. Similar to Q1, strong execution by our teams of Enterprise Initiatives contributed 110 basis points of margin improvement. And volume leverage from higher organic growth added another 70 basis points in the quarter. Pricing actions continue across the company as we execute on our strategy to cover raw material cost inflation with price adjustments on a dollar-for-dollar basis. I'll cover this and tariffs in more detail on Slide 10. Finally, we continue to invest in CapEx and people to support and further accelerate our long-term growth strategies. These growth investments amounted to 60 basis points. Turning to Chart #5 for a look at our first half performance. We delivered strong performance with revenue up 7%, organic growth of 3% and earnings per share up 20%. All segments and major geographies contributed positive organic growth. Across the board, there was excellent operational execution with continued margin improvement as operating margin improved 70 basis points in the first half with Enterprise Initiatives, again, contributing 110 basis points. Pricing actions offset cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And we just completed the most profitable first half in the company's history and have really good growth and margin momentum heading into the second half. Let's move on to Chart #6 and segment performance. Table on the left summarizes organic growth by segment for first and second quarter. And you can see the good growth momentum we're building, with 5 out of 7 segments improving sequentially. Overall, organic growth was 4% in Q2, which, as I mentioned, includes PLS initiative impact of 70 basis points. We remain confident that we will deliver 3% to 4% organic growth in Q3 and for the full year based on current run rates. The table also shows segment operating margins for the first and second quarters with strong margin performance across the board as all segments improved sequentially, except auto where pricing actions take a little longer to take hold. Now moving to the right side of the chart and an overview of our Automotive business. Organic growth was 3%, up from 1% in Q1. Looking at the regions, our North America growth of 2% was 5 percentage points above builds, which were actually down 3% in the quarter. You'll remember that on our last earnings call, I shared that the Q2 North American build forecast from IHS was up 3%. Had North American builds been at the original forecast, our total segment growth rate would have been 1.5 percentage points higher, well above 4%. China organic growth continues to be very strong at plus 17%, 8 points above builds. And Europe was up 3%, 1 point below builds, mostly on mix and PLS in the region. Overall, in Automotive, PLS had roughly a 4 percentage point impact to organic growth in Q2. Finally, if you look across these 3 major regions, our weighted average penetration was about 250 basis points above the build rate. Margin expanded by 20 basis points, with Enterprise Initiatives and new product penetration offsetting cost inflation in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect organic growth around 3% in the second half, with margins holding steady. Moving on to Chart #7. Food Equipment organic revenue was up 2%, and on a very positive note, we continue to see a strong recovery in institutional sales, particularly in education, as foodservice equipment sales were up 13% in the quarter, partially offset by decline in retail. Operating margin of 25.4% was up 80 basis points sequentially but down year-over-year due to slightly higher restructuring in Europe this quarter versus prior year and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by the benefits from Enterprise Initiatives. Price/cost did not have a significant margin impact in Food Equipment. Looking forward, we expect the Food Equipment segment to accelerate organic growth and expand margins in the second half. Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue was up 4%; once again, particularly strong performance driven by strong CapEx spending in Test & Measurement, which was up 7%. Electronics was flat this quarter, primarily due to timing of large equipment orders in electronic assembly. Operating margin improved by 160 basis points to 23.5%. Now Chart #8. Welding's organic growth rate continued to accelerate in Q2, and the backlog for the second half is looking very good. Organic growth was 13%, with global equipment up 15% and consumables up 11%. North America was up 17% with strong demand across all end markets, including oil and gas. Margin expanded by 210 basis points to 29.3%. Polymers & Fluids, organic growth was 1% and operating margin was essentially flat despite significant cost increases tied to chemicals, silicone and resins. Chart 9. Construction delivered 2% organic growth in the quarter with North American growth of 2%, European growth of 4% and flat in Asia Pacific. 6% growth in North America residential was partially offset by declining commercial construction where we were impacted by a onetime wedge anchor product issue. Excluding this issue, commercial construction was down 5%. This segment also had a 1 percentage point impact from PLS initiatives in the quarter. Specialty organic growth was up 4% this quarter, driven by strong equipment sales that were up 23%. Operating margin was essentially flat at 28.1%. Moving on to Chart #10 with an update on raw material costs and tariffs. As we've talked about before, we continue to execute our strategy to cover cost inflation with pricing actions on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We've done that year-to-date and expect to do the same in the second half. For perspective, full year projected cost inflation, including tariff impact, represents approximately 3% of our total spend. As many of you know, our model is to source and produce where we sell. And this approach helps significantly mitigate the risk associated with tariffs. By our estimate, the impact of tariffs represent about 10% to 15% of our total projected cost inflation in 2018. In addition, only 2% of ITW's material spend is sourced from China. Our "produce where we sell" model and the very limited cross-border movement of raw materials and products certainly helps mitigate the impact from tariffs. The bottom line for ITW is that the combination of continued progress on organic growth, which is underway right now, coupled with the strength and resiliency of our business model and our high-quality business portfolio and the excellent operation execution of our teams who are delivering over 100 basis points in Enterprise Initiatives, will drive continued margin expansion and strong earnings growth in 2018. Our guidance midpoint reflects margin expansion of about 80 basis points this year, following 70 basis points realized in the first half. Let's go to Chart #11 and 2018 guidance. As mentioned, we see strength in demand trends across our segments and continued strong margin expansion from Enterprise Initiatives with clear line of sight to projects and activities that will contribute at least another 100 basis points of margin improvement again this year. While we expect raw material cost inflation to continue to impact margins in the second half, we're confident that we will offset those cost increases with price actions on a dollar-for-dollar basis, so there is no negative impact to earnings. The price/cost impact to margin is reflected in our updated operating margin guidance of 24% to 25%. Again, this is strictly a margin percentage point impact, not an earnings impact. As we always do, we've updated guidance for foreign exchange rates as we sit here today, which has a $0.12 impact in the second half versus the exchange rates in place at the time we updated guidance at the end of last quarter. As a result, for the full year 2018, we're adjusting the EPS guidance midpoint by $0.10 and expect earnings in the range of $7.50 to $7.70 per share, which represents 15% EPS growth at the midpoint versus the $6.59 underlying earnings per share in 2017. On the top line, currency is expected to be a 1 percentage point impact in Q3 and Q4 versus prior year quarters. With respect to cash, we expect free cash flow conversion to be 100% of net income or better. Through the first half, we repurchased $1 billion of our shares and now expect to repurchase an additional $500 million in the second half. As a reminder, subject to board approval in August, we plan to significantly raise our dividend as we increase ITW's dividend payout ratio to 50% of free cash flow. Today, we're also providing guidance for Q3, a range of $1.80 to $1.90 per share versus $1.71 in the third quarter 2017. As a reminder, we had a $0.14 benefit in the third quarter last year from a legal settlement. Finally, we expect organic growth of 3% to 4% based on current run rates. So to wrap up, we continue to see positive underlying demand trends across our businesses. We're well positioned to continue to deliver strong margin expansion and earnings growth in 2018. On price/cost, we continue to execute well on an effective strategy and the impact is manageable. Our guidance today reflects solid organic growth with best-in-class margins and returns, including 15% year-over-year earnings growth and strong cash flows. All in, another strong year supported by our performance at the halfway mark and our confidence in ITW's ability to continue to execute at a high level through the balance of 2018. Karen, back to you.
Karen Fletcher: Thanks, Michael. Brandon, let's go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Operator: And our first question is from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Scott or Michael, this question is going to be a bit nitpicky because we know that you have still very high margin, but it seems like there has just been a little more volatility in some of your segments' margins over the last couple quarters, arguably outside of price versus cost. So if you look at Food Equipment, you guys talked about it, but down 100 basis points year-over-year this quarter after being down last quarter. And at the company level, you cited 60 basis points of growth, investments, other, which you said was an investment in people but maybe a surprise, at least to us. You did mention more PLS in Food Equipment. Are you having to do more PLS than you thought or the investment in people you've mentioned at the company as a whole? And do you think this increased level of noise will diminish moving forward?
Michael Larsen: So there was a lot there, Andy, but I think the bottom line is that we are very close to executing the plan that we laid out at the beginning of the year. Really, the only delta that's meaningful is the price/cost equation, and that's just the margin percentage impact that we talked about. In terms of overall organic growth, margin expansion from Enterprise Initiatives continue in every segment. They're broad-based. We're not done on the Enterprise Initiatives. More to come in the second half and beyond that. So you're pointing out Food Equipment. Like I mentioned, we had slightly higher restructuring in Europe here in the quarter, about 40 basis points. And the balance really is a product mix item in Q2. But like we also said, in Food Equipment specifically, we expect, just based on the orders, the run rate, continued progress here in the back half on organic growth as well as margin expansion. On PLS, we are running at about 70 basis points here in Q2, similar to what we did in Q1. And as you know, that is completely consistent with the way we run our businesses and are really an integral part of our 80/20 operating system. And very briefly, what it does is positions us for continued acceleration in organic growth with better margins and returns. So it's absolutely the right thing to do for a little bit of headwind on the top line here in the short term.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Michael, could I just have you clarify the 60 basis points of growth investment still? Was that sort of in the plan? And you talked about adding people, where are you adding people or at least you said investment in people?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we've seen, if you look at the details, an increase in overall levels of investment really to support and further accelerate the organic growth rate. You've seen that now 4 years in a row. We're making progress on the organic growth rate up 4% here in Q2. So a portion of it is CapEx-related as well as new products. And then people is really investment in talent that can support everything we need to do to further accelerate our organic growth rate as well as continue to execute well on our Enterprise Initiatives.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it. If I could just shift gears briefly and ask you about organic growth. Last quarter, you said that you thought all of your segments would have better organic growth in Q2 than Q1. We see Test & Measurement and Construction had a little bit lower organic growth. I think you explained Construction well with the commercial construction issue in the quarter. In Test & Measurement, looks like Electronics slowed down a bit. So maybe you can talk about that segment in particular.
Michael Larsen: It's really not that significant, Andy. I mean, we -- Electronics business was flat in the quarter, really based on some timing, as I think I mentioned, on some large equipment orders. If you were to adjust for that, that's -- Electronics would have been up 4%. And then the Construction item I talked about, if you adjust for that, the Construction business would have been up in that 3% to 4% range.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So no changes to either segment for the year in terms of overall balance, would you say?
Michael Larsen: They're all, I'd say, pretty close. We talked about Automotive. We have a fairly, hopefully, conservative assumption here at 3% for the balance of the year. And then we continue to see acceleration in Welding and, hopefully, some good progress also on Food Equipment.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: So my first question, maybe just focusing on the growth investments again. I just want to understand that a little bit better. I guess if -- you guys have obviously done a great job the last few years driving strong margin expansion, good cost control. I guess the -- if you look at this line item, I think some folks will say perhaps you guys got too close to the bone and now have to reinvest in either people or CapEx. So maybe talk about that a little bit on your -- where you think you are today from a growth perspective and the investment that you need to make in the second half of the year and maybe even into 2019.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Joe, nothing -- if you look back over the last 5 years, we have continued to invest in organic growth and everything that we need to do to support an acceleration in our organic growth rates. So there's really nothing significantly different. We are seeing a -- an increase in our CapEx spend here really to support our customers, which were growing at a fairly rapid rate. So I -- and if you look at it, 60 basis points is not really that meaningful, that big a number on a dollar basis. It just happens to be something that we call out here on the margin walk.
Scott Santi: Well, and what I would add is that we have -- we're trying to be more transparent in terms of how we're investing in growth. This is not a new item this quarter. This is something we've been doing for the last 5 years. The presentation is a little different, but ultimately, these investments had been ongoing for the last 5 years. They're embedded, and when we talk about 35% long-term incrementals, those growth investments are embedded in that number. So it is not a new item that just happened this quarter. These investments have been going on for the last 5 years. We've changed the presentation a bit just to reflect, given some of what we heard about, "Are you investing enough in growth given the kind of margin and progress that you've made over the last 5 years?" So these are -- this isn't a new item. This is -- these are investments that have been taking place consistently over the last 5 years.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. That's helpful clarification, Scott. If I can maybe turn the conversation a little bit to organic growth and specifically just focus on Auto for a second. I know you've got 3% baked in for the back half. But I think this is the first quarter we've seen you guys actually under-pace global auto builds. And so maybe just talk a little bit more about what happened there specifically this quarter, that would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes, it's pretty straightforward. I mean, the global build number includes geographies where we do not have a presence or do not have a significant presence. So if you look at places like Brazil, India, even in Japan, for example. So the right way to look at this is really on a geographic basis, which is the way we laid it out in the slides and described it. And you can see North America, up 5 points of penetration gains there; in China, 8 points; Europe, some mix, and PLS activities there were slightly below. And like I said, on a weighted average basis, we are at 250 basis points, in that 2 to 4 percentage point range that we've been in for the last 4, 5 years. And based on all the projects that we booked already, we expect to remain in that range in the future.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. And, Michael, maybe one last one. The share buyback and the repatriation, I may have missed it, but did you guys give an update on how far along you are with repatriating the $2 billion that you expected this year?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we made some really good progress. We are slightly above $2 billion year-to-date and ahead of schedule. So the obvious question is, how are you going to allocate that repatriation, those cash -- those funds that have been repatriated, the little over $2 billion. So we've reduced our short-term debt about $900 million. Our share repurchases, we just took it up, the target for the year, by $500 million. We've got a dividend increase coming. If you pencil that out, that's about a $200 million increase for the year. And then we have slightly more cash on hand here in the near term. And as you know, we have some maturities coming up in the first half of '19. So really good progress. I'm very pleased with the fact that we were able to accelerate those plans and bring the funds back to the U.S.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: I'm just trying to understand the reduction to the margin outlook a little bit better. I mean, you seem to be moving forward on the Enterprise Initiatives and you continue to say you'll offset raw material costs dollar-for-dollar. So what has actually changed on a margin standpoint?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we're through the first half here, and we are updating the margin guidance now for our current view of how price/cost, again, only from a margin percentage standpoint, will impact our overall operating margins for the year. It's -- again, it's not an impact to EPS, which does not what -- you're not seeing that, you're not hearing that from us today. It's purely just a reflection of what we've seen year-to-date on price/cost and our expectations for the balance of the year. I want to just point out, we're still -- year-to-date, we've expanded margins 70 basis points for the full year. With our updated guidance here, we expect at the midpoint to expand margins 80 basis points. So that's really the only driver here, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. So just to be clear, the reduction to the margin outlook is purely -- is for price/cost. The reduction to the EPS outlook is for FX.
Michael Larsen: That is correct.
Scott Santi: Correct.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. And just back on autos. I mean, are you seeing any signs of disruption? I mean, obviously, Daimler was complaining about the trade war already having an impact on U.S. auto exports to China. And you've seen some other announcements from various auto companies. Anything going on there that you feel like is impacting your business? And can you clarify a little bit more about these tariffs making up 10% to 15% of your raw material inflation? Where specifically in the portfolio is that showing up?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think, Ross, the short answer to your question is we've not seen anything with our customers. It might be a little too early to tell. There's still some movement around what these tariffs may or may not be and for how long they may be in place. So and again, we are a "produce where we sell" company, and the impact from tariffs is significantly mitigated by that. In terms of the overall tariff impact, it's -- as a result of that, fairly small, 10% to 15% of what we project for the full year will come from tariffs. The majority of that is really related to metals, so steel and aluminum, which was the first round of tariffs. And then the China tariffs will pretty -- I'd say pretty broad-based across the portfolio but pretty small impact overall from that -- from the Section 301 tariffs.
Operator: Our next question is from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Maybe I missed it, the price/cost drag on margins, what is the number now for the year? And then also if you can give us some insight on 3Q and 4Q.
Michael Larsen: Yes. We're in that -- consistent with the first half, 60 to 70 basis points range is what we're projecting at this point.
David Raso: For each quarter?
Scott Santi: And that's the 3% price recovery on the 3% in place.
Michael Larsen: Correct.
Scott Santi: So little margin...
David Raso: But again, the cadence is similar? Third quarter, fourth quarter year-over-year drag is similar for both [indiscernible]...
Michael Larsen: Yes, it's similar. You could -- yes, it's the same assumption for Q3 and for Q4.
David Raso: The reason I ask, when I try to get to the EPS for the third quarter, the fourth quarter, you seem to be implying for the third quarter the operating margins, even adjusting for the year-ago legal settlement, the margins are flattish to down a bit. But you then need, for the fourth quarter, margins to grow over 100 basis points. And I do see the organic implied is a little faster in the fourth quarter, about 4%; third quarter, 3.5%. So maybe that explains it. But I was kind of hoping to hear on -- maybe making the guide seem easier, that the third quarter drag on price/cost was greater in the fourth quarter. There's some relief, right, some of the pricing actions take hold and the margin drag becomes a lot less. If that's not the case, can you explain why the margins in the third quarter were flat to down, but fourth quarter, they pop back up year-over-year?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we don't give margin guidance for Q3 and Q4, but the price/cost impact is modeled or estimated to be the same in Q3 and Q4. The big delta -- and I don't -- not knowing your model specifically, and so what you have to factor in is really currency. So if you look at the impact from currency in the second half of the year is negative on a year-over-year basis versus being positive in the first half. So I don't know how you've updated your model for that, but that's really the main driver here in the back half of the year.
David Raso: Okay. We can take it offline. And on Auto, when you gave the second half organic, at least the quick numbers that I ran, it implies the full year organic went down about 200 basis points. But the offsets, the other segments, the -- I mean, I would assume Welding was a big piece of it. But to make up for the 200 bps lower on Auto, I mean, ideally, if you can give us like you gave us that for the first quarter, maybe a full year organic sales number for each segment, how you're thinking about it or just...
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I'm not sure I can do that for you, David. But like I said, I think we adjusted the outlook for Auto. I think we've seen the IHS forecast may not be the most -- haven't been the most reliable data point year-to-date. And so we've put in a 3% growth rate for the back half for Auto. The acceleration really is Welding, and then like I mentioned, some improvement in Food Equipment. Those are the big ones. There's a couple of other puts and takes here, but that's really the -- those are the big drivers.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Maybe just a couple of clarifications. The -- Michael, the PLS headwind in the second half same as first half. And the cadence question as well is sort of 3Q, 4Q the same?
Michael Larsen: Yes. I would -- the same for the second half as the first half, so right around 70 basis points.
Stephen Volkmann: And again, 3Q, 4Q pretty similar?
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, great. And then just with respect to the remaining $500 million of repo, is that -- should we spread that evenly over the third and fourth quarters?
Michael Larsen: I think from a planning perspective, that's probably a good way to do it.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And then my final one, just quickly again, is on this price/cost thing. Is it your goal to just cover the dollar-for-dollar and leave it at that? Or do we think there will come a point once all the pricing is kind of through the system and everything kind of renormalizes, say, 2019, will you get back the margin as well as the dollars? Or do we just leave it at the dollars and move on?
Michael Larsen: No, I think you're raising a really good point. In the near term, what we're doing is covering dollar-for-dollar. But eventually, when we get ahead of this, this will be a positive to margins at some point. When -- we're always operating a little bit of a lag here. We see the cost increases come through. We react on pricing. And we're still, I would say, in a little bit of a catch-up mode, but we will absolutely get ahead of costs here at some point.
Scott Santi: There's roughly a one-quarter lag on average in terms of cost versus price response.
Michael Larsen: Right.
Scott Santi: And so the dollar-for-dollar, if I can say it a slightly different way, that coverage is factoring in that lag. So we're still able to cover -- minimize the EPS impact in the near term. But should the cost increases stop tomorrow, then those pricing actions will continue to carry through and have a positive impact beyond the dollar-for-dollar.
Michael Larsen: Correct, yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Just looking to clarify a comment you made on Food. As I understood it, it was Welding and Food organic expectations that ticked up to offset Auto. And I guess I'm wondering here what the thinking is because your prior guidance talked about 2% to 3% growth. Even towards the low end of your full year guidance, that would imply pretty significant acceleration in the back half versus what you've done in the front half of this year. Is there enough in your backlog or visibility to where we could be thinking that this -- that, that can grow north of 4% organically in the back half?
Michael Larsen: Are you talking about Food Equipment?
Mircea Dobre: Yes, I am.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we've got a number of things going on there. One is you saw the acceleration on the institutional side and the really strong backlog going into the second half as well as you're going to get some benefits from pricing and a number of new product launches in the back half of the year.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. So this is more sort of internally driven rather than end market-driven, that's what you're saying.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think the foodservice side is certainly improving. We don't expect the retail side to improve. And then if you just look at the comps on a year-over-year basis, they also are going to be a tailwind here in the second half.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. And then if I may go back to this question on growth investments that you've broken out in \guidance. Obviously, a new way to present this, but I guess, from my standpoint, when I'm looking at this bridge here, you typically talk about Enterprise Initiatives as well as volume, price/cost and so on. I'm looking at this and I'm interpreting this as incremental investments that are essentially offsetting Enterprise Initiatives at this point. If that's wrong, why is it wrong? And what should we expect for this growth investment drag to be going forward?
Michael Larsen: So first of all, I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate from Q2 and assume that we're going to have 60 basis points every quarter going forward. I do -- I think Scott explained very well why we're calling it out. But it also would not be a good assumption to think that the 60 basis points offset the Enterprise Initiatives. So I think really the way to think about this is unchanged relative to what we've done in prior years, which is core incrementals in a normal macro environment in that 35% range, plus the Enterprise Initiatives on top of that. That's really the way to think about this. And that's how you -- that really supports what we've been saying for a while now is that we expect margins to continue to improve from here.
Mircea Dobre: But if that is the case and growth was included in Enterprise Initiatives previously -- I don't know. To me, as I read this table, something seems to be materially different, and I guess I'll just leave it at that.
Michael Larsen: Well, we can take it offline. I don't think you're interpreting what we're saying and what's on the chart correctly.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Can we talk a little bit more about the negative mix in your PLS model that you mentioned? What specifically is that? And how should we think about that toward the back half of this year?
Michael Larsen: Well, that's really mixed with -- at this point, it becomes in terms of -- by OEM as well as by model. And so I would not read too much into that. There was -- again, it's one quarter. If you look at it historically, these penetration numbers can move around quite a bit, depending on when models kind of roll off and when new models kick in. The main driver here in terms of being slightly below the builds was really the PLS work that the team is doing.
Ann Duignan: Okay. So it's not, as we might appear, the loss of a platform or the loss of an OEM customer?
Scott Santi: No. The penetrate -- obviously, as what Michael said, the penetration numbers on a quarter -- 1-quarter basis are not good gauges. The annual numbers absolutely are. And what -- we will continue to deliver penetration gains in Europe on a full year basis this year. But things do jump around, as Michael said, in a quarter based on when a model is going up, when a new model is being launched and some of the supply chain work behind the scenes that goes on in preparing for that.
Ann Duignan: Sure. I appreciate that. And then another point of clarification. On the commercial construction side, I think you said you had a product issue. Can you talk about that and what that means and what the outlook is for the commercial construction side for the back half?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So commercial construction has kind of been flattish for a while now. We were down slightly, I think I said down 5%. When you exclude this onetime event, really limited to North America with our wedge anchor product resulting in some returns, if you adjust for that onetime event here in the quarter, Construction would have been up 3% in commercial.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then the wedge anchor problems, can you talk about those? It's sort of uncharacteristic for ITW to have quality issues, but [indiscernible].
Michael Larsen: Yes, I know. We had some inaccurate labeling on the packaging, and we had to correct for that.
Ann Duignan: Okay. So not a product quality issue?
Michael Larsen: No.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey: On Auto OEM, you mentioned second half expected to be 3% organic growth. Could you help us understand how you may be treating the impact of what appeared to be a North American supply chain disruption, not for you specifically but would have impacted some of your customers? I'm wondering how you're treating that in the outlook. Are you just extrapolating Q2 as is? Or are you including...
Michael Larsen: No. Yes, we have -- so you're right. There were some issues in Q1 that we talked about last time. There were some issues in Q2. Not specific to us, and that may be one of the reasons why the IHS forecast was off. IHS calls for North America specifically for significantly higher growth here in Q3 and Q4. We took a conservative approach here and risk-adjusted those numbers and put in a 3% growth rate for Automotive in the back half. Hopefully, that turns out to be a conservative assumption, but that's kind of what we have in our guidance today.
Andrew Casey: Okay. And then I guess another round at the growth investments. You mentioned CapEx comments. Are you seeing any market segments where production may have been constrained and may offer restock opportunities in the future? I'm just trying to understand the CapEx part of it.
Michael Larsen: No. I think it's just part of our -- as these businesses grow, we continue to invest in CapEx. We've done that for 5 years and even beyond that. I mean, typically, CapEx for us as a percentage of sales is right around 2%. And as sales grow, the CapEx numbers go up, and that's really all that you're seeing here. Again, this is to continue to support our customers with best-in-class quality and service on a global basis. And I really wouldn't read as much into it as the time we spent on it today.
Andrew Casey: Okay. And then one last one on it. You mentioned -- or you cautioned against extrapolating the 60 basis points. Was that more lumpy in the quarter than what you'll be seeing in the second half?
Michael Larsen: On the growth investments? Yes, I think this can be a little circumstantial to the quarter. I think we will continue to lean in on these investments that we need to make to further support and accelerate organic growth as well as continue to expand margins, core margins in our businesses. So this is ongoing. I think we called it out this time. And given the reaction today, we may not call it out in the future. We'll have to see. But this is an ongoing thing. It's not a response to anything specific. We are fully invested here. We're fortunate that even these investments -- by fully funding every good project inside the company, they only consume 25% of our operating cash flow. So we're not constrained. We'll continue to invest. And we wanted to highlight that today, and that's what you're seeing on that side.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: When I look at the European auto build outperformance of your business versus the market, it's really been moderating since the -- going back to the second quarter of last year with obviously the flip to negative this quarter. So has that been mix in that trend down all along for the last year? And then what kind of gives you the visibility to that inflecting back positively in the second half?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think in Automotive, and this is not a European comment, this is a global comment, we are fortunate that we have visibility 2.5, 3 years out based on the projects we've sold already. So we know what our content per vehicle growth is going to be on new model launches. We know what's rolling off. There can be some mix as these 2, those are the big variables, kind of play out, but we're highly confident that we'll continue to outperform in Europe and on a global basis in that 2 to 4 percentage point range above the global auto build numbers. And that's really on -- the way to look at this is what Scott said is really on an annual basis. On a quarterly basis, it can move around a little bit. But absolutely nothing has changed in terms of our confidence in our visibility to continue to do that on a go-forward basis.
Steven Fisher: But that outperformance is basically 0 for the first half, so the second half would have to inflect positively. It sounds like you do have that visibility in Europe right now?
Michael Larsen: Well, again, I mean, we can talk about Europe offline. I mean, I think if you look at this on a global basis, we had 2 percentage points of penetration in the first quarter. We just did 2.5% above the weighted average, and nothing has changed.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then shifting over to the commercial construction, just to make sure I heard all the numbers right. The minus 5% on commercial, that was excluding the anchor wedge product issue?
Michael Larsen: Yes. We would have been down 15% -- we're down 15%. We would have been 5% if it wasn't for this onetime item.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And I think it was down 2% in the first quarter. So where generally are you seeing sort of incremental weakness? Or is that just a comparison issue between Q1 and Q2 year-over-year?
Michael Larsen: I would think that's really more of a rounding issue. Commercial is about 20% of our Construction business. And the performance of that segment is really driven much more by the continued growth on the residential and the renovation side.
Scott Santi: Of the Construction business, not the commercial.
Steven Fisher: Okay. So maybe just one quick clarification. Did your short-term debt go up a lot in the quarter? And I thought you said when you were talking about repatriation, you were talking about reducing short-term debt.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that's correct. So that's a reclassification of the maturities that I talked about that are coming due in the first half of '19. So we have some March and April maturities, $1.35 billion. And that -- because we're within 12 months, that slips into the short-term debt category, that's why. If you look at the long-term debt, we're down by the same number.
Operator: Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: So I guess just first question around the price/cost issue. If you could kind of talk a little bit about from a segment perspective where that has the most impact. I know you kind of said it's not happening -- or it's not a significant issue within Food Equipment, but it would be helpful to know where it is.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the largest impact is really in the Automotive segment where it can take a little bit longer for price actions, new products to offset those cost increases. Everywhere else, we're positive on a year-to-date basis.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. That's really helpful. And then the other question. Just looking at Welding margins, the incrementals were really strong this quarter. I think they were like 44%, clearly above what you tend to target. Just thinking about like the outlook into the second half of the year, is that level of margin expansion or incrementals sustainable into the second half? And I guess a little bit of just what's driving the strength.
Michael Larsen: Yes. No, I think this is frankly typical for what we're seeing in Welding with this type of organic growth. So those are -- that's a reasonable assumption for incrementals for the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: A bit of a more philosophical question on the impact of some of the -- all the uncertainty in trade and that kind of thing. I would have thought you guys would maybe start seeing some impact on your customers' CapEx spending as all of this uncertainty weighs on their investment decisions. Maybe that led to some of the under build in Auto OEM. Instron was still pretty good. Just any kind of commentary you guys have, what you're hearing out there in the market in terms of, are customers still confident in the economic outlook here? Are you seeing any kind of weakening in just the way people are thinking about the economy going forward?
Michael Larsen: No, we've not seen that, Nathan. I mean, I think if you look at the segments most exposed to business investment, CapEx cycle, Welding, Test & Measurement, we continue to see. And the equipment side of Specialty continued to see accelerating demand. So we have not seen any impact from a demand standpoint.
Nathan Jones: Polymers & Fluids and Specialty Products both seem to have relatively flat kind of margins here. I figure there's probably a bit more oil impacting that. Is that something that you should be -- we should be expecting to see a little improvement in that as you catch up a bit more in pricing with the, I guess, more recent history of cost increases going through there?
Michael Larsen: I think in the near term, there certainly, as you point out, some chemicals, so silicones, specifically resins, are putting some pressure on. But as -- once we work through that, those segments are going to continue to expand margins.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then just one housekeeping one. You had the other income line pick up fairly significantly in this quarter. Can you talk about what drove that up? And do you forecast the number for that in your model? Or is it just a 0 in your guidance?
Michael Larsen: Well, there's always some puts and takes. I mean, it can move around a little bit on a quarterly basis. The majority of what's in that bucket is really interest income. And so linked to some of the repatriation we talked about, we saw a pretty significant increase in the other income bucket. We do include an assumption in the guidance, and we also do for the back half, which is right around current levels. But like I said, it can move around a little bit on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Operator: Our last question is from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Just a couple of things here. First, just on Welding. I'd love to get a little more color there. I guess no good deed goes unpunished, right? You talked about Welding today. But if you could give us a little bit of color on where you're seeing the most strength and if there's any indication that customers are perhaps pre-buying. And I ask that in the spirit, Lincoln, for example, has raised price 3 times in the last 6 or 7 months, right? We're chasing price up pretty rapidly in this business. Do you see any unusual customer behavior in the channel as a result of that?
Michael Larsen: We really haven't. I mean, I think to give you a little bit more color, overall, Welding up 13%, with Equipment up 15%, Consumables moving up double-digit. And then North America is really the key driver of the business, which represents 80% of our sales. We talked about the industrial side before, so that would be heavy equipment, auto up really strong, more than 20%, and the commercial side continues in the high single digits this quarter. I know you're a big offshore guy. We have not seen a pickup in offshore, but overall, oil and gas was up 7% here in the quarter, which is certainly encouraging.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, that's helpful. And then just on Auto real quick. With this European testing logjam, I'm not sure if you're familiar with that, but the WLTP, do you see any disproportionate negative seasonality in your Auto business in Q3 as part of your back half guide?
Michael Larsen: In Europe specifically?
Jeffrey Sprague: In Europe specifically, yes.
Michael Larsen: Yes, no, we have not seen that.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just one last one for me. Just on the Test & Measurement/Electronics, maybe Electronics a little bit more specifically. There is a lot of pressure and noise in just kind of the whole electronics supply chain, semi CapEx, et cetera, particularly rippling through Asia. Do you have visibility on what the back half looks like in that business? Maybe a little extra color there would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think the -- for Electronics, the back half looks good, similar to what we were seeing in the first half. We do have a little bit of semi exposure in that business, which may be going through a little bit of a slowdown in the near term but then is expected to pick back up in Q4. Not enough to really move the needle for us, but overall, the team feels really good going into the second half here.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. I think that brings us to the top of the hour. Thanks, everybody. And if you have follow-up questions, I'm available. That concludes our call.
Michael Larsen: All right. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc. E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc. Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.
Analysts: Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Group Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for joining ITW's 2018 First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the call. Today's conference is being recorded. Any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'd like to turn over the meeting to Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thanks, Angela. Good morning and welcome to ITW's first quarter 2018 conference call. This morning I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi, along with Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss first quarter financial results and update you on our second quarter and full year 2018 outlook. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the second quarter and full year 2018, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2017 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone. Got off to a solid start in 2018 with revenue up 8% and earnings per share up 23%. The ITW team continues to execute at a high level in the quarter as the combination of continued progress in implementing our enterprise initiatives, disciplined price/cost management, and in improving demand environment resulted in strong overall operating performance, with operating income of $903 million, up 12%; operating margin of 24.1%, up 90 basis points; and after-tax return on invested capital of 27.7%, up 400 basis points. Despite lower-than-expected global auto builds impacting our Auto OEM segment in the quarter, we delivered 3% organic growth, and all seven business segments and major geographies were up year-on-year. CapEx-related demand continues to strengthen in a number of our end markets, which is driving accelerated organic growth in our Test & Measurement and Electronics and Welding segments. Overall, based on our Q1 results, positive underlying demand trends across many of our businesses and a strong pipeline of projects and activities supporting our enterprise initiatives, we are raising our full year EPS guidance by $0.15 at the midpoint. I'll now turn the call over to Michael to provide you with more detail on the quarter and our updated guidance. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thanks, Scott. Let's start with chart number 3 and I'll add some color on our financial performance. As Scott mentioned, revenue was up 8%, with pretty solid demand trends and positive organic growth in all segments led by Welding and Test & Measurement and Electronics, both up 8%. Operating margin improved by 90 basis points to 24.1%. After-tax return on invested capital was 27.7%, up 400 basis points, with the new U.S. tax legislation and our lower tax rate a key driver. Free cash flow was $444 million, up 11% versus prior year, and was 68% of net income, which is in line with typical seasonality. We expect 100% conversion or better for the full year. To-date, we have repatriated over $1 billion in cash and expect to bring back another $1 billion by year-end. We accelerated our planned share repurchases to $500 million in the quarter. You will note that the tax rate was 23.2% in the quarter, slightly below our guidance midpoint of 25%, primarily as a result of the Q1 cash repatriation and a $14 million foreign tax credit benefit that resulted from that. We now expect a slightly lower tax rate for the year relative to guidance, between 25% and 26% in quarters two through four, and a full-year average tax rate of 24.5% to 25.5%. And we continue to assess and clarify the provisions of U.S. tax reform, which could further impact our tax rate and future discrete items. Moving to chart number 4 and operating margin, operating margin was 24.1%, up 90 basis points versus prior year and a new Q1 record. Five years into our current enterprise strategy, we're still generating 110 basis points of savings from the strong execution on our 80/20 Front to Back Process and strategic sourcing initiatives. As per usual, we report strategic sourcing savings as part of our enterprise initiatives benefits, not as part of price/costs. But of that 110 basis points, roughly half was from sourcing initiatives. So if you match that up with price/cost headwinds of 50 basis points in the first quarter, our sourcing initiatives actually more than offset the margin impact from raw material cost inflation. As we have discussed previously, our strategy is to recover raw material cost inflation with price adjustments on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We did that in Q1 with net price/cost positive by $4 million in the quarter, and we expect to be positive in dollar terms again in Q2 and for the balance of the year. In fact, based on our price actions and known cost increases, we expect Q2 price/cost margin impact to look similar to Q1, and then improve from there in the second half of the year. While on the subject of price/cost, I'd like to comment on the potential impact of tariffs on ITW. As many of you know, our model is to source and produce where we sell. We have incorporated what we currently know about the impact of Section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs and the mitigating price actions into our business plan and company guidance. We're currently assessing the impact of proposed tariffs under Section 301. Bottom line, as we sit here today, we believe that price/cost is manageable and we expect to continue to cover material- and freight cost inflation with price on a dollar-for-dollar basis as we go through the year. Chart 5 provides some color on segment performance. We'll go through each segment individually, but I'd like to make a few points about overall performance first. The table on the left summarizes organic growth by segment for first quarter 2018 and compares it to organic growth for full-year 2017. You can see that our Q1 organic growth rate is similar to full-year 2017. Then we also provide our updated outlook for organic growth by segment for full-year 2018 to give you a better sense for the run rates and momentum on a full-year basis. We previously provided these segment growth estimates at our Investor Day in December and, as you can see, not much has changed. Today, we're essentially reaffirming what we told you then with two updates. We expect Welding to be better at 5% to 6% organic growth for the year, offset by marginally lower growth than what we projected in December for Specialty. Our segments with the strongest growth in the Q1, that includes Test & Measurement/Electronics, Welding, and Construction are solidly on track toward their full-year targets. While global auto builds in Q1 came in modestly below expectations, they're forecast to turn positive year-over- year going forward, starting with builds up 5% globally in the second quarter. Food Equipment will also show positive growth as comps ease throughout the year. Polymers and Specialty are also expected to improve as we go through the year based on current levels of demand. So while we may have some wider variation than usual in terms of segment growth rates in Q1, our overall growth guidance is unchanged, which illustrates the resiliency of our diversified high-quality portfolio. As I said, we remain firmly on track and expect organic growth of 3% to 4% this year, with all segments contributing positive year-over-year growth. Now let's look at the segment details, starting with Automotive, our largest segment. Organic growth was 1%, while global auto builds were down 1%, as I mentioned. We continue to grow our content per vehicle and, as a result, our Automotive OEM segment again grew faster than global builds. Note that we continue to see excellent penetration in China also, with organic sales are up 8% versus builds down 3%. Forecast for global auto production were just revised up slightly and are expected to be up 2% in 2018. Given the visibility that we have to above market growth of 2 to 4 percentage points in this segment, we expect another strong year overall for our Auto business, with full year organic growth of 4% to 5%. Let's move on to chart number 6. Food Equipment organic revenue was up less than 1% in Q1. On the positive side, we saw a nice recovery in our largest end markets, as institutional sales and chain restaurants in North America were up 7% in the quarter. However, this was offset by a decline in the retail sector, primarily grocery stores. The international side and the service business are pretty stable. And like I said, comparisons will get easier from here and the segment will benefit from new products being rolled out, and we expect to grow 2% to 3% in Food Equipment this year. Test & Measurement/Electronics organic revenue was up very strong, 8%. Instron revenue was up double digits and as we pointed out last quarter, their performance is closely tied to the business investment cycle and that continued to play out this quarter. Electronics was up 5%, with strong demand across the board, including semiconductor end markets. Strong performance as operating margin improved by 340 basis points to 23.4%. Now chart number 7, Welding's organic growth rate continues to accelerate and the backlog is strong. Organic growth was 8%, with global equipment up 10% and consumables up 4%. North America was up 9%, with 15% organic growth in industrial, with strong demand in heavy equipment, ship, rail, and automotive. Oil and gas was strong, too, and accelerating in North America, up 9% and only down slightly on the international side. Margin at 27.7% was the highest in the company. Polymers & Fluids organic growth was less than 1% and our operating margin improved 30 basis points to 20.9% and margin improved despite material cost inflation tied to chemicals and resins. Now moving to our last two segments on chart number 8, Construction continued its solid growth pattern into this quarter with 3% organic growth. North America was particularly strong at 7%, with residential construction at 9%. International markets were about flat. Specialty organic growth can be lumpy and was up 1% following a strong organic growth rate of 5% in Q4 last year. Equipment sales, which represent about 20% of this segment, were up 8%, offset by a 1% decline in consumables. Overall, as Scott said, a solid start to the year. The positive underlying demand trends across our segments and our clear line-of-sight to margin expansion give us confidence that we will deliver top tier performance again in 2018. Our updated guidance incorporates Q1 results, favorability from current foreign exchange rates, a modestly lower share count, and better operational performance. As a result, for the full year, we are raising our guidance midpoint by $0.15. We now expect full-year 2018 earnings in the range of $7.60 to $7.80 per share, up from a range of $7.45 to $7.65, which represents 17% EPS growth at the midpoint. We expect organic revenue growth of 3% to 4% for the full year, enterprise initiatives impact of 100 basis points independent of volume, and an effective tax rate of 24.5% to 25.5%. As you can see from the graphic on the left side of the page, we expect an operating margin of 25% to 25.5%. That number is unchanged in terms of guidance. And after-tax return on invested capital of 27% to 28%. Our guidance incorporates our best estimate of the impact of known tariffs, material inflation, and our implemented price actions, and we believe that the price/cost equation is manageable. These efforts, coupled with volume leverage and the continuous strong execution of our enterprise initiatives, gives us the confidence that ITW operating margins will expand by more than 100 basis points, with margin improvement in every segment ranging from 80 basis points to 130 basis points for the full year. Free cash conversion is expected to be 100% of net income or better. And, as I mentioned earlier, we have already repatriated more than $1 billion to the U.S. and repurchased shares for $500 million in the quarter. As a reminder, subject to board approval in August, we plan to significantly raise our dividend as we increased ITW's dividend payout ratio to 50% of free cash flow. Finally, we're providing guidance for Q2, a range of $1.90 to $2 per share, which reflects 15% growth at the midpoint versus $1.69 in Q2 2017. And we expect organic growth of 3% to 4% in the second quarter based on current run rates, as every segment's organic growth rate is projected to improve in Q2 relative to Q1. So just to wrap up, we continue to see solid demand trends across our businesses. We're well-positioned to deliver strong margin expansion. Price/cost is manageable. We're raising our EPS guidance for the full year by $0.15 at the midpoint, which represents 17% year-over-year growth, reflecting our solid start to the year and our confidence in ITW's ability to continue to execute at a high level through the balance of 2018. Karen, back to you.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Michael. So, Angela, let's open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin a question-and-answer session. One moment, please, for the first question. The first question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So I want to start first on the operating margins, on segment margins specifically. So the segment margins were up about 40 basis points this quarter on a year-over-year basis, but there hasn't been any change to your operating margin guidance for the year. So my question is, how much of that improvement is coming from, like, lower corporate versus you expect to see an improvement on the year-over-year segment margins as we progress through the year and what's driving that?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: So, Joe, we expect every segment to improve operating margin for the full year, like I said, ranging from 80 basis points to 130 basis points. And the biggest driver there is the continued execution on the enterprise initiatives, as well as volume leverage, as all of our businesses are going to grow on a year-over-year basis. What you're seeing in Q1 is primarily the impact of price/cost in these segments and the lag we've talked about in the past from when the material cost inflation shows up and the price actions actually are realized. And so that's the 50 basis points of price/cost headwind that you saw here in the first quarter at the enterprise level, which, as I said, we expect Q2 to look similar, and then we would expect it to get better from there through the second half of the year, again, as these price actions take hold and offset the known material cost inflation as we sit here today.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Michael, maybe focusing on price/cost for a second, specifically as it relates to Welding. The Welding margins were flat year-over-year. One of your large competitors talked about getting some pretty significant pricing increases this quarter. Probably that hasn't flowed through results yet. Talk to me a little bit about the operational leverage in that specific segment. Just given growth is better, pricing seems to be pretty disciplined.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think what you are seeing, Joe, is similar to what I just described, which is this lag between when the price actions that have been announced, and there have been a number, as you know, offset the inflation that we're seeing primarily on steel on the Welding side. Again, I'll just point to Welding operating at 27.7% operating margin, the highest inside of the company, and we expect to continue to expand margins from here based on what we know today.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And maybe one last one. Just shifting to growth a little bit and focusing specifically on Auto OEM. You've got a pretty decent ramp on the organic growth side to hit your full year number. Just maybe talk a little bit about – this is one area where you have a little bit more visibility than some of your other segments. Maybe talk about what your expectation is based on wins you already have as you progress through the year.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think things were a little softer from the standpoint of global builds in Q1 than it looked like they were going to be in Q4, but certainly as we've moved through Q1, the build picture in terms of input from our customers and some of the public data that you can see, builds for the balance of the year has firmed up. As Michael talked about in his commentary, second quarter builds are projected to be up 5%. That's usually a pretty reliable number, given the timing. And then through the balance of the year, things seem to be firming up. I would also point out – I think I saw this today. Maybe it was GM that reported some pretty good sales. So I think things are firming up there demand-wise and the overall production scenario, as we look through the balance of the year, is pretty solid.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Fair enough. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Scott and Michael, I know you just talked about Auto OEM, but maybe you could step back and tell us what you saw as the core evolved here and also here in April. You guys aren't alone, but I think at the beginning of the quarter we kind of thought that you might get closer to your high end for the year and through the 4% organic guidance. And then you had a couple of businesses, specifically Specialty Products, maybe Polymers & Fluids, which slowed down a bit, but you got your longer cycle CapEx businesses continuing to improve. And I know that speaks to ITW's balance, but when you look going forward, is it going to be more of these longer cycle businesses carrying the torch here? And I know you changed your forecast a little bit for Welding – for Specialty Products, but is there a chance that Welding continues to outperform and maybe that's what sort of balances out, and Specialty Products is a little slower?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, Andy, the delta in Q1 was what Scott just talked about, on a global basis the forecast that we use, and we talked about this in the past put our guidance together, projected a 1% increase in global builds for Q1 and ended up at being down 1%. If you look at specifically North America, which is our largest end markets and highest concentration for vehicle, North America builds were down 3%. And, as Scott said, if you read some of the headlines, I think March was probably a little bit lower than what people expected. That number goes from down 3% projected to be up 3% in Q2, and overall North America expects to be positive for the year, which is quite an improvement from last year. So we fully expect Auto to deliver 4% to 5% organic growth. We have really good visibility to the content per vehicle growth that gets us from the auto build number to 4% to 5%. In addition to that, you're right, continued strong momentum and acceleration on the Welding side. We have it pegged at 5% to 6%. Hopefully, that will turn out to be a conservative number. And then Test & Measurement, as well as the equipment side within Specialty Products, continue to be really strong in terms of order intake and the backlog for the rest of the year. You talk about FEG. FEG should improve from here as the comps get easier, but there's also a nice product – new product rollout cadence here for the balance of the year. And so other than retail, which has kind of put a little bit of pressure on the growth in Food this year, we feel very good overall about growth rates improving from Q1 through the balance of the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And, Mike, I wanted to ask you about the guidance increase in the context of, obviously, you beat in the quarter $0.05 versus the middle of the range and, obviously, a little bit lower tax rate. Maybe if you can give us a little more color on the rest of the guidance increase. You talked about currency. You got a lower share count, but you also mentioned a better operating environment and you talked specifically about projects that ITW has. So if I look at the balance of the year, is this just more blocking and tackling? I remember you had some contingency in for this year, maybe on $0.15. Are you using some of that to raise the guidance?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Just for the record, I don't recognize the $0.15 you're talking about, but the $0.15 guidance increase today is basically the $0.05 beat from Q1. Like we always do at this point, we update our assumptions for current foreign exchange rates. We have a slightly lower share count, given some of the acceleration here in Q1, and in the plan we still have $1 billion for the year for share repurchases. And then the balance in that $0.05 to $0.10 is really better demand and stronger operations, so that's what's driving the $0.15 raise today.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. The contingency was around price versus cost, Michael. You had talked about it. You guys were pretty conservative at the Analyst Day. Just wondering what happened to that. It's getting absorbed with the higher material cost.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: We're using that up given the cost environment.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, if you look at relative to December, I mean, that's one of the variables that's changed, right? So price/cost maybe there was an assumption would be more favorable and maybe a more conservative view today, so.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Good morning.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of questions. Just on food and beverage, I mean, I think you said institutional and chain restaurants up 7%, which seems like a pretty big number, given the environment. So how sustainable is that? What do you think is going on there? Is that your new products getting good reception, or is it CapEx picking up, or is it a timing issue?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. It's really CapEx and stronger demand on the institutional side, I think education specifically. And then on the restaurant side, quick service was also very strong. So that's certainly -- if you look at the core equipment business inside of – core food service equipment inside of the Food Equipment business, we were up 7% in the quarter, which is certainly encouraging. And those trends look good for the balance of the year with good orders and backlog, and now you have the new product rollouts coming in as well.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And clearly you seem pretty positive on your ability to offset the higher input costs with pricing. Can you shed any light on what you're actually assuming in your forecast for steel? Do you just sort of mark-to-market where we are now to the balance of the year? Are you forecasting things to come down at all in the second half?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. We'll leave the forecasting to other people. We're basically taking what we're seeing in our businesses today in terms of inflation on steel, chemicals, resins, as well as the demand picture. And all of that is included into our guidance today. So...
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Just to clarify, that's already absorbed and also announced, so there are certainly things out there that we're not seeing the full impact of yet, but we've already accounted for those in the guide, and likewise have taken pricing actions on those. But it is all based on known. No forecast.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Correct. Yeah, there's no forecast.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And then just lastly, M&A, can you comment on the pipeline at all and likelihood of maybe at least some smaller-to-midsize deals this year?
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No. We remain very focused on executing our current strategy, getting our businesses up to full potential from an operational perspective. And we've talked about a long-time accelerating organic growth, and so that remains the focus. It doesn't preclude anything that might come our way opportunistically, but we don't have a particularly active agenda right now in that regard.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: If you could just talk a little bit about the trends you're seeing in Europe across your broad portfolio, I'd appreciate it. There's some questions out there about PMI slowing, particularly in Germany. The strength of the euro, whether that's beginning to hurt it. Just curious with your breadth of portfolio, what you guys are seeing in Europe specifically.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: We haven't seen any slowdown. We were up a little bit less in the first quarter due to a tough comp. In the first quarter last year we were up 6% in Europe. We're up 1% here in the first quarter, but for the full year we expect to be up in that 3% to 4% range in Europe, and we haven't really seen anything slow down at this point.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Based on sequential run rates.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Right, that's based on current levels of demand. That's right.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color. And then, can you just talk about – when you talk about price increases, I just want to be clear, are all your businesses implementing price increases as opposed to surcharges? And should we consider backlogs not included or dates when price increases will specifically be implemented? I just want to get a sense of – I know you talked about Q2 being similar to Q1,but if you could just talk us through the details, that would be great.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. These are primarily price increases and, as you know, we are not a backlog-driven company, so our businesses tend to be fairly short-cycle, and so these will go into effect relatively quickly.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: But we do have notification provisions and other elements in terms of how we transact with our customers that are all applied here. We're not breaking those. We're not trying to waive anything in terms of surcharges. I think it's the part of your question, Ann. So there is some cycle in terms of timing and working our way through it.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And any particular segments where it might be more difficult to get pricing in this environment, or are customers broadly acceptant of price increases, which...
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think everybody gets it, and I think we're having price discussions everywhere across the company. As you know, Automotive can be a little bit more challenging, but we're working through that with our customers as well.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just a quick clarification on Automotive. Are you more leveraged or less leveraged to cars versus SUVs, or is there anything in the mix that's changing out there in the industry that we should consider going into maybe next year? Maybe not this year, but Ford made the big announcement yesterday about cutting back on cars.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Our highest content, Ann, is on SUVs and trucks.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Hi. Good morning. You mentioned in the second quarter each business segment would have faster organic growth than the first quarter. And I was just curious. The comp does get easier for second quarter and third quarter. Are the businesses – or which businesses do you actually feel are truly accelerating and how much is it just simply the comp eases the next two quarters?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I mean, these are all based on current levels of demand, current run rates, so not – other than Automotive, which we talked about. So we're not counting on an acceleration. So what you're seeing, David, is the comps easier, as you point out, in Q2 and Q3, and then a little bit more challenging in Q4.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. And the demand environment is pretty good. I mean, order books are good. I think some of these quarter-to-quarter comparisons, there's so much that goes on that's sort of just circumstantial. And I think there can be a little bit of an over-indexing on a particular quarter-to-quarter comp, but I think from a sequential demand standpoint, the overall environment right now is firm to improving.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Yeah. I guess we're trying to figure is, is it truly improving, is it just the comp, and I appreciate the way you try to guide, just current rates, but trying to be a little more thoughtful about actual trends, not just current rate run forward. Maybe to ask another way, if you look at the first quarter organic for each business segment, then you put it up against the full year guide, there's obviously some that are in a lot better shape and other ones that are definitely dragging behind the full year. Can you just maybe quick rattle through the segments, where are the ones that you feel, yeah, maybe that one's a little hard to get to the low end, and that's another one that, sure, the way we're running now, maybe a better chance at the higher end? Just to give us a little play on maybe we're running ahead, we're running behind.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I think the obvious ones to point to are the CapEx-related businesses that we've certainly seen some really good acceleration in Welding, Test & Measurement, and even the equipment side of Specialty. I think that part – if you were looking for where there might be some additional upside, it all depends. I think we've gone through – my perspective on that is two-and-a-half or three years of pretty tamped down business investment, so there is some fair amount of pent-up demand there. And the momentum in terms of order rate seem to be pretty good. I think the rest of them – the consumable business order rates are not bad. They're certainly not as cyclical as the CapEx parts of the portfolio. But I can't think of any place where we're seeing – we've got concerns going forward about whether we're going to generate a reasonable amount of growth, given the consumable demand...
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Yeah. I think the interplay is that those CapEx businesses are running at 7.5% plus in the first quarter. You'd like to think there's a chance they can do better than the 4% to 5% in Test & Measurement and 5% and 6% in Welding. And they usually bring decent incrementals. At the same time, Polymers, actually I'm scratching my head a little bit why we started that slowly. I mean, that's at 0.3% and the full-year guide's 2.5%. Food full year guide's 2.5%. We started at 0.4%. But those business don't have quite the same incrementals usually, at least as a base case. So we just kind of do the interplay of what's above, what's below, and so – okay, so nothing stands out in particular.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. We interact with the leaders of all seven of our businesses every quarter. So I think the overall picture that I would give you is everybody's feeling pretty good about the balance of the year from a demand standpoint.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: So none of them were thinking of taking down the full year guide on the organic. Let me – said more blatantly, there wasn't any heavy discussion on Polymers or Food to take it down or...
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: That's correct, other than the adjustment in Specialty we made. Yeah.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Yeah, the Specialty tweak. Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Your line is open.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Back to the price/cost a little bit here. You guys are saying you're going to have a headwind here in 2Q and you think it will flatten out in 3Q. I know you're not guiding for any more raw material inflation, but we are continuing to see raw material inflation. I'm wondering why you're not maybe taking a little bit more conservative approach to the back half or at least the third quarter on the price/cost dynamic.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, what we're telling you, Nathan, is what we really think is going to happen here based on the actions that we've taken and the raw material inflation that we've seen so far. So Q2 we expect – let's do the margin impact first – to look a lot like Q1, and then a little bit better than that in the back half of the year. Let me just point out, again, like dollar-for-dollar we are positive on price/cost. So there's no negative EPS impact here from what we're seeing. So we were positive in Q1. We expect to be positive in Q2 in terms of price/cost dollars. And if you extrapolate from what I said, we'd expect to be even more positive than that in Q3 and Q4 based on the price increases that we've announced, so.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And, I guess, that then leads to the 110 basis points of sourcing savings that you got this quarter. Are there actions you can take on the sourcing front to accelerate the savings out of that? Are there other initiatives that you can accelerate to reduce the cost to try and further offset some of this inflation we're seeing out there in the market?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No. I mean, that's not what we're trying to do here. Let me just clarify a few things. So the 110 basis points that you're referring to, like I said in my remarks, is a combination of two enterprise initiatives, one around our 80/20 Front to Back Process, and the other one around projects, more strategic sourcing, structural savings that have nothing to do with price costs. And the point that we were trying to make is that if you were to include those more structural cost savings from a sourcing perspective in the price/cost equation, we would actually be positive. Now, that's not the way we report it. Other people may have reported that way, and so just for comparison purposes to make it easier we broke it out for you this quarter. But we are feeling very good about what we're doing here in terms of price/cost, and we're reporting EPS up 23%, up 17% for the year. There's no need to overreact and do a lot more than what we're doing today.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: From a price/cost perspective.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: From a price cost standpoint, so.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Quick one on tax. You repatriated the $1 billion. You're talking about repatriating another $1 billion. The $1 billion in the first quarter led to a tax credit. Is it possible you could get further tax credits for that? Was that specific to one country that maybe you brought cash back from? And then, I think, the guilty tax was one of the things you were waiting for clarification on. Have you got anything on that yet or still waiting?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, there's no clarification on the so-called guilty tax. In terms of further repatriation, what happened in Q1 was very specific to where those funds came from. It's possible that there might be further discrete items as we go through the year, but that's all encompassed in the guidance that we're giving you today in terms of our tax rate and the midpoint of 25%. So that's what I would use for your model.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Andy, good morning.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I wanted to first go back to David's question on the organic guidance, and specifically on Polymers & Fluids. I'm just wondering if you could give a little more color on what's driving the organic reacceleration moving from flat to the 2% to 3%, because the back half comps look a little more challenging than, let's say, the second quarter. Is that all pricing?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: That is a part of it. The other part is there is some seasonality related to the Automotive aftermarket business, and so that business was flat in the quarter, and typically based on historical run rates, including seasonal trends, we see an improvement in the Automotive aftermarket business.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Michael. And then if I could ask a little bit of a longer term question, stepping back from the quarter. In between the Investor Day and now you've had the tax reform change. Does that impact how you look at the longer-term total annual shareholder return at all?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I'd say the obvious one is the lower tax rate, obviously, is contributing 5 percentage points of EPS growth. So in terms of earnings growth and the associated cash that comes with that, that's certainly a positive. I think there's a broader question around being able to access global cash more easily on a go-forward basis. That certainly strengthens our balance sheet and provides more cash available in the U.S., including distribution to shareholders and then what you saw when we talked about in December, and then the plans that we accelerated last quarter around the significant increase in our dividend payout ratio from currently about 43% of free cash flow to 50% of free cash flow. You do the math on that, that's a sizable dividend increase that's coming subject to board approval in August. So those are just a couple of the big items here, but overall...
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Doesn't change the core strategy in terms of where we're going with the business nor how we allocate capital.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Right. Strategically, yeah, that's right, there's no change. There's certainly a lot of positives for shareholders.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. I guess two follow-up questions. One, some other industrial companies have pointed to increased labor costs or supplier constraints, sort of inefficiencies in the channel. Are you seeing any of that and has that impacted earnings in the quarter? And then my second question relates to, you highlighted the issue with auto build in the first quarter for your segment, but did any of that indirectly impact the weaker Auto? Did any of that indirectly impact the other segments? Because I do know you have some auto exposure in some of the other segments outside of Auto specifically. Thanks.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. So on the second, nothing material that I could think of in terms of any bleed over from Auto into the other segments. And then from the standpoint of your first question, we are not experiencing any supply constraints. We're certainly keeping a closer eye on that, but from the standpoint of where we are today, we seem to be managing through that well. And I think the other question...
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: The labor cost.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I think we're – other than our normal annual pay raises, I think we're right in line with where we expected to be on that at this point.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is open.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, guys.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): A lot has already been asked, so I just wondered if you could spend a minute going through some of the pieces of the construction market. Just trying to get a sense of if there's any inflection point or anything changing from interest rates rising.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, we really haven't seen – we continue to see strong growth on the residential side, which includes our renovation/remodel business up in the high single digits, and looks really good for the balance of the year. Then the commercial side continues to be a little more lumpy and kind of flattish, and really no change in trend in either one of those.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then is there any way that you could give us more specifically in the $0.15 guidance increase, how much is from tax rate and lower share count or you just want to leave that fuzzy?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I'd rather leave it the way I said it. But basically the way I think about it is $0.05 is the Q1 beat, which certainly tax played a role. And then the balance is really a combination of currency is a little bit better, the share count is a little bit lower, you can do the math on that. It's the acceleration into Q1 of another $250 million, and the balance is really from the operating side and the confidence that we have that our teams will continue to execute on their plans for the year.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. That's great. Thank you very much.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: On your Auto business, just wondering how you're thinking about the gap between your growth rate and the market over the next year or so. You are out-growing by 3 points in Q4. This quarter was about 2 points. I imagine there's probably some normal quarter-to-quarter variation there, but just wanted to see if you have any particular expectations about that degree of outgrowth over the next year or so.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, and nothing's really changed. Steve, I mean, it's an area, as you know, inside the company where we have great visibility to above-market growth. Historically, we've been in that 2 to 4 percentage point range. It can be. It can vary a little bit on a quarterly basis. For the year, we're saying 4% to 5% organic growth in automotive builds. Globally it's supposed to – expected to be up 2%. And that's really how we think about this on a long-term basis for the foreseeable future. Given the orders we took two/three years ago or longer, we expect to outgrow the market by 2 to 4 percentage points, so that hasn't changed.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: And the new programs we have in the pipeline, which is significant.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Right.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then I wonder if you could just make sure I'm thinking about this correctly on your operating margin improvement expected during the year. I think you're looking for about 150 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year for the full year. And it sounds like Q2 is going to be similar to the 90 basis points you had in the first quarter, if I heard that correctly. And then, does that mean, though, with the price lag that you are anticipating benefiting you in the second half, you're looking for close to 200 basis points or so in the second half? Is that the right way to think about it?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, not quite. So what I can tell you is that, Q1 is probably the low point in terms of operating margins. So typically, margins will go up in Q2 and Q3 from Q1. In terms of the enterprise initiatives, they come in on a pretty even 100 basis points a quarter. If you look at the organic growth guidance, we should get a decent volume leverage again Q2, Q3, Q4. And then we talk about price/cost and how that might change as we go through the year. And so those are the big pieces here that get you to the overall expected margin improvement, which, as you say, is more than 100 basis points for the full year.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So the acceleration, though, for the 90 basis points will be more in the second half than it is in the second quarter?
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: All-in, yes, because of price/cost.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. The drag on price/cost will be less in the second half than in the first half, all else – based on what we know today.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. I'll follow-up. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hoping to just ask a follow-on on the Food Equipment segment, and you called out the QSR business picking up. So it seems like after the last year or so that's a little bit of an inflection. I wonder if you could provide some color. Was it from international markets that picked up, or was it to the general market, or was it large QSR chains? Where did the business start to pick up?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: That's a domestic number.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. But was it to the general market do you think, or was it to the larger chains?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: So we typically don't break that out. I'm not sure I have that right in front of me. We typically don't do a lot with the really big players here for a number of reasons.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: In terms of chains.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: In terms of chains, but quick serve overall was up double-digit for us in the quarter.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Great. In this segment, foreign currency was a pretty big impact to the reported revenue number. Are you doing exports out of the U.S. or why is foreign currency such a...
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, the differences are really some businesses have more overseas sales than others. Food Equipment has, as you know, a big business overseas, and so they are seeing a little bit more impact than Welding, for example, which is where 80% of the business is North America.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And if I could switch over to Electronics, the organic growth really strong here, but you kept the organic guide at 4% to 5%. Is there a lumpiness to this business? And, I guess, thinking about it in the light of some volatility in semiconductors this quarter and Samsung calling out some consumer electronics weakness, how you're thinking about second quarter and the back half?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. No, orders and backlog look really good here. You just run into some tougher comps particularly in Q4 in that business, but there's nothing to suggest that on a run rate basis things are slowing down.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay, great. And the margin pickup, that's 80/20 related and volume leverage?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: That's right, yeah. Really strong execution on the initiatives, and then combined with the volume leverage.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay, great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. Good morning. I want to go back to these pricing questions, follow-up on that. I know you have a pretty short cycle business, but I'm wondering how quickly and how often can you change pricing through the year, how many bites of the apple, if you would. And is there any way to differentiate between your segments vis-à-vis your flexibility in changing price in a given year?
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: There's no structural impediment. I think the environment is – I think Michael said it this way earlier. I think everybody knows it's pretty apparent if you are in a product that's using silicones or steel or a number of other commodities, there are some significant changes in input cost. I don't think there's any impediments. I would also point out that we are operating now only in spaces where the product performance really matters to the customer. So I think these are all actionable and reasonable actions to take from the perspective of not only our investors, but I would say from the marketplace and our customers. The issue is really, from the standpoint of some of the short-term impacts are really related to timing. We have relationships with a number of our customers, where we've agreed to either 60-day or 90-day. And I'm summarizing, Mig, over hundreds of different markets and customers, but there are things that we have to go through to implement these things that are just part of the process. But again, when we're talking about overall margins up 90 basis points in this kind of environment, I think the sum total of the enterprise initiatives, our ability to recover cost dollar-for-dollar, I think we're in good shape here. Based on what we know today baked into our guidance, we're pretty comfortable in terms of what we've got in there around price/cost. And if there are some additional downstream increases in costs that occur, we certainly have the ability to respond to those as they arise. And again, it'll have in some cases a similar month or two lag, but ultimately nothing that would present any sort of big game changing structural barriers to continue to perform the way we are expecting to perform this year.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I see. Really, the nature of my question was when I was thinking about this issue with other companies in my coverage, what I've heard is, hey, I can increase prices maybe once, twice a year, and if there is a mismatch in the meantime, I really have to work on the cost side. And I didn't know if that's kind of how you guys operated as well, and maybe this price/cost guidance that you provided contained a maybe more meaningful cost management on your part to address this than is fully appreciated at this point.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, it's a tough question to answer, Mig, because what we're talking about here is the roll-up from 85 divisions and hundreds of end markets and thousands of customers and pricing decisions being made. I think based on that roll-up and based on our strategy, we're very comfortable with where we're at on price/cost for the year and we'll be able to respond if things change, so.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: But we're not limited to only two a year or something like that.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our last question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First question on the international Welding side and seeing some stabilization maybe there. Is that a reflection of stabilization primarily in offshore? And with that, I mean, any confidence building that the bottom is kind of in there?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: As you know, I mean, the bulk of our international business is oil and gas, and it's certainly encouraging after a pretty significant down cycle here that the business is starting to stabilize and we're not calling the bottom, but it certainly feels better than it has in prior quarters.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: But it's not just offshore. It's oil and gas related more broadly. So I don't...
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Right.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I don't have in front of me what the offshore piece was specifically in the quarter, so I don't know that we can...
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Maybe a specific comment, but maybe you can follow-up with Karen.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then on Specialty, with the guidance, it looks like the lower organic growth in the quarter was more a blip and that you get right back on track. Any additional details around what was happening on the consumables side of the business within the quarter?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, the business can be lumpy. I mean, we've seen this before. If you look at Q4, the business was up 5%, and then up 1% here in Q1. We can point to couple of specific things internally that should get better from here based on run rates and backlogs, but that's probably as much as I can give you. As you know, marginally we tweak the organic growth rate for the segment a little bit, but there's nothing really specific to point to.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And just last one for you on pricing and timing sensitivity here. Was pricing raised during the first quarter , or is it that those letters have gone out? Over the course of the second quarter, prices are going up, so you get partial realization, and then back half the anticipation of full realization?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: All of the above.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. Okay.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Some of all, yeah.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Appreciate it. Lots of business. All right. Thanks a lot.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Joe.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Since there aren't any further questions, I'd like to turn it over to Scott just to close the call out.
E. Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Just want to say thanks to everybody for joining on the call. We are, as we have discussed, well-positioned as we look at the back half of the year and certainly expect to continue to execute and deliver on our now revised and updated guidance. And we'll talk to you after the end of Q2. Thank you.
Karen A. Fletcher - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Great. If you have any follow-up, feel free to give me a call or email. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Santi - Chairman & CEO Michael Larsen - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi John Inch - Deutsche Bank Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs David Raso - Evercore ISI Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Mig Dobre - Baird Steven Fisher - UBS Nathan Jones - Stifel Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is also being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. May I introduce your speaker for today, Michael Larsen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Larsen: All right, thank you Dale. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s fourth quarter and full year 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO. And joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. I am also joined by Karen Fletcher, our new head of Investor Relations. Many of you may know Karen from her five years as head of investor relations at DuPont, so welcome Karen. During today’s call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results and update you on our 2018 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the first quarter and full year 2018 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2016 Form 10-K for more detailed about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Michael, and good morning everyone. The fourth quarter closed out another year of record performance and strong execution by the ITW team, excluding one-time tax and legal items 2017 earnings per share of $6.59 was up 16% versus 2016 and we achieved record performance and all of our key operating metrics. Operating income of $3.4 billion was up 11%, operating margin of 23.7% was up 120 basis points and after-tax return on invested capital of 24.4% was up 230 basis points. In addition, we returned more than $1.9 billion of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We also continued to make meaningful progress on our focused efforts to accelerate organic growth. Our 2017 organic growth rate of 3% was up almost 2 full percentage points versus 2016, and in additional our Q4 organic growth rate of 4% gives us good momentum heading into 2018. Overall these results demonstrate that we are continuing to make progress in our efforts to position ITW to generate consistent differentiated performance on a sustained basis. Through the combination of ITW’s high-quality business portfolio and our continued focus on leveraging ITW’s powerful business model to full potential, we are well-positioned to continue to deliver strong results in 2018 and beyond. In closing, let me say we owe a huge debt of gratitude to our ITW colleagues around the world for their commitment to executing our strategy and serving our customers with excellence each and every day. They are responsible for ITW’s strong performance and give us great confidence in our ability to continue to deliver sustained top-tier performance as we go forward. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Michael who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q4 and full year 2017 performance, and on our updated 2018 forecast. Back to you, Michael.
Michael Larsen: All right, thank you Scott. So starting on slide three, before I get to the details regarding our 2017 performance and 2018 forecast, I wanted to spend a few minutes clarifying the impact of the new tax legislation on our reported Q4 and full year 2017 results. This schedule walks us through the impact of the one-time Q4 tax charge associated with the tax cuts and jobs act and then I’ll talk about the tax rate and capital flexibility benefits that would accrue to 2018 and beyond. As you can see, we recorded a one-time tax charge of $658 million or the equivalent of $1.92 of EPS in the fourth quarter, reducing EPS from $1.70 to a GAAP EPS loss of $0.22. I should point out that this charge is our best estimate based on all the information available to us today. The charge has two primary elements, one a $729 million charge for the estimated repatriation taxes, and two, a net benefit of $71 million resulting from the revaluation or ITW’s deferred taxes. We are in the process of analyzing the implications of the new tax law from a capital structure and capital allocation standpoint. Given both the magnitude of the changes involved, and that we expect further clarification with regard to the application of certain provisions of the legislation, we are not far enough along in our analysis to make any strategic decisions with regard to how we will deploy our existing overseas cash or to make a determination as to whether it will cause us to alter our capital structure or capital allocation framework. That said, we have begun implementing plans to repatriate approximately $2 billion of surplus capital to the U.S. by year-end 2018 and we have decided to accelerate our previously announced plan to increase ITW’s dividend payout ratio. Subject to formal board approval, we now expect to increase our dividend payout ratio from 43% to approximately 50% of free cash flow on a run rate basis in August of this year versus by 2020 as previously communicated. With regard to the impact of the new tax legislation on our tax rate, we estimate that our tax rate for 2018 will be in the range of 25% to 26%. As you may recall, we use the tax rate of 29% when we should issued guidance in December. Our updated guidance today incorporates the benefit of the lower rate, which has a favorable EPS impact of $0.35 or 5%. We will provide additional detail and analysis of the one-time charge in our 10K. Moving onto slide four, we have also included a schedule for the full year 2017 that separates out the one-time impact of the tax legislation that I just talked about, and a previously disclosed legal item from the underlying operating performance of ITW. You can see our full year results with 5% revenue growth and 11% operating income growth, 120 basis points of margin expansion and 16% EPS growth. I’ll cover those results in more detail in a few slides.  So with the impact of these non-recurring items clearly identified upfront, when I discuss our financial results for Q4, and full year 2017 on the following slides, the results presented and my commentary will exclude the impact of these two one-time items and focus on the operating performance of the company. We’ll exclude the impact of these two one-time items and focus on the operating performance of the company. So on slide five, our Q4 performance ex the tax charge we grew EPS by 17% year-over-year to $1.70 exceeding the $1.60 midpoint of our prior guidance with $0.04 contribution from operations and $0.06 from a lower tax rate. You may recall that in Q4 last year, we recorded a net EPS benefit of $0.06 from a dividend payment offset by several small divestitures. If you adjust for these items, our Q4 EPS on an apples-to-apples basis was 22%. Total revenue was $3.6 billion, an increase of 7% with organic growth of 4% led by Test and Measurement/Electronics up 9%, welding up 6% and specialty product up 5%. All major geographies are positive, 4% growth in North America, 3% growth in Europe, 5% growth in Asia-Pacific including 7% in China. We improved operating margin by 160 basis points to 23.4% with Enterprise initiatives contributing 140 basis points. Free cash flow of $617 million was 106% of adjusted net income. So overall, another strong high-quality quarter to wrap up 2017 as the ITW team continues to execute. On slide six, you can see the drivers of our operating margin performance this quarter, which was once again driven by strong executional enterprise initiatives. They continue to be the main driver of our operating margin expansion and contributed 140 basis points in the quarter, which is the highest level since we launched our enterprise strategy five years ago. Good momentum and a solid backlog of opportunities in both our strategic sourcing and 8020 [ph] reapplication initiatives have us well set up for another 100 basis points of margin expansion in 2018 independent of volume. Volume leverage was 90 basis points and as expected price cost was slightly unfavorable this quarter at 50 basis points. As you may recall in our guidance for 2018, we are assuming 30 to 40 basis points of headwind from price cost. Overall, operating margin of 23.4% was an increase of 160 basis points and a new Q4 record for the company. On slide seven, you can see the meaningful progress on our focused efforts to accelerate organic growth across the segments. Our Q4, 2017 organic growth rate of 4% was up 2 percentage points year-over-year. And when you look at the detail by segment, you can see the strength of ITW’s diversified high-quality business portfolio. Some of our faster growers last year like automotive OEM and food equipment may have slowed in the near-term due to market conditions, but others like Test and Measurement, Electronics and Welding have accelerated and net were growing at 2X last year’s rate. In addition when you look at the operating margins, you notice two things, one, everyone improved year-over-year, and two, there are no weak links across our diversified portfolio. Let’s go a little deeper by segment starting with automotive OEM, where we had another strong quarter with overall organic growth of 3% in a flat market with above market growth in all geographies, as we continue to increase our content per vehicle. In North America, organic growth was down 2% better than auto bills, which were down 4% overall and down 7% with the Detroit 3. Growth on the international side was very strong with Europe up 7%, and China was up 14%. As you know the growth on a quarterly basis can bounce around a bit, so we added the full year organic growth and build’s numbers to the page. In North America, we managed to hold revenue to down 1% for the year, while overall builds were down four. In Europe and China our growth of 8% and 17% significantly outpaced bills of 3% and 2% respectively. Operating margin improved despite the previously discussed price cost headwinds. In terms of 2018, the most recent HIS forecast has auto build up 1% to 2% and we have essentially locked in content growth for 2018 against the automotive OEM segment organic growth of 4% to 5% for the year at these build levels. Food equipment organic revenue this quarter was flat overall, with North America down 1% in a soft market and against the comparison of up 4% last year as institutional sales was down 8% against the tough 2016 comparison of plus 23%. Retail was also down 5%. International was flat with equipment down 1% and service up 3% and operating margin improved 110 basis points to 25.8%. Very strong quarter for Test and Measurement and Electronics, organic revenue grew 9% as Test & Measurement grew by 13%. In Instron, where demand is tied closely to the business investment cycle, organic growth was up 8% and electronics was up 4%. Progress on operating margin performance was also very strong at 23.4% an improvement of 330 basis points driven by enterprise initiatives and volume leverage. As a reminder, the 23.4% includes 280 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition related intangible assets. Also on slide nine, strong momentum in welding continues with organic growth of 6% in Q4. By geography, North America was up 10%, our industrial equipment business which serves primary into manufacturing including automotive and heavy equipment was up 15% in the quarter, while our commercial equipment business which sells through distribution to construction, light fabrication and farm and ranch customers, was up a solid 5% year-on-year. Overall, equipment was up 13% while consumables were down 2%. International was down 10% due primary to oil and gas and please keep in mind that international only represents approximately 20% of our welding segment. On the margin front, operating margin improved this quarter by 200 basis points to 26.4%. Polymers & Fluids with positive organic revenue growth of 3% as fluids grew by 5% and automotive aftermarket and polymers both grew 2%. As a reminder here, the 19.9% operating margin includes 400 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition related intangible assets. Construction products grew 4% organically. North America was up 2 with residential remodel of 2% and commercial down 1%. International was strong with Europe up 5% and Asia-Pacific was up 4%. Operating margin performance was solid at 23.4% which represents 200 basis point improvement year-over-years primarily due to enterprise initiatives. Finally, in specialty product organic revenue was up 5% with notable strength on the equipment side and by geography North America was up 4% and international was up 6%. As Scott mentioned as you can see on slide 11, 2017 was a record year for ITW. We achieved 16% EPS growth, increase revenue of 5% to $14.3 billion and continued to make meaningful progress with 3% organic growth, and positive organic growth in all seven segments and all major geographies. The key performance metrics are all new all-time records including 23.7% operating margin and after-tax ROIC of 24.4%. Free cash flow was $2.2 billion, an increase of 9%. In terms of capital allocation in 2017, we invested almost $600 million in our businesses for growth, and productivity increased ITW’s dividend 20% and returned more than $1.9 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. Turning to slide 12, you can see our record operating margin performance with 120 basis points of improvement year-on-year and record operating margin of 23.7% excluding the legal item. We listed the key drivers here including enterprise initiatives of 120 basis points, volume 70 basis points, price cost down 40 basis points, as expected but positive on a dollar basis. EF&C was slightly dilutive and the legal item added 70 basis points for a total reported margin expansion of 190 basis points. Turning to slide 13, as many of you know we’ve done a lot of work over the past five years to position ITW to consistently deliver solid high-quality growth. We have made some good progress in this regard, as 2017 marked their third year in a row of a meaningful improvement in our organic growth rate. As you can see slightly negative organic growth in 2015 with a lot of PLS activity turning positive 1% in 2016, 3% in 2017 and based on this positive momentum, in our current run rates, we expect to make meaningful progress again in 2018 with a growth rate in the 3% to 4% range. Let’s turn to our updated guidance on slide 14. Relative to your December meeting, we raised our full year GAAP EPS guidance at the midpoint by $0.40 or 6% to new range of 745 to 765 which represents 15% year-on-year earnings growth at the 755 midpoint. The $0.40 increase is essentially $0.35 benefit from our estimated lower tax rate of 25% to 26% and $0.05 from current foreign exchange rates. For 2018, we expect organic growth of 3% to 4% based on current run rates and operating margin of 25% to 25.5% with another 100 basis points of structural margin improvement from our enterprise initiatives. Free cash flow conversion is expected to exceed 100% of net income and we’ve allocated $1 billion of surplus capital to share repurchases. As we mentioned earlier, we are planning to increase the dividend payout ratio to a run rate of 50% of free cash flow subject to formal board approval in August. For the first quarter our GAAP EPS guidance is a $1.80 to $1.90 which represents 20% earnings growth year-over-year at the midpoint with organic growth of 3% to 4% in line with current levels of demand. As per usual our guidance is based on current foreign exchange rates and we are estimating a 24.5% to 25.5% tax rate for Q1. So with that, we’ll now open the call to your questions. And Dale, if you could please open the line for the Q&A session of the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Speakers, we do have our first question in queue. This one comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Andrew, your line is now open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So Scott or Mike, you didn’t change your organic growth guidance for 2018, 3% to 4% and we know it’s early in the year. We know your forecast current run rates but you did beat your own organic growth forecast in 4Q was 3.7% and it does seem like many of your businesses are accelerating, you know welding, test and measurement. So why wouldn’t you deliver at least towards the higher end of your organic growth, if current economic conditions hold.
Scott Santi: Sorry about that, by the way the phone ringing in at the background. So essentially I think you’ve pegged it pretty well and the guidance we gave in December was based on activity we were already seeing in the fourth quarter. As you run rate it out, we are still; we think 3 to 4 is the right number. Certainly would acknowledge the fact that there is some momentum building. It is only January, so to the extent things continued on the path of run from the standpoint of the macro environment, I think the possibility is good that we would certainly be in the high end of that range, but from where we sit today, while things are incrementally better, you know the forecast that we gave you in December was based on what we already knew was had going on in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it. And then I have to ask you guys about price versus cost obviously in the sense that you know margin improvement of 4Q was still very strong but maybe slightly light of your forecast given the 50 basis points of price versus cost. You mentioned that you still expect 30 to 40 for 2018, what are the chances that the headwinds from price versus cost gets a little worse before it gets better and you know again you mentioned you are still covering it dollar wise. So, you know how concerned are you about sort of the range to get that on margins given relatively high raw material cost?
Michael Larsen: So Andy, I mean we are closely watching this and there certainly is some inflation that is being addressed in our business units. But, I think we have it well covered in our current guidance. So, as you point out, our strategy in 2017 and it will be the same in 2018 is to offset any material cost inflation dollar for dollar with price, and we have been able to do that successfully at the enterprise level. We have assumed for 2018 that we will see a similar impact from a margin standpoint of 30 to 40 basis points. As we talked about in December in New York to be hopefully somewhat conservative we have baked in some EPS headwind as well on the price cost side. So sudden not complacent and taking action getting price in all of our businesses with automotive being the one that’s a little more challenging just given how that industry is structured, but overall feel good about price cost going into 2018.
Scott Santi: What I would just – would just add to that real quick. I think the reality is as you know this affects percentages, but our – I think we are very comfortable with our ability to recover dollar for dollar. So from the standpoint of actual EPS risk in 2018 we are very comfortable this is not going to be a significant factor as we sit here today.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate it guys, nice quarter.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue comes from John Inch of Deutsche Bank. John, your line is now open.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning, John.
John Inch: Morning guys. So cash flow in 2017 on the conversion side, a little wider, your guide has it above 100%. What were the dynamics and then does that have anything to do, Mike or Scott with kind of $600 million of investment spending and I forget what you said the investment spending is going to be for 2018, but maybe you could add a little more color there?
Scott Santi: Yes, that’s actually not the main driver, John. I mean, our investment was up slightly and that’s really if you look at our CapEx and our R&D spend, it’s typically in that 2% of sales range for CapEx and 1.6%, 1.7% for R&D. And so our sales grow, those investments will grow. Operationally we delivered 100%. There are two things going on in the full year number. One is the decision that we made last year to fully fund our pension plans. We talked about that contribution, I think it was in the second quarter last year, on top of our regular contribution the total was about 150 million. And our pension plans are now fully funded to the point where we stress tested them in another '08 '09 type scenario. We are not going to be in a position where we are underfunded on the pension side. And the other piece that gets you to the 100% free cash flow is just the timing of some cash tax payment in 2017 versus 2016. So operationally we did 100%. Now, if you’re really picky, if you look at Q4, we did see a slight increase in working capital and that’s just to assume, support the higher demand and the increase in backlog that we are seeing in some of our businesses.
John Inch: Which frankly you would have expected, so I think that makes sense. If there is any of the businesses that potentially seem like they maybe could do a bit better, its food equipment and there’s really no evidence of that in the fourth quarter print and your guide kind of around 1% doesn’t anticipate much. Maybe you could just explain to us what could be the variables that could actually drive that business higher? It would obviously be the U.S. economies, it seems to be accelerating. And is Food Equipment, does it typically historically roll higher or could it all of a sudden start to surprise higher. I mean what are the dynamics in that segment that we should be watching for in 2018?
Scott Santi: I think our current view and it is that in the first half of the year we don’t expect much improvement in market conditions in North America. There is some optimism as it relates to the second half. We are modelling at current run rates. We should end up at 2% to 3% for the year, but it continues to be a fairly challenging environment as we’ve talked about for several quarters now in North America.
John Inch: That’s fine. And just last, Michael on tax, one is the 2018 effective rate, the 25, 26 is that kind of a number that sustains, barring any other changes that are unforeseen, meaning you know if you fast forward a few years it should still be 25 to 26 unless something has changed. And then just on that point, I think at the December 1st meeting, you had again informally was it guidance, you said maybe the rate rise in the lower 20s. And I think if there is anything that seems to be a pattern, it’s that you know effective tax rate from the part of the company they are coming in higher than people had otherwise perhaps anticipated, uniformly so I’m just curious if you comment on sort of both fronts. Is the rate higher and why is it higher and then is it sustainable or does it tick higher or lower do you think overtime?
Michael Larsen: Yes, it’s a good question, John. So, to answer your first question, we do expect that this is a year one [ph] run rate of 25 to 26, and as we get ourselves organized here we could potentially see that go lower from here. The rate is slightly higher, not just for us but I think you’ve seen that for others as well then maybe we had expected one, you know the rate, the federal rate went to 21 not to 20. And the other piece is that there are some we believe somewhat unintended consequences in this act associated with a foreign tax, U.S. tax on foreign earnings of the so-called guilty tax  And the way the math works on that, that’s about two points a headwind to the overall rate. Now that could get, that could get further clarified and maybe there is a workaround, but as the math works today, we are sitting at 25 to 26, and maybe a little bit better on a go-forward basis.
John Inch: Meaning if you hadn’t had U.S. tax reform, you were working various angles legitimately to bring your tax rate down. Does U.S. tax reform kind of bump it lower and then you are still on that trajectory or does it actually with guilty etcetera does it kind of plug that? I guess that’s kind of also what I was trying to…
Michael Larsen: No, I think the current rate reflects our current planning, but obviously as these new rules and they are new, we are talking 30 days here, as we analyze and interpret those and those tied back to the comments we made around our capital structure, I mean there’s some far-reaching implications here as we work through that and get our planning organized. I think that that’s what we believe will give us room to lower the rate on a go-forward basis.
John Inch: Got it. Thank you very much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. Joe, your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie: Thank you. Good morning guys, and welcome Karen. So my first question, I guess Michael maybe talking about capital deployment for a second, so clearly nice to see the dividend payout ratio go up and you know the share repurchases, you can easily find out of your free cash flow. So given that you guys are repatriating $2 billion, I’d be curious to hear if you have any initial thoughts on how you are going to allocate that capital?
Michael Larsen: I think Joe, I’ll go back to what I said earlier, is that we are still analyzing all the implications of the new tax law from a capital structure and capital allocation standpoint. As you know, these are pretty significant changes. Some of the rules are not entirely clear yet in terms of their application and we expect to receive a further guidance and we simply haven’t had enough time to really work through this in a deliberate and thoughtful way as the management team and with our board. So we are not at a point today where we can really make any strategic decisions on how we’ll deploy that overseas cash this year and also in the future years as it now is available to us here. And what that exactly it means from a either from a capital structure or a capital allocation framework. So what we can’t tell you is that we are working to get the 2 billion back by year-end. We don’t have the money as we sit here today and we have made the decision to accelerate the dividend payout ratio as we talked about it earlier. And that’s really as far as we can go, as we sit here today and we’ll keep you posted as we work through this. And so if we have more information here, when we report Q1, we’ll give you an update.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, that’s helpful Michael. And maybe my follow on question and just kind of thinking about the end market trends, clearly you guys ended 2017 with a lot of momentum, particularly within your industrial businesses. So I’d be curious to hear your thoughts around you know given this effect of the tax change, some thoughts around you know CapEx potentially reaccelerating here in the U.S. How are you thinking about the industrial businesses particularly and what the growth trajectory for those businesses should look like? And I know you’ve given guidance on a segment basis, but I’m wondering if you are expecting to see an uptake from further CapEx investing across the U.S.?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we are certainly hopeful and the early indications are that we were seeing some acceleration in business investment already, I mean prior to passage, our Q4 rates, you know one of the big deltas was clearly some really meaningful acceleration and demand trends and involving test and measurement and the capital goods components of our specialty segment. And certainly Joe to your point, I think this new tax legislation has great potential to add some further momentum and stimulation to the economy overall and in particular to business investment. So, I think the raw material in terms of some sustained recovery if you will in business investment particularly the U.S. is certainly there, but as is our habit we’ll wait to see it before we plan on it.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And then if I could maybe just add one more Scott, I noticed that your welding business on the international side was down, you know double-digits, can you maybe just a little bit more color on what’s happening within that market?
Scott Santi: Yes. I suppose that's -- they are mostly it's a relatively small part of the overall business as Michael said and our position there is heavily weighted towards oil and gas. So it’s nothing more than that. Certainly it should to the extent it is a turning in – any direction I’d say we are certainly bottoming out there. But I don’t think we are particularly good proxy for the overall welding market internationally, given the narrowness of our position there.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, okay thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Speakers, our next question comes from David Raso of Evercore ISI. David, your line is now open.
David Raso: Good morning. I was curious the organic sales guide for the year, what’s the cadence? The 1Q is three to four – years three to four, what will be the cadence?
Michael Larsen: It’s actually if you look at it at current run rates, the 3 to 4 and I’m not giving guidance for Q2 or Q3 but it’s in that range, and then probably a little bit lower than that in the fourth quarter just on from a comp standpoint.
David Raso: So even as the comps get a little easier 2Q and 3Q, just thinks if it is sort of 3 to 4?
Michael Larsen: Yes, maybe at the higher end of the range, but in that 3 to 4 ranges based on run rates as we sit here today.
David Raso: And the inventory being flat sequentially it’s usually down 6% or so 3Q to 4Q. Where was the inventory in particular held a little higher anticipating superior growth historically?
Michael Larsen: It was pretty broad based, so I think as you would expect the ones with the highest acceleration in Q4 that we just talked about had a little bit more, but overall there is some pretty good momentum across the portfolio here.
Scott Santi: And these are – just to add onto that, the way that gets managed internally whether it’s one year is that’s sort of an automatic reaction, that’s not a full forecast. So just as Michael said it happens because demand dictates, not because we're making our own bet on where things are heading.
David Raso: Yes, nothing really but nothing really anticipatory about it. It's simply the way it works
Scott Santi: No, no this – we don’t as you know most of our businesses are we get the order – today, we shift tomorrow, we’ve replenished inventory the following day and as demand picks up, we build more inventory. And so that’s really what you are seeing. So I think it’s nothing to be alarmed about.
David Raso: All right, appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Ann, your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Yes, good morning.
Scott Santi: Hi, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Hi, I’d like to ask a tax question in kind of a different way. I mean there are lot of changes as you noted that accelerated depreciation on new unused equipment, the elimination of section 1031. You know as you sit there running out a broad base of businesses, do you expect any changes in purchasing behaviour by any of your customers, I mean I’m thinking through the equipment, automotive, welding you know of any changes that you are contemplating in the way people buy your products because of tax changes.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think I’d tie back to what Scott said earlier. It’s really you know on the business investment side were these new accelerated as depreciation rose, I have probably created some positive stimulus and so that it would be primarily test and measurement, welding as well as portions of specialty. So, I think it’s hard to tie back to you know what specific was tax related but I think its part of an overall improving momentum in those businesses.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I appreciate the color. And then on the flip side, a lot of talk about NAFTA and it does seem to be all about automotive and content on where it’s built. If NAFTA were to be eliminated even for a short term and can you talk about what impact it might have or could have on your automotive business?
Michael Larsen: You know and overall what I can tell you is we produce close to where our customers produced in that space. So to the extent this impacts where they choose to produce vehicles and which we have content then we are overtime we would certainly follow those moves. We are well positioned; in fact one of the strengths of our position is our belief to provide copies of that product all over the world, so it's certainly something that is well within our capacity to react to. I can’t really speak as much in terms of overall demand impact for customers in the short run, but I think in terms of does it create any long-term structural issues for us, I can’t really think of any sitting here today.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I’ll leave there. And I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities. Andy, your line is now open.
Andy Casey : Thanks a lot. Good morning everybody. I was wondering if we could go back to test measurement and electronics. Could you give a little bit more color on what happened in the fourth quarter that organic growth rate moved up pretty substantially and part of it seems to be comps, but is there anything else going on there?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think it was pretty broad based really on the test and measurement side and part of what we’re seeing is some strength in the businesses that are tied to the semiconductor end market. But also like I said -- we pointed out, Instron up 8, which we believe again is driven by CapEx, increased demand for CapEx. So those are the two dynamics in test and measurement. We say it looks pretty for the year. In December, we said 4% to 5%, so it’s kind of mid single-digit type growth for test and measurement and electronics, and as we said here today and that supported by the current run rates and the backlog in that business.
Andy Casey : Okay. Thanks Michael. And then, if I look at the components of the 2018 guide and then look at the bottom line just trying to reconcile are you expecting any significant change in below the line items, interest expense or other income?
Michael Larsen: So, I think kind of from a modeling standpoint on the interest expense, it will probably be a little bit higher, not because of an assumption around increased debt, but its really some of the euro denominated debt at current currency rate, so I think that’s a $10 million, $15 million increase, if I remember correctly on the interest expense side. Most everything, depreciation might be up a little bit as a result of the increased investment that we talk about to support the growth this year. The intangibles, we typically go down $10 million to $15 million, so probably a similar trajectory for 2018. And then the other thing that’s little unusual is the unallocated line this year of the legal item is actually showing a positive number. If you take the Q4 number which is the $20 million or so and run rate that out, so about $18 million for the year. I think that gives you kind of the key pieces that you need to put this together for 2018.
Andy Casey : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Jamie your line is now open.
Scott Santi: Hello, Jamie.
Operator: Since Jamie is not responding shall we go to the next question.
Scott Santi: We can go back to the Jamie, if she – he is still there.
Operator: Next question comes from Joel Tiss of BMO.
Joel Tiss: How you are doing guys?
Scott Santi: Hi, Joel.
Joel Tiss: I just wondered if you repatriate some capital and it comes back kind of chunkier, do you think the share repurchases would flow with that? Or they’re going to be more systematic as we go through the year?
Michael Larsen: What I can’t tell you Joel is we have a $1 billion in the plan which is consistent with what we said in December. And from a planning standpoint that’s $250 million a quarter. And as I said early we can really comment on the plans for the additional surplus capital, the $2 billion or so in terms of the timing. It will comeback by year-end, but we’re still working through the exact timing. And then what that means from a capital allocation or capital structure standpoint, it's a little too early to comment on that.
Joel Tiss: And then the same sort of question on acquisitions with this kind of accelerate your thinking on making bigger acquisitions or the same thing that's more of an opportunistic exercise and the capital flows wouldn't have any impact?
Michael Larsen: Yes. This doesn’t have any impact on our thinking around acquisitions.
Joel Tiss: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue is from Mig Dobre of Baird. Mig, your line is now open.
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I want to ask that acquisition question maybe a little differently. Based on what you know thus far from tax reform, are you changing your thinking on M&A at all, meaning, the way you're thinking about tax shields, the way you’re think about the cost of capital, whether or not U.S. acquisitions versus international ones are more or less attractive, really anything different in the wake of this legislation?
Scott Santi: The simple answer is at this point, no.
Mig Dobre: Okay. Then maybe I'll ask a pricing question. You talked about automotive maybe struggling a little bit, but I’m wondering do you have any segments in which pricing is perhaps stronger than you anticipated when you should original guidance at the Analyst Day?
Scott Santi: I think the general framework is really goes back to how we structure the portfolio from a price cost standpoint. So we are operating in spaces and our products are not commodities, their performance matters to the customer, so we expect given that that any changes in input costs over some reasonable period of time that will -- that those changes in input cost will get reflected in the prices we charge our customers, that just been fair, but we are certainly much more oriented towards how do we grow the high-quality portfolio. And so from the standpoint of overall how to manage this we’re just trying to cover the cost and really remain focused on leveraging the portfolio to continue to accelerate organic growth.
Mig Dobre: I appreciate that. I guess I was just wondering on some your businesses that are clearly showing real volume inflection if it's fair to think that those are the ones that are -- getting [Indiscernible] to this point?
Scott Santi: I’m sorry; you broke up on the last part Mig.
Mig Dobre: What I’m trying to get at is, some of your businesses were clearly seeing a volume inflection. I'm wondering if it's fair to assume that these are also the ones that are currently getting the best price out there.
Scott Santi: I don’t know how to.
Michael Larsen: I think, Mig, for us its really – for us price cost is a function of just wanting to recover the inflation that we’re seeing over time. And there is typically a little bit about lag as you saw last year, but we’re not trying to get greedy here and charge more in their business than we normally would, so it doesn’t really impact our thinking.
Mig Dobre: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question in queue is from Steven Fisher of UBS. Steven, your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: Good morning. Just coming back to tax reform and CapEx, I know you said you're still determining your overall capital allocation plans after that include CapEx, and you say that CapEx is a function of sales, but I guess to what extend do you have more motivation to increase your own CapEx as a result of tax changes? And if you did what will be the types of things that you invest in? Would it be automation, more capacity in general, relocating capacities, any thought there?
Scott Santi: I think, Steve, the answer is, if you look at our strong cash flow that we’re already generating and have been for many years. We are already full invested in businesses and in our strategy before the passage of this tax legislation. So there's nothing that we would do or could do now that we didn't do before that would be accretive or at the performance or ability to execute a strategy, so at this point we’re modeling and we penciled in two percent of sales on CapEx. We talked a lot about that in December how we think about these internal investments. And this any changes on the tax side have not – don’t have any impact there.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And I know you're looking for flat commercial construction in 2018 back at the Investor Day. What have you seen over the last month and a half that may shift that in one direction or another if anything?
Scott Santi: I think at this point broadly for construction products we’re still in that 3% to 4% organic growth range for the year and commercial we don't – there’s really no change in terms of our view on the commercial side.
Steven Fisher: Okay. So it’s still flat.
Scott Santi: Yes, flattish. Yes.
Steven Fisher: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question in queue is from Nathan Jones of Stifel. Nathan, your line is now open.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: Michael, the $729 million repatriation charges that your expectation of what the cash charge will be over eight year, so like 90 million a year? And does that include free cash flow?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, if you look at the overall charge, the $658 million is very close to a cash number fin two free cash flow yet the liability will charge 608 million is very close to a cast number for all intents and purposes. So if you look at our balance sheet, you’ll see a payable there, non-current tax payable that 614 and then there’s another 50 million or so in current payables, all related to tax reform. I should point of clarification that the repatriation tax number, the 729 also includes any foreign withholding tax on those cash distribution. So any taxes that are payable overseas related to the 2 billion are already accounted for in that number.
Nathan Jones: Okay. So the 660 odd [ph] is roughly that payment over eight years that you'll get?
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Got it. And then just a question I guess it's around T&M and around the CapEx cycle here, I mean, we've seen pretty good recovery in short cycle general industrial, but I guess one thing that's been missing in his recovery is being really any CapEx cycle. You’ve got a few businesses here related CapEx, I think Intron is one that’s particularly levered to that, that is showing good growth that seems to have inflected higher in the fourth quarter. Is it something that you're expecting to continue? Are you seeing signs ex the impact of the tax bill here? Did kind of CapEx cycle was budding here anyway?
Michael Larsen: I think we’ve seen a pickup in those businesses that goes back to before the passage of the tax act. So these businesses and so test and measurement, welding in particular have been pretty sluggish for a number for years. And I think it the recovery that we saw in those businesses goes back to November – October, November of 2016 and so if anything maybe there some additional stimulus here in those businesses and that would certainly be beneficial to ITW if that’s the case.
Nathan Jones: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next in line is Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Walter, your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask about 2017 organic growth of 2.9% and have you guys been able to parse out how much his internal initiative versus market growth?
Michael Larsen: I’ll tell you we do collect some data on that. I’m not comfortable really sharing that externally. I think it's a combination of the two as we said in the past. I mean, I think clearly what we had point to Walters just look at the progression of overall organic growth rate with more than one percentage point improvement of 15 over 2015, 2016, 2017 and another meaningful improvement in the growth rate for 2018, and its really a combination of things. And I think only recently last year we’ve seen a little bit pickup from a market standpoint, but if you look the last three years we've delivered meaningful improvement really in a pretty sluggish overall pretty challenging macro. So that’s the best thing, so I can give that Walter. It’s a little bit of both.
Walter Liptak: Okay. It looks good. Is the PLS in 2017, have you been able to quantify how much of that one was there?
Michael Larsen: It was for year 50 basis points for the year and 70 basis points in Q4.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Is there any PLS headwind in 2018?
Michael Larsen: It will be probably about the same in 2018, so we’re expecting another 50 basis points here maybe as a result of the reapplication of the -- our 8020 [ph] reapplication initiatives across the businesses and you see the benefits were accruing not just in terms of – from a margin standpoint but also creating a portfolio that has significantly higher organic growth potential.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And then in 2018 the 3% to 4%, I guess it’s probably the same as in 2017 where there is some internal, but it’s hard to pass it out as a ring.
Scott Santi: Yes, it will be a combination again in it. Obviously the further along we are in the process, it would be reasonable to expect a higher contribution from the organic growth initiatives that we are executing across our businesses.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great, okay thank you.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Ross, your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, good morning gentlemen.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Ross Gilardi: I’m just wondering if you talk a little bit more about that strength in the industrial welding part of your business in North America. And are you seeing your customers continuing to ramp production, is the only reason to expect that that won’t accelerate further in 2018 as the year unfolds.
Scott Santi: I think industrial 15 is that’s a pretty solid number, I don’t know if I would count on further acceleration from there on a sequential basis. The comps year-over-year are going to change as we go through the year, but we feel really good about the improved demand on them, on the, on the industrial side.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, thanks. And then just any color on China, you know as this pertains to auto. I realized China auto in the grand scheme of your portfolio is small, but this is an important part of auto and your ability to continue to generate a 1000 plus basis points of our growth in China auto and anything you can say about like what types of products that’s coming from.
Michael Larsen: So I think it’s actually not that small anymore. I mean, that team has been putting up some really strong growth rates for long period of time and as I said for the full year the China automotive business is up 17% and up 14% here in Q4. And when we look at the backlog in terms of further content per vehicle growth that is a sustainable above market growth rate.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thank you very much.
Michael Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We show no further questions in queue, but as a reminder for the participants again [Operator Instructions]. One moment, we’ll wait and check for questions.
Scott Santi: If not Dale, why don’t we just wrap it up here and I’d like to thank everybody for dialing in today and Karen and I are around if you want to give us a call. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Santi - Chairman & CEO Michael Larsen - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Andy Kaplowitz - Citi Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs David Raso - Evercore ISI Mig Dobre - Baird Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steve Fisher - UBS Nathan Jones - Stifel Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Welcome to the ITW’s Q3 2017 Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Michael Larsen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s third quarter 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today’s call, we will discuss our third quarter financial results and update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you on slide two that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the fourth quarter and full year 2017 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2016 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, all. In the third quarter, the ITW team continued to execute at a very high level and as a result, delivered another quarter of strong financial results. Q3 earnings were $1.85 per share, which includes a $0.14 per share benefit from a favorable legal settlement that Michael will discuss shortly. Excluding the impact of this legal settlement, earnings per share increased 14% year-on-year, and operating margins increased 130 basis points to 24.4%, with Enterprise Initiatives contributing 110 basis points of improvement. In addition, we continue to make good headway on organic growth acceleration with continued progress on our organic growth initiatives across all seven of our segments. Year-to-date, our organic growth rate of 2.7% is more than double last year's rate despite the fact that two of our fastest-growing segments, Auto OEM and Food Equipment, are experiencing a little bit of market softness. Based on our solid Q3 results and a fairly stable near-term end market demand environment; we are increasing our full year EPS guidance as we now expect to grow full year earnings by 14% at the midpoint, and that's excluding the 17% per share full year benefit from the legal settlement. Overall, we continue to be very pleased with the progress we are making in leveraging ITW's differentiated business model and high-quality diversified business portfolio to deliver consistent top tier performance. We look forward to updating you on our strategy and long-term performance goals at our Annual Investor Day on December 1. With that, I'll turn the call over to Michael, who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q3 performance and 2017 forecast. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thanks, Scott. I'm on Slide 3 and I'd like to start the financial discussion today by separating the impact of the legal settlement from our underlying operating performance in the quarter. The schedule on Slide 3 lays out the key performance metrics as reported, including GAAP EPS of $1.85, the impact of the legal settlement, you can see the $0.14 benefit to EPS here and all the metrics excluding the legal settlement, with EPS of $1.71, an increase of 14% versus prior year. When I discuss our financial results for Q3 on the following slides, all of the results presented and my supporting commentary exclude the impact of the legal settlement. Okay. So, I'm on Slide 4, and as I mentioned, EPS increased 14% year-over-year to $1.71 and exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.09, with $0.06 contribution from margins and $0.03 from currency translation. As you may know, we've met or exceeded the midpoint of our EPS guidance every quarter since we began executing on our enterprise strategy five years ago. Total revenue was $3.6 billion, an increase of 4% with organic growth of 2%, which was right in line with the midpoint of our guidance. Six of seven segments had positive organic growth, led by Specialty up 5% and Welding and Construction, which were both up 4%. By geography, organic growth was strong internationally, up 4% led by China, which was up 13% and Europe was up 2%. As we discussed on the last earnings call, this quarter had one less shipping day, and in addition, Product Line Simplification ran a little higher than usual and was a 70-basis point drag on our organic growth rate in the quarter. Adjusting for these two items, the underlying organic growth rate is closer to 4% on an equal day basis. Just to remind you that the calendar for Q4 also has one less shipping day which is factored into our guidance. We increased the operating margin by 130 basis points to 24.4%, a new record for the company, driven by our continued progress on enterprise strategy initiatives and positive volume leverage. Enterprise Initiatives contributed 110 basis points of margin expansion, and we continue to have strong momentum on our Strategic Sourcing and 80/20 initiatives. Operating income grew 9% to $881 million, making this quarter the most profitable quarter in the company's history. Free cash flow was solid at 108% of net income, in line with typical seasonality, and it's worth reminding everyone that we raised the annual dividend by 20% in August. Overall, another strong high-quality quarter as the ITW team continues to leverage our highly differentiated business model to consistently deliver top tier results. On slide 5, we've laid out the key drivers of our 130 basis points of operating margin expansion this quarter. Enterprise Initiatives continue to be ITW's main driver of margin expansion as they contributed 110 basis points of structural margin improvement, marking the best quarterly performance so far, this year. Volume leverage was 60 basis points and as expected, price/cost was unfavorable 40 basis points, due primarily to higher steel costs, which impacted a few segments. For comparison purposes, please keep in mind that we do not include Strategic Sourcing savings in our price/cost calculation. Those are reported separately as a part of the Enterprise Initiatives savings number. If we were to include them, price/cost would have been positive and accretive to operating margin in the quarter. As in prior quarters, we more than offset the cost side with price on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We expect that price/cost for the full year will be positive in dollar terms by $30 million to $40 million and unfavorable by approximately 40 basis points to the margin percentage. Overall, really strong operating margin performance, record operating margin performance, in fact, in the quarter. On slide 6, on the left side of the page, you can see what Scott mentioned earlier, the solid progress on organic growth versus last year as reflected by our year-to-date organic growth rate of 2.7% and positive organic growth in all seven segments. Our growth rate of 2.7% is more than double the 1.2% we did in full year 2016 despite the fact that we were expecting a little bit of softness in two of our fastest-growing segments. In terms of operating margin, you can see the results by segment with meaningful sustainable margin expansion as six of seven segments have improved margin on a year-over-year basis. Test & Measurement and Electronics is leading the way in 2017 with 320 basis points followed by Welding up 230 basis points and Specialty up 200 basis points. As expected, Automotive OEM margins are down due to the margin dilution impact from the acquisition of EF&C last year. Excluding the 160 basis points of dilution from EF&C, Automotive OEM margins are up 20 basis points to 24.3%. I will now discuss the segment results starting with Automotive OEM, which delivered organic revenue growth of 1% in Q3 and grew above market in all key geographies as we continue to increase our content per vehicle. In North America, revenue was down 7%, which was better than the decline in auto builds, which were down 10% overall and down 14% at the Detroit 3 where we have relatively higher content per vehicle. Outside North America, growth continued to be very strong, with Europe up 8% and China up 10% versus market growth of 5% and 1%, respectively. The most recent IHS forecast for Q4 auto builds calls for more moderate declines year-over-year, including down 3% in North America and down 9% at the D3. As a result, we now expect full year organic revenue growth in our global Auto OEM segment of approximately 4%, pretty solid considering a second half decline in North America of 7% overall and 12% with the D3. Turning to slide seven. Food Equipment organic revenue this quarter was flat overall as strength in international markets was offset by market softness and difficult comparisons due to the timing of new program rollouts in North America. North America was down 4% with equipment down 6%. However, international equipment was strong, up 6%. Operating margin remained solid at 27.3% despite a little bit of a slowdown in the organic growth rate. Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue grew 1% as Test & Measurement grew by 4%. In the Instron, where demand is tied more closely to the CapEx cycle, organic growth was up 3% as the positive trend continues from the first half of the year. Electronics was down 3% due to a tough comparison versus last year when the business was up 13% due to some one-time large equipment purchases. Operating margin performance was very strong at 24.1%, an improvement of 310 basis points driven by Enterprise Initiatives. As a reminder, the 24.1% includes 300 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition-related intangible assets. Turning to slide eight. The positive momentum in Welding continued with organic growth of 4% in Q3. By geography, North America was up 8% with equipment up 10% and consumables up 5%. Our industrial equipment business, which sells primarily into manufacturing, including automotive and heavy equipment, was strong, up 11% in the quarter, while our commercial equipment business, which sells through distribution to construction, light fabrication, farm and ranch customers, was up a solid 5% year-on-year. International was down 11% due primarily to oil and gas. And keep in mind though that international only represents approximately 20% of our Welding segment. Operating margin was solid at 26.6%, but was negatively impacted by increased restructuring costs in Europe. Excluding these added restructuring expenses, operating margin Q3 would have been up 70 basis points to 27.3%. Polymers & Fluids revenue improved 1% organically with automotive aftermarket up 1%. Fluids, which primarily sells highly-engineered lubricants and cleaners into industrial and commercial end markets, was up 4%, driven by demand internationally. Polymers, which primarily sells engineered adhesives and sealants for industrial MRO and OEM applications, was down 1%. Keep in mind that the 21% operating margin number includes 400 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition-related intangible assets. On Slide 9, Construction Products organic revenue was up 4%. And demand in North America was solid with organic growth up 4% as residential led the way with 7% organic growth. Commercial, which is about 20% of our North American construction business, was down 3%. Europe and Asia Pacific was solid, both up 3%. Operating margin performance was very strong at 25.4%, which represents 280 basis points improvement year-over-year, primarily due to volume leverage and Enterprise Initiatives. Finally, in Specialty Products, organic revenue was strong, up 5% led by the international side, which was up 7% and operating margin was the highest in the company at 27.7%, an increase of 160 basis points due to volume leverage and Enterprise Initiatives. Let's turn to Slide 10 and our updated guidance for the full year and fourth quarter. Starting on the left side of the page, we're showing the as-reported numbers, which include the full year impact of the legal settlement. As a result of our strong Q3 results, we're raising our full year earnings guidance by $0.25 to a new EPS range of $6.62 to $6.72. And the $0.25 increase reflects the $0.09 beat from margins and currency in Q3, $0.14 from the legal settlement and $0.02 from higher operating margins in Q4. At current levels of demand, we expect full year organic growth of 2% to 3%, more than double our 2016 organic growth rate as all seven segments are poised to deliver positive organic growth for the full year. ITW's key performance metrics for the year are expected to be all-time records for the company. Excluding the legal settlement, we expect EPS growth of 14% at the midpoint and operating margin of approximately 24%, an increase of 150 basis points, with Enterprise Initiatives contributing 100 basis points. After-tax ROIC is expected to be approximately 23.5%, and free cash flow is expected to be greater than net income. As you can see, we are projecting another strong year for ITW, a record year. Finally, turning to the fourth quarter, our EPS guidance range is $1.55 to $1.65, an increase of 10% at the midpoint. You may recall that in the fourth quarter last year, we recorded a $0.06 EPS benefit from a special dividend related to an investment. Excluding this item, our fourth quarter EPS guidance represents 15% earnings growth at the midpoint. Finally, we expect organic revenue growth of 2% to 3% and as always, we're factoring current foreign exchange rates and current levels of demand into our forecasts. So, with that, we'll now open up the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is now open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Scott Santi: Hey Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Can you give us a little more color regarding what's going on in Food Equipment? Obviously, U.S. restaurant seems to be a little weak. It's still a small portion of that business for you guys. Did institutional get a little weaker in the quarter? And you did mention the timing of shipments impacting quarter, so how are you thinking about the potential for recovery in the business at this point moving forward?
Michael Larsen: Right, Andy. So clearly, we've seen a little bit of pullback here on the demand side. If you look at it in North America, the equipment side, down 6%. If you look at it by end market, the institutional side was only down slightly, down 1%. And restaurants were actually positive for us, up 1%. And if you'll recall in the last quarter, restaurant was actually down 7%. So, restaurants were up 1%. And then the retail side is where we had the comparison challenge in terms of product rollouts last year that didn't repeat this year in the retail side, which was the scales and the weigh wrap equipment was down 13% on a year-over-year basis.
Andy Kaplowitz: So, Mike, do you see these parts of Food Equipment recovering here, or how should we look at it over the next few quarters? I know in the last quarter, you have said sort of 2% to 3% growth moving forward, but obviously, it's been a little weaker.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I know it's -- you're right, it's been a little bit weaker than expected, and based on what we're seeing in the business, we're not expecting anything very different in Q4, which as always, is based on current run rates. So, we're not seeing anything to suggest that these markets are coming back in the near term.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay. That's helpful. And then Scott or Mike, maybe you could just step back and assess the pivot to growth here in 2017. I know you talked about generating something like 130 basis points of higher organic growth this year versus last year, which is good. But as you move forward here, I mean, the global economy has clearly improved a bit. I'm not sure that you're going to generate 200 basis points above market this year but the goal was for exiting next year. So how does that look at this point, especially if a business like Food Equipment is a little bit slower?
Scott Santi: Well, I think overall, what I would say is we certainly are getting much better balanc across the portfolio. Keep in mind that there is – and this is just repeating something you already know, but there has been an intense focus on a lot of the restructuring initiatives going on inside the company related to our Enterprise Initiatives. 85 divisions across the company all starting to make this pivot, all of them in various – in different stages in terms of making that turn. But I think the encouraging part in terms of what we see is that we're getting better balance across the portfolio. All seven of our businesses are improving in terms of their year-on-year organic growth rate. But it's not a matter of just simply flipping the switch. It is a matter of making a progress on the things that they're focused on internally and then making the shift in terms of the relative balance of effort, energy, attention and investment around growth initiatives. And those are all transitioning across again 85 different divisions across the company. So, I think as we look in terms of our progress to date, I think Michael talked about it, I think our – the fact that we've been able to get the organic growth rate up better than a full percentage point this year relative to last year with the two businesses that were generating the fastest organic growth for us being in -- experiencing some challenging near-term market conditions, I think, overall feels pretty good. And certainly, understanding what's going on inside these businesses and the kind of progress they're making in terms of this turn, I think we're set up well for another -- we'll talk about 2018 in December so we won't get ahead of ourselves, but we expect continued progress in 2018.
Andy Kaplowitz: Scott, I don't want – I know you don't want to get ahead of yourself, but do you still feel confident about accelerating organic growth, lower POS as you go into 2018 and generally momentum from the businesses from pivot to growth?
Scott Santi: Yes, I feel confident that our -- we'll be able to make another step change improvement in overall organic growth rate in 2018 relative to 2017.
Andy Kaplowitz: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: I know you don't really guide quarter-by-quarter, but I'm just wondering it seems that you're not expecting Food to get better anytime soon. So, I'm just wondering if maybe you could just sort of broaden that out in terms of 4Q, the 2% to 3% organic, maybe just throw in a specific comment on Auto. Given the interest there, how do you see the segments relative to the 2% to 3%?
Scott Santi: Yes. I think for Food Equipment, first, Nigel, I would expect a growth rate in Q4 on a year-over-year basis that is similar to what we just had here in Q3, maybe a little bit better than Q3 based on current run rates. I think for the Automotive business, the organic growth rate in Q4, on a year-over-year basis based on current run rates should be slightly better than Q3 and also factoring in the forecast from IHS that I just went through. So, if you look at in Q4, North America is down less than it was in Q4 and the Detroit 3 are down less in Q4 than they were in Q3. So, both those businesses should be in line with Q3, maybe a little bit better on a year-over-year basis in Q4.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And the rest of the segments will be pretty much consistent with what we saw in 3Q as well?
Scott Santi: Exactly. As the momentum is solid in the other five, that's what I would say heading into Q4.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I think what you'll see, Nigel, based on current run rates, most of our businesses will improve their year-over-year organic growth rate in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then just my one follow-on, obviously, the margin trends in aggregates remained very, very strong. Auto margins were slightly weaker year-over-year despite comping the acquisition in 3Q. Maybe just -- maybe Michael or Scott, just discuss the impact of the mix between D3 being down mid-teens versus Europe, Asia up strong? So maybe just talk about that mix and perhaps whether or not we saw a disproportionate impact from raw materials in Auto as well?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. It's actually not that much of a mix issue, Nigel. If you look at our business and you don't see this, but if you look at the profitability by geography, it's very similar across North America, Europe and China. Really, what you're seeing in the Automotive margins is the price/cost equation being negative here in the near term.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie: Thank you and good morning everyone.
Scott Santi: Joe, good morning.
Joe Ritchie: My first question is perhaps just welding margins for a second. I think, the incrementals were, I think, slightly below 30% for the quarter. I know you guys put through some pricing increases as well, so would have just expected that to be a little bit higher. And Michael, I think in your prepared comments, I think you mentioned some restructuring that was coming through in Europe. So maybe to the extent that you can talk about that restructuring, when we’re going to be through it? And anything else that may have affected the incrementals this quarter?
Michael Larsen: The bulk of it, Joe, I mean, so you're seeing a little bit of steel inflation coming through on the Welding side, and then you saw the 70 basis points of increased restructuring costs year-over-year. I think if you look at the year-to-date performance and for the full year, we expect to be in this 27% range in Q4 and for the full year. So really nothing unusual beyond those two items.
Scott Santi: And the European restructuring is a one-quarter event.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, yeah.
Scott Santi: Q3.
Michael Larsen: So, this is a one-time restructuring event, which will have benefits obviously in Q4 and next year.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Maybe – and maybe just a little bit more color. What specifically were you guys doing in Europe from a restructuring standpoint?
Scott Santi: Joe, we typically don't discuss the specifics of those projects. 
Michael Larsen: It's related to Enterprise Initiatives. Nothing unusual out of the ordinary.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. All right. Maybe switching then to price/cost. I know that this quarter, I think you guys did 40 basis points or the 40-basis point drag on margins. I think you guys had expected price/cost to be a little bit less of a drag in the second half of the year. And so, I'm just wondering whether that expectation has now changed. And how should we be then thinking about it also for 2018? Is there an opportunity potentially for this to turn into a tailwind to your margins next year?
Scott Santi: So, Joe, on 2018, I think we're going to have to wait until -- when we get together in New York in December. I think, we haven't rolled out the annual plan here yet, so I wouldn't be -- I really don't want to comment on 2018 yet at this point. I think what we did say on the call last time where the headwind was 50 basis points in Q2, that we expected it to get better from here on out. We just did 40 basis points in Q3. We expect it to be a little bit better than that here in Q4. And so, for the full year, it should be about 40 basis points of headwind. And I'll just -- to put it in context, I mean, we just took up our margin guidance for the full year. We expect to be at 24% operating margin, and that's after offsetting 40 basis points of price/cost headwind here in 2017. So, we -- fundamentally, nothing has changed in terms of how we look at the price/cost equation. Should get a little better in Q4 and then we'll give you an update in December when we get together in New York in terms of what it might look like for 2018.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Raso with ISI Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. First question, I just want to bridge the gap on the faster organic growth in the fourth quarter than third quarter. You didn't call it out but is it Test & Measurement off of an easier comp? Is that really the notable acceleration in organic fourth quarter versus third? Is the other business still…
Scott Santi: A little better Auto.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean, that's part of it. I think, in Electronics this quarter, like, I think, we said in the script here is, Electronics was up 13% last year and so a tough comp and so they will get a little bit better here in the fourth quarter. But I think as we look at it, based on current run rates, the majority of our segments will have a higher year-over-year growth rate in Q4 than they did in Q3.
David Raso: Okay. And that is a set up a bit for when you made the comment earlier about in progress, I don’t know if you would used the word, significant progress on the organic sales growth for next year. I know it's a little bit harder with sales than with margins in a way, but we used to think of the margin story as 100 bps a year. This year, the organic sales growth accelerated, if you hit your number, about 120 bps. Just so we can frame the expectations going into the December meeting, when you say significant progress, can you at least give us some idea of -- I mean, people just trying to figure out if the CapEx businesses may be aren't coming back quite as quickly as we like. In Auto, maybe a slower just given the strong growth to start this year. Where are the businesses that we expect accelerated growth? Is it the business that are doing pretty well now? Or is it some of the laggers like Polymers and Food stepping it up? If you can just kind of help frame the acceleration for next year that you speak to.
Scott Santi: Yeah. I think we’ve got to defer you to December, sorry. Our plans are still coming together. I would expect every one of our seven businesses to be better in 2018 than they were in 2017.
Michael Larsen: Okay. Yeah.
David Raso: So organically every business faster growth rate in 2018?
Scott Santi: Organic and on margins, too.
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Scott Santi: Now what exactly that looks like, we got to get through the annual plan process here and then we'll -- we can talk about it in December.
David Raso: No, that's helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Scott Santi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is now open.
Mig Dobre: Yes. Good morning everyone.
Scott Santi: Hi, Mig.
Mig Dobre: Just maybe to follow-up a bit on David's line of questioning here. I guess I'm wondering, when you're looking at your business this year, obviously, it's done better from an organic growth standpoint. But broadly speaking, growth has been considerably better. I mean, PMI, for instance, is now at the highest level since 2004 and who knows, chances are it's probably not going to accelerate from here as we look at 2018. So, if you're thinking about accelerating organic growth, how much of it would you say is going to be within your control, things like PLS or new products or things of that nature as opposed to simply end markets being better?
Scott Santi: Well, I'd make two comments. One is that -- one would be just to remind you that PMI was strong in 2014, 2015 and 2016 when overall organic rates in our industry were not particularly strong, so I'm not sure that, that's the best parameter necessarily. But I would say overall is we are all about what's within our control. So as Michael said, none of our forecast is ever related to anything other than current run rates and what we expect to do incremental beyond that. So, everything that we are committing to, everything that we are working on is all in the realm of the various areas within our control. So, pivot to organic growth is much more focused on, as we talked about, additional penetration opportunities with our biggest and best customers, a very healthy and productive new product pipeline and some combination thereof across all sets of our businesses.
Mig Dobre: Is it fair to expect lower drag from PLS next year?
Scott Santi: I think it'll -- it's hard to tell. It may be in line with what we're seeing this year, maybe a little bit lower than that. I'll just -- the PLS is a drag on organic growth rate but it is really a very positive thing for what we're trying to do from an 80/20 standpoint. It really sets up the portfolio for much stronger organic growth on a go-forward basis with best-in-class margins and returns. So, we haven't talked about it much this year. We – I mentioned it today because it was a little bit higher, it can be a little bit lumpy as we go through these projects across 85 divisions. And when we rolled it out, we were a little bit higher than the average for this year. But in 2018, we're probably going to enter into more of a maintenance mode. What that number looks like, I don't know right now but it's probably a little bit lower than what we have seen this year. 
Mig Dobre: Okay. Great. Lastly, on Specialty Product, there were some headlines early in the quarter here that the Zip-Pak business had three trademarks canceled. I guess, I'm wondering if there's any comment as to how this might impact either the revenue stream going forward or any impact to margin for the Zip-Pak business. Thanks.
Scott Santi: Yeah, thanks. There's no impact from that.
Mig Dobre: All right. Thank you.
Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Scott Santi: Hi, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Just a point of clarification. On the price/cost versus the enterprise strategic sourcing savings, is the right way to think about that price/cost being more perhaps steel inflation showing up in the gross margins versus enterprise strategic sourcing savings maybe being more indirect savings like travel, et cetera? Is that the right way to think about it conceptually?
Scott Santi: So, I'd say that the first point of your question was correct that you do see the impact of price/cost in gross margins. But you also see the impact of the strategic sourcing efforts in the gross margins.
Michael Larsen: At this point, that's where the 80 of the benefit is, right.
Scott Santi: So really on the indirect side is not -- it's really primarily on the direct side. And the only point we're making, Ann, is if we take those -- if we were to report those Strategic Sourcing savings in the price/cost number as some of our peers are doing, not saying it’s good or bad, I'm just saying the way we report it looks a little bit different than some of our peers, the price/cost equation would be positive this year and it would have been positive in Q3.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I appreciate that. I just wanted to make sure I was thinking about it conceptually the right way.
Scott Santi: Yeah. That's fair.
Ann Duignan: Then on the remainder of your businesses, could you just talk, I guess, specifically construction and maybe welding? Was there any impact on your business? I think about the welding business, you can use those welders with backup power units. Any impact on either welding or construction in the back of the storms or anything anticipated going forward?
Scott Santi: Yeah, so Ann, let me just say first, we have more than 300 employees in Houston, 400 in Florida, 20 employees in Puerto Rico, and the most important thing as we talked about the impact of the storms is that they're all safe and we're only a small number of them are personally invited. And all of our facilities, the eight facilities in the region, we didn't have a lot of significant damage and we're back up – and they were back up and running pretty quickly. So, in terms of the results here in the near term, there were certainly some puts and takes by business, which is what you're getting at. We did see a little bit of an uptick on the welding side as well as the construction side. And that was offset actually by some Food Equipment orders that were not shipped into the region where the customer elected to defer for now. So overall, probably neutral for ITW here in terms of the third quarter. I think longer term this will probably be a net positive for some of our businesses, especially on the Construction side. But we've not put anything in the forecast at this point.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I’ll take it offline and get back. Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. A couple of questions. I guess, first question, obviously, you guys have done a phenomenal job on the margin side in terms of Enterprise Initiatives. As we think about the different business segments, are there certain segments where you feel like you that story sort of played out and there's not as much to do within your control and we should think about margins more driven by volumes versus incremental help from the Enterprise Initiatives as we think to 2018?
Michael Larsen: Yeah, thank you, Jamie. And I think we would – the way we think about it is that despite the considerable progress at the enterprise level and also by segment that we've shown you that data in the past, we believe that there's more room for improvement here. And I think that's a -- we believe that's true for all of our segments and that's based on what they're telling us. This is not what we here at corporate think. This is based on the roll up from the divisions. And we'll see what 2018 looks like, but we expect at least another 100 basis points of margin expansion just from the Enterprise Initiatives alone. And just as an aside, if you look at – 
Scott Santi: It's in 2018 over 2017.
Michael Larsen: In 2018 over 2017. And just as an aside, if you look at Q3, every one of the segments had at least 90 basis points of Enterprise Initiative impact. So, it’s broad-based, it's still going on and is having a meaningful impact on our margins. The other point, I'll just make, if you look at – if you go back to slide 6 on the deck, you can see that our seven segments are all starting to cluster around the mid to high 20s from an operating margin standpoint. And some of these businesses have improved by more than 10 percentage points since we started the enterprise strategy. And I think that the fact that they're now clustering in the mid-20s really speaks to how powerful, our differentiated business model is. And as we continue to focus on leveraging that, we expect to continue to see improved margins across the portfolio, and therefore also at the enterprise level.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steve Fisher: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Steve Fisher: Michael, you mentioned that PLS can be lumpy, but to what extent was that PLS drag in the quarter plan going into the quarter? Or was that an adjustment that you made as the quarter progressed? Just wondering where you felt the need to do more PLS or kind of where you found the opportunity?
Michael Larsen: Yeah, so this was all planned, Steve, at the division level. So, I think I can't really point to any one segment. There's still –the 80/20 initiatives are broad-based across 85 divisions. And like I said, when you we rolled up the number for the quarter, it was 70 basis points, a little bit higher than what we had expected maybe, but that's actually a good thing, as I tried to say earlier.
Steve Fisher: Okay. And you mentioned some of the puts and takes of the hurricane in September. But more broadly, did you see any particular acceleration or deceleration as the quarter progressed? 
Michael Larsen: No, I think when we looked at the monthlies they were all right in line with run rate and what we had expected. So, nothing unusual from a monthly standpoint.
Steve Fisher: Okay. And then just real quick, the commercial construction looked like it flipped to a minus 3% from positive 3% last quarter. Was that just a comps thing or is there something moderating there?
Michael Larsen: I think that business can be – commercial construction side can be a little lumpy. I think that market, I would probably say, is flat to maybe slightly negative, maybe slowing a little bit on the commercial construction side, but more than offset by the 7% growth that you saw in residential. And just if you look at commercial construction business on a year-to-date basis, it's flat, which is probably in line with where we see the market right now.
Steve Fisher: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: Just a question on corporate expense. You guys have had fairly low corporate expense this year, even adjusting out the legal sentiment. Can you talk about what we should expect for our quarterly run rate, say in the fourth quarter and going into 2018?
Scott Santi: So, if you look at, Nathan, so there's a line in the income statement in the schedule on the back where we typically, on a quarterly basis, have $20 million of unallocated cost. That has flipped positive with the legal settlement. I would expect for next year that our corporate cost will be flat on a year-over-year basis. And so, as a result of that, you'll see – we will come back to that $20 million of unallocated cost in the income statement as we go through next year on a quarterly basis. So, don't expect any big changes from a corporate cost standpoint.
Nathan Jones: Okay, so about $80 million next year. Then just one question on the international Welding business. You said that was mostly dragged down by the oil and gas market. Is it possible for you to give us any information on how the international Welding business did ex the oil and gas market?
Scott Santi: It's really the majority of what we're showing there is oil and gas, so international was down. I think oil and gas international was down 11%, which is in line with the overall number for the international side.
Michael Larsen: The vast majority of our international sales, so I don't think we have much in terms of read-through.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much. 
Scott Santi: Right.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joe O'Dea: Looks like another quarter of good growth out of China. And I think actually looked like some acceleration from 2Q, given a harder comp. We see the data on the Auto side, but just if you could talk about China a little bit more broadly, maybe where you're seeing some sources of acceleration there and kind of confidence that you have in those demand levels as we move forward.
Scott Santi: Yes. I think, Joe, if you remember last year, the Auto business in China was up 40% year-over-year, so that was – so this was a tough comp, and despite that, the business was up 10%, the Automotive business in China. When we look at China, it's – the strength is really broad-based. So, Test & Measurement, Food, Polymers & Fluids, Welding all positive, Specialty Products all positive here in the third quarter, up 13%. And on a year-to-date basis, the same is true and our businesses in China are up 15% on a year-to-date basis.
Joe O'Dea: That's really helpful. And then, I guess, just along that, no signs of something within the quarter that would have been a particular boost? That's more kind of stable demand that you see that's supporting that growth?
Scott Santi: Yeah, no, I think across the board really stable overall, like I said, China up 13%.
Joe O'Dea: Great. And then just on price/cost, when you talk about the split between the dollars and the margin, when you think about the typical lag, if you can kind of characterize it in any sort of typical fashion, what do you generally see as the lag time before we'd start to see margin come back so that you're at least net neutral on price/cost?
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's about two quarters until we've offset any -- the material cost side with price, about two quarters historically so.
Joe O'Dea: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Scott Santi: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no questions in queue at this time speakers. End of Q&A
Michael Larsen: All right, thank you very much, and thanks for dialing in. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Larsen - SVP and CFO Scott Santi - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: John Inch - Deutsche Bank Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi David Raso - Evercore ISI Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Fisher - UBS Mig Dobre - Baird Nathan Jones - Stifel Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to ITW's Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I’d like to turn the call over to Michael Larsen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Larsen: Okay, thank you Bob. Good morning and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our second quarter financial results and update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the third quarter and full-year 2017 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the Company's 2016 Form 10-K for more detail, but important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. And while we use very few non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thanks Michael and good morning. Overall, ITW continued to execute well in the second quarter as we delivered strong results and established several new all-time performance records for the company. Earnings per share of $1.69 was up 16% year-on-year, 14% if you exclude the $0.03 of share benefit from a legal settlement that we recognized in the quarter. Operating income of $874 million was up 10% year-on-year, was the highest quarterly operating income in the company's history. Q2 operating margin of 24.3% was also an all-time record for the company and was up 120 basis points, with enterprise initiatives contributing 100 basis points of improvement.  After-tax return on invested capital improved 190 basis points to 24.8%. We are continuing to make good progress our pivotal organic growth. Year-to-date, our organic growth rate is up 3%, is up almost 2 full percentage points versus last year reflecting both improving demand in our industrial facing businesses, particularly Welding and Test & Measurement, and Electronics and continued progress on organic growth framework initiatives across all seven of our segments. Based on our Q2 and a relatively stable near-term end market demand environment, we're increasing our full-year EPS guidance by $0.12 at the midpoint.  Overall, we continue to make good progress on our path to ITW’s full potential and the company is well positioned to deliver continued strong performance in the second half and beyond. With that I'll turn the call over to Michael who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q2 results and updated 2017 forecast. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott. So starting with Slide 3, GAAP EPS increased 16% to $1.69. Total revenue was $3.6 billion, an increase of 4.9%, with organic growth of 2.6%. Organic growth was positive in all major geographies with North America up 1.4% and international up 4.2%, driven primarily by Europe, which was up 3.4% and China which was up 13.3%. Six of our seven segments had positive organic growth. It was great to see welding turn positive, up 3% for the first time since 2014.  Sequentially, from Q1 to Q2, organic revenues accelerated 2.8%. Ahead of our historical run rate as welding, test and measurement electronics, and specialty products all exceeded their Q1 run rate. We increased operating margin 120 basis points over last year, which was driven primarily by continued progress on our enterprise strategy initiatives and volume leverage. Enterprise initiatives contributed 100 basis points of margin expansion. And five of seven segments increased operating margin. Operating income grew 10% to 874 million, making this quarter the most profitable quarter in the company's history. As Scott mentioned, we recorded an EPS benefit of $0.03 per share related to confidential legal settlement. Excluding this item, second quarter earnings were a $1.66 per share, an increase of 14% versus the prior year. Our effective tax rate was 28.4% in the second quarter, in line with our expectations. Free cash flow of 502 million adjusted for a discretionary pension contribution of $115 million was 85% of net income, which is in line with typical seasonality. In the quarter, we made the decision to accelerate future pension contributions, with surplus cash, essentially fully funding our US plan and setting the stage for lower pension contributions in the future. On Slide 4, you can see that we achieved an all-time record for operating margin in the quarter. Once again enterprise initiatives contributed 100 basis points of structural margin improvement. In addition, volume leverage contributed 50 basis points. As expected, price cost was unfavorable due primarily to higher steel costs in two segments; automotive OEM and construction. At current raw material costs and with our 2017 price adjustments, we expect that price cost for the full year will be positive in dollar terms, but slightly unfavorable 20 to 40 basis points to margin percentage.  The legal settlement that I mentioned a minute ago contributed 40 basis points and EF&C diluted margins by 60 basis points as expected. We added a line to the margin work to point out the timing impact of lower restructuring spend in Q2 that will catch up in the second half and overhead management efficiencies that we’ve planned for the second half that we were able to accelerate into Q2. Combined these two items contributed the balance 40 basis points. In total, margin improved 120 basis points in the quarter On Slide 5, you can see our strong first half 2017 performance at the enterprise level, with 18% earnings growth and 3% organic growth. We improved our operating margin by 120 basis points to 23.8% and grew operating income by 11% to 1.7 billion. Free cash flow was 946 million adjusted for pension. Overall, strong performance in the first half of 2017 and positive momentum going into the second half.  Turning to Slide 6, on the left side of the page you can see what Scott mentioned a minute ago. The solid first half progress on organic growth versus last year as reflected by our first half organic growth rate of 3% as compared to 1.2% in 2016. You can see the results by segment with meaningful improvement in end market conditions in our Welding and Test & Measurement, Electronics segments, continued strong above market organic growth from our Automotive OEM segment and continued progress on our pivotal growth efforts across all seven of our segments. We also laid out the progress on margins with six of seven segments expanding margins on a year-over-year basis. Excluding the 270 basis points of dilution from the EF&C acquisition, automotive OEM margins would be up 190 basis points to 26% and all seven segments which show margin improvement. I’ll now discuss the segment results in a little more detail starting with automotive OEM, which delivered another strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 4%, more than 400 basis points above global car builds.  In North America, the business was flat as auto builds declined 3% overall, with builds down 6% for the Detroit 3 where we have relatively higher content. Outside North America, growth continued to be very strong, with Europe up 7% with builds down 3% and China was up 17%, all significantly above market as we continue to increase our content per vehicle, particularly with domestic OEMs. As we have discussed since December last year, IHS is forecasting a decline in domestic auto builds in the second half of 6% in Q3 and moderating to 2% in Q4. Our full-year guidance incorporates this IHS forecast as it currently stands, which results in full-year organic growth from automotive OEM business of approximately 3%. Operating margin was 22.3%, lower than last year due to EF&C.  Turning to Slide 7, Food Equipment was up 1% organically. North America was down 1% against a challenging comparison versus the prior. North America equipment was down 2% and service was up 1%. Internationally, equipment was up 3% and service was also up 1%. Operating margin improved 140 basis points to 26.4% due to enterprise initiatives. We had another solid quarter in test and measurement and electronics with organic growth of 4%. Test & Measurement grew organic revenue by 6% with continued solid demand in semiconductor related end markets. In our Instron business, where demand is tied more closely to business investment, organic growth was up 4%, which is a good sign for the second half. Electronics was up 3%. Operating margin improved 330 basis points to 21.9%, driven by enterprise initiatives and volume leverage. As a reminder the 21.9% includes 320 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition related intangible assets.  Turning to Slide 8, demand in welding continues to improve as organic growth was up 3% in Q2. Excluding normal seasonality, demand improved 1.5% sequentially from Q1 to Q2 and year-over-year equipment was up 7% and consumables were down slightly 2%. By geography, North America which is approximately 80% of our business, up 5%, driven by solid growth in both our industrial and commercial equipment businesses. Our commercial equipment business which sells through distribution to construction, light fabrication, farm and ranch customers was up 5% year on year in Q2. And it was very encouraging to see that our industrial equipment business which sells primarily into manufacturing including automotive and heavy equipment was also up 5% in the quarter. Operating margin performance was very strong at 27.2%, driven by enterprise initiatives and lower restructuring. Polymers & fluids revenue declined 1% organically, with automotive aftermarket down 2%, fluids which primarily sells highly engineered lubricants and cleaners into industrial and commercial end markets was up 1%. And Polymers which primarily sells engineered adhesives and sealants for industrial MRO and OEM applications was down 1%.  Operating margin improved 50 basis points to 21.4%, which includes 400 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition-related intangible assets. In Slide 9, construction products organic revenue was up 2%, demand in North America was solid with organic growth of 3%, both commercial and residential were up 3%. Europe was flat and Asia Pacific was up 1%. Operating margin was 24% down slightly due to headwind on price cost driven by the price of steel. Finally, in specialty products, organic revenue was up 4% with continued strong above market organic growth of 5% in our consumer packaging businesses. Operating margin was the highest in the company at 28.3%, an increase of 230 basis points due to volume leverage and enterprise initiatives. Turning to Slide 10 and our updated guidance for 2017. As a result of our strong Q2 results and based on current foreign exchange rates, we’re raising our full-year earnings guidance by $0.12 to a new EPS range of $6.32 to $6.52. And the increase reflects the $0.09 beat [ph] from Q2 and $0.03 from favorable foreign exchange rates.  Also, at current levels of demand, we expect organic growth of 2% to 4% for the year. And we're raising our margin expectation to approximately 24%. For the third quarter, EPS guidance is a $1.57 to $1.67 with organic growth of 1% to 3%, which includes the impact I discussed previously of the decline in domestic auto builds. Finally, our third quarter and revised full-year EPS guidance does not include any EPS benefit from the previously disclosed legal settlement beyond the $0.03 per share recorded in the second quarter. With that Bob, we will now open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from John Inch of Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line is open.
John Inch: Can we start off this line item unallocated in the op margins? I'm trying to remember what is that because it's run rate kind of in the mid 20s down to sort of - it was sort of a source of significant income, why was it almost zero this quarter? Is there any explanation?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So that is the impact of the illegal settlement, which was booked in that line item essentially. So what we do is we allocate our corporate cost to the segments on a percentage of revenue basis and because our corporate costs went down as a result of the legal settlement, we allocated less to the segments this quarter. So that's what you're seeing in that line, John.
John Inch: So was it about 20 [indiscernible] Michael, kind of the run rate that has been? There's nothing else in there, right?
Michael Larsen: No, there's nothing else of significance in there, yes.
John Inch: Food equipment was a little weak and it seemed like - if I go back to my notes, I thought some projects, I realized it was a tough compare, but I thought projects were being - have been deferred from the first quarter into the second quarter. Did those not hit or was there anything else kind of going on in the segment?
Scott Santi: Those did John, that was on the international side and you international up a solid 3% in line with expectations. I think what you saw a little bit in Q2 here was a slowdown on the restaurant side of the business, which is only about 20% of our business, but it was down in the 7% range. Our business as you know is primarily focused on the institutional side and institutional was actually up in that 2% to 3% range in the quarter. And for us, the QSR side was also positive and the retail side. So overall, the slight slowdown that you're seeing here is as a result of the restaurant side. And as we look into the second half here based on the current run rates and backlog in that business, we’ll be back in that 2% to 3% range organic growth in the second half for the business.
John Inch: And then lastly Michael, your auto guidance, you’re still sticking to the 3, so that implies your core growth – ITW’s core growth is going to go negative in the second half? How would you parse that out sort of between third and fourth quarter?
Michael Larsen: So the decline in automotive OEM, if you look at in the second half is going to be in Q3. So that's when you see the bulk of the decline in North America auto builds down 6% and actually down more than that with the D3s where we have relatively higher content. And then the decline in builds moderates in Q4. And so, if you translate that that's part of what's driving the Q3 versus Q4 organic growth rate for the company. So we’ll be you know we are guiding to 1% to 3% for Q3 and that implies a better organic growth rate than that in the fourth quarter, really primarily driven by the auto builds.
John Inch: Right, which helps to explain why your fourth quarter EPS doesn't decline sequentially as much as it does or as it has historically, is that a fair statement?
Michael Larsen: That is a fair statement.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz. Andy, your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So Michael, this one might be for you. Maybe talking about price versus cost in general, I know you mentioned that you would have 20 to 40 basis points of headwind this year; I think you had talked about 10 to 30 last quarter. It doesn't look like that big a deal on the total impact of ITW, but it lead to a decline as you mentioned in construction products. So as you go forward here, can you pass through more price in that segment to offset rising costs or should we set out flat margin profile for that segment going forward for a while because of price versus cost?
Michael Larsen: Andy, let me just put it in context, I mean, we just reported record operating margins at 24.3%. So price cost was a little bit more of a headwind really as a result of the primarily the price of steel. We have passed on - we’ve made the price adjustments essentially we need to make for 2017 and we're set up for the pressure on price cost to moderate here in the second half of the year and margins would continue to improve from here on the construction side.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And Scott, shifting over to welding, obviously it's continuing to improve. I know in the past we talked about, you know, welding used to be a high-single digit growth business and assuming that this is a relatively traditional recovery, is it fair to say that welding growth could get back here into at least the mid-single digits has it’s been in the past. And do you have any visibility that tells you that we're still on the sort of upward glide. I know you mentioned the better industrial results. So, is that the way to look at it going forward?
Scott Santi: I absolutely believe that the underlying potential is every bit as positive in welding as it has been historically on a go forward basis. We are, you know, Michael talked about it, I think the encouraging thing in Q2 is that we saw the industrial side of that business turn positive in a pretty significant way in Q2. I think it's, you know, we hate to call one quarter trend. So I think we're in the wait and see mode here a little bit, but overall I would say that we are at least hopeful that what we saw in the second quarter will continue and if it does, then we would expect welding to be back at some point here to its traditional place in our portfolio as one of the strongest organic growers in the company.
Operator: Next question is from David Raso of Evercore ISI. David, your lines open.
David Raso: I was curious about the guidance, the organic sales growth guidance. If 3Q does come in at your guidance of positive 2%, to reach the full-year guide it implies the fourth quarter again. It clearly has to reaccelerate close to 4%. Can you explain why do you expect that much of an acceleration in the fourth quarter?
Michael Larsen: I think we’ve just talked about this a couple minutes ago. I mean the key driver here is really if you look at the IHS forecast for the second half, the decline in domestic builds is greater in Q3 than Q4. So that delta is really what's driving the bulk of what you're describing, which is a 1% to 3% organic growth rate expected for Q3 and then implied a higher growth rate than that for Q4. So it's primarily driven by the forecast for auto builds in North America.
David Raso: So for the fourth quarter, are there any other businesses that we should be thoughtful about that you expect an acceleration or is it really that significantly sensitive to the auto swing in 3Q and 4Q year-over-year.
Michael Larsen: All of the other businesses, David, as we usually do is a model based on current run rate adjusted for typical seasonality.
Scott Santi: [indiscernible] industrial.
Michael Larsen: Right, I mean, that’s the other thing. I mean, we are seeing what we just talked about, you know, the industrial businesses; welding, test & measurement, electronics, there is some positive momentum in those businesses. But it is primarily driven…
David Raso: Run rated out from here.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean what we usually do is we take current Q2 run rate and order rate and we run rate amount adjust for seasonality, but there is no assumption of a significant acceleration beyond that built into Q4.
David Raso: But that math is what it is, just taken some of those CapEx businesses, run rates run them out. They do give you a little better organic growth in 4Q then 3Q or recently right, that's the idea of…
Michael Larsen: Yeah.
David Raso: Solely auto, but auto is the main issue. Second question, last question, the gross margin is down year over year; they haven't been down year over year for six years. I wish all my companies could have 42% gross margins, but still to see it down 70 bps year-over-year, was that what you were expecting and is that how we should think of the rest of the year if you can explain that in more detail?
Michael Larsen: Yeah I think price cost was a little more unfavorable than maybe we expected. We've talked about this lag in the past between when you start realizing price increases and when the material costs show up in the income statement. And I think what the timing was off maybe a little bit versus what we expected, but as I also said on price cost, we would expect that to start to moderate that pressure here as we go into the second half. We've made the price adjustments we need to make based on current material cost and if anything some of the pressure we've seen on steel may be easing here in the second half. So we feel fairly confident that we have this one baked in our guidance for the rest of the year.
David Raso: So for the full year, if you think about the growth, the operating margin is up 150 bps. Do you expect any improvement year-over-year in the gross margin or is it more of an SG&A story for this year?
Michael Larsen: It’s both; you will see both, David.
David Raso: So you expect gross margins to be still higher year-over-year, okay. Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. Nigel, your line is open. * *** 24-48 *** Nigel, your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Couple of quick follow-ups. Just as kind of, just to put final points on the second half auto, it looks from your comments Mike that your [indiscernible] in 3Q and then flat in 4Q. Is that a fair run rate?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So we -- I’d rather not Nigel -- if I start giving guidance by segment here based on external forecasts, it gets a little tricky, so I'd rather not go down that path, but I think if you model this, you can yourself, based on the data we have provided you, can get pretty close.
Nigel Coe: And then just thinking about welding, obviously welding is coming off the trough, so the recovery is going to be somewhat lumpy, but if you think about the sequentials from what we saw in the first half to the second half, we normally see seasonality down slightly from the first half, but obviously coming off the trough, it could be a little bit better than that. So how do you view the second half versus first half in welding?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean that is correct. I mean, we've modeled the second half based on current run rates, which is the commercial side, up 5; the industrial side, which was the new news, up 5, that business was down 2 in prior quarter; and then oil and gas is still flattish, down actually 1% here in Q2. So we haven't seen a pickup on that side yet.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And just a quick follow-on on the margin bridge, you actually called out overhead efficiency and restructuring of 40 bps, but what exactly is overhead efficiency and how does that differ from the enterprise initiatives?
Michael Larsen: This is more discretionary cost management, so it's your day-to-day blocking and tackling on the cost side.
Operator: Next question is from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. Joe, your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: So I guess my first question is on, maybe if you can give a little bit more color on EF&C and the progress that you're making there on the margin side and I guess the reason I'm asking the question is because it seemed to have a little bit more of a negative impact in 2Q to 1Q. So any color around that would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think we're really pleased with the progress and maybe I’ll let Scott talk to the operational side, but on the financial side, we are ahead of what we had modeled when we made the acquisition by a pretty wide margin at this point. As you may recall, they came in at EBIT margins in that 7% range. A year later, we are already at 11. So I think we’re really pleased with what we're seeing financially and then maybe operationally. Scott -- 
Scott Santi: I would just reiterate what we've talked about in the past, which is it’s a terrific fit with our business I think from a leadership, the quality of the leadership team that we've inherited, we are very pleased. It is all going very well. It does take some time to do what we usually do. So this is a four to five year integration process. And as Michael said, we are ahead of the game, but we are, at this point, four quarters in on a four or five year run. So -- but so far it's been everything we hoped that would be.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That's good to hear. And I guess as my follow-on question, maybe going back to a little bit of discussion here so far an organic growth, so clearly understand the auto build down in the second half of the year and then you guys take a run rate on the rest of your businesses. But to the extent you can provide any color on how business trends went throughout the quarter on the remaining businesses, that would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes, actually we – typically, we don't see much anything unusual. We actually did see quite an improvement in the month of June. So we feel really good about the momentum going into the third quarter here.
Joe Ritchie: Was it anywhere specifically Michael?
Michael Larsen: It was actually broad based and the international side continues to be strong. And then in North America, in the month of June, now, it's one month, so I wouldn't read too much into it, but really broad based, a meaningful organic growth rate in the mid-single digits, maybe a little higher than that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Ann, your line is open.
Ann Duignan: If we could just focus on foodservice again, just given all the headwinds that are facing the restaurants in this environment, are you seeing any increase in competition for your institutional business, I mean, you've always had a strength in that segment, but I'm just curious if restaurant is under pressure, are the competitors refocusing their efforts on institutional, if you could just give us some color there would be great.
Michael Larsen: Ann, this is Michael. We haven't seen any change in the competitive dynamics on the institutional side. As you pointed out, we have a really strong position there that's been our focus for a long time and we were pleased to see the business up in a year-over-year basis, again in Q2 and feel very good about our competitive position.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then as my follow up, could you just talk about share repurchase and what your ending share count was on a diluted basis at the end of quarter? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think we ended up at 347 and so we are executing the program we laid out back in December, which is $1 billion for the year. $250 million per quarter is the plan and that is the plan for the back half here in Q3 and Q4. I will point out that we have a board meeting coming up where we will, as we typically do, discuss capital allocation and surplus capital deployment specifically and after that meeting, here in a couple of weeks, we’ll provide an update, not just into the dividend, but also any potential further share repurchases for the year.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And any update on acquisition pipeline.
Michael Larsen: Not much of an update here, Ann. We’re not necessarily a great proxy for what's going on in the broader M&A market. I mean, we're really focused on executing this enterprise strategy and deliver the types of results that you've seen from us over the last four years. So that's our primary focus right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities. Andy, your line is open.
Andy Casey: A lot obviously has been covered already, a couple of detailed points on total revenue, you raised it a little bit. It looks like it's based primarily on currency. What sort of translation rates are you building in there specifically for the euro?
Michael Larsen: Yes. So currency was still a headwind in Q2 and what we, as we always do, Andy, we're modeling based on current rates. So I think if you look today, it’s about 1.17 for the euro. Last year, I think we were 1.12 average. That dealt, the $0.05 just as a rule of thumb drives $0.05 of EPS for the full year. And so in the second half, that’s the $0.03 of EPS favorability versus guidance. But it's nice to see that if rates stay where they are, we're not going to be talking about headwind on currency, which it's been a while since we're able to say that.
Andy Casey: Sure. That it good news. Second one, when you look across your businesses and including the comment you made to an earlier question about June seeing disproportionate strength relative to the rest of the quarter, did that drive any incremental backlog growth at the end of the quarter that you will realize in the second half.
Michael Larsen: Andy, most of our business is really booking and ship -- I mean we get the order today, we ship tomorrow and replenish the inventory the day after. So we tend to be fairly short cycle and so we've not seen a significant change in backlog. And as I say, we’re not really a backlog driven company. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher of UBS. Sir, your line is open.
Steven Fisher: You guys have a few businesses that have margins that are notably below the rest of the company at this point and looking at test and measurement, autos, polymers and fluid, I know you have had obviously in test and measurement, a pretty good year-over-year improvement, which is impressive, but how focused are you on bringing those segments up to the company average or margin improvement results come more so from the other businesses.
Michael Larsen: The ones that stick out and if you go to the, there's a schedule in the 8-K, attached to the press release that actually lays out the impact that I talked about on the call, I talk about every call of the amortization of the intangibles related to acquisitions and due to the more recent acquisitions in test and measurement, electronics and in polymers and fluids, that’s where you see the bulk of the impact. So you really, on an apples-to-apples basis, need to add back this quarter 320 basis points in test and measurement, 400 basis points in polymers and fluids and really 150 basis points, if you look at it at the enterprise level and just as an aside, if you and we've done this for you on that same schedule, if you translate that into an EPS impact, it's about $0.10 a quarter.  So $0.40 of non-cash expense, $0.40 of EPS on an annual basis. We are focused on improving margins in all of our businesses and I think what's really encouraging is you're seeing our businesses there are clustered in a tight range in the mid-20s operating margin and I think that really is a result of our businesses leveraging this really unique business model with a very high level of efficiency. And so what we have today in our view is a really highly diversified high quality portfolio with no weak links anywhere. These are all, if you compare our operating margins here to peers, on average, they are 500 basis points better than -- higher than their peers and in some cases, significantly more than that. So I hope that answers your question.
Steven Fisher: And then why are the consumables or welding, why is that declining, is that just lagging the equipment declines we saw over the last couple of years and if so, if the equipment is turned around, how quickly could the consumables turn around and what the underlying would drive it to become positive that’s not already driving it with the equipment sales.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. It’s a good question. I mean, first of all, it's a fairly small part of our business, 20% of our revenues. We’re focused, as you know, primarily on the -- of our businesses on the equipment side. Consumables were down slightly in the current quarter and it's really tied back to the international side, which is primarily oil and gas. And so as the oil and gas cycle starts to make its way into the welding consumable side, we should see an improvement on the consumable side as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mig Dobre of Baird. Mig, your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Can we talk a little bit about any changes, if there are any, in your view vis-à-vis longer term capital deployment, how you're thinking about M&A, any areas where you'd like to add to the portfolio, any updated thoughts here would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Mig, I mean, at this point, nothing has really changed. I think we've been very consistent in terms of our ability to generate strong cash flow, maintain a strong balance sheet and allocate our capital or our shareholders capital with very high level of discipline and so our number one priority is invest in our businesses and to drive organic growth and productivity. That's our number one priority. That only consumes, in our very asset light business model, about 25% of our operating cash flows.  The second priority is the dividend. And so as you’ve seen, we've been leaning into the dividend with a meaningful increase last year, I just talked about we have a meeting coming up in August here. We allocate about 25% to 30% of our operating cash flow to a dividend that has been growing slightly faster than earnings certainly last year. And then that leaves a fairly sizable portion for external investments, some combination of acquisitions and we’ve talked about the criteria that we're looking for there from a strategic and from an 80-20 improvement standpoint.  We also talked about that not being really the primary focus for us right now and then any remaining surplus capital, we've returned to shareholders through the share repurchase program and so $1 billion this year that we're executing is really our estimate of surplus cash available in North America. So that's a rebound line of our capital allocation strategy and Mig, just given the performance of the company and our strong position here, we haven't changed anything.
Mig Dobre: I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, if there's any way that we can understand as to whether or not you’re, call it, more active now when evaluating potential acquisitions than you were say six or twelve months ago.
Michael Larsen: No, not really, Mig. We're really focused on executing the current enterprise strategy and continue to make progress on our pivot to organic growth. I think we’re really encouraged by 3% organic growth in the first half, almost two full percentage points better than all of last year and last year was another significant improvement over the year before that. And so that’s the type of momentum that we're trying to generate here really with a laser focus on getting the organic growth rate going.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Nathan Jones of Stifel. Sir, your line is open.
Nathan Jones: Starting off here in test and measurement and electronics, obviously, very good margin performance there. It looks like record quarterly margins. Was there anything in terms of mix that influenced that or are we just looking at the enterprise strategy taking hold there and some leverage on volume and how should we think about those margins going forward.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean that's -- you got it. It's exactly what you described, it’s over 300 basis points of enterprise initiative impact and volume leverage. So back to -- you see what happens in these segments, you get a little bit of organic growth to volume leverage and the earnings growth we're able to drive with that is really significant, which is back to again why we're so focused on getting the organic growth rate going. So we would expect the test and measurement business to continue to improve from here.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then just a question more broadly on the industrial operating businesses. I would assume over the last two or three years that you've probably seen some demand related pricing pressure in those businesses. You're now talking about those businesses improving. How are thinking about your ability to potentially raise real pricing more than just to cover raw materials as we go forward and see industrial, the industrial economy recovering.
Scott Santi: Yeah. I mean Nathan, I appreciate the question. That's not really how we think about it. I mean, we price for value, as we continue to innovate and deliver value to customers, that's how we get price. We’re not, in terms of the price cost equation, we are just trying to cover our increases on the raw materials side. The margin performance by ITW continues to be driven by the enterprise initiatives primarily and then the volume leverage that you're seeing. So those are the key drivers of margin expansion at ITW, not the price cost equation.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Ma’am, your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Two questions. One on polymers and fluids, I know, the business declined organically in a quarter and I guess the comps were a little tougher, but can you talk about the main drivers, how much of that was auto and what your exposure is there? And then my second question, just broadly on China, you continue to see pretty good growth there. I know a lot of its driven by the auto business, but just sustainability of China growth in the second half of the year across your different segments. Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So polymers and fluids, as you point out, is really more of a comp issue in the automotive aftermarket business. We launched, the business launched a new product last year and typically, when we do that, you see a ramp up in the quarter that didn't repeat this year. So the only other thing I can point to is really on the polymers side is in selling into the wind industry, there's a little bit of a decline in that part of the business, but overall, stable.  And I would just point out that even though as you saw revenues were down slightly, margins continued to improve in that business, which is certainly encouraging. In terms of China, the growth continues to be really strong and it's not just the automotive business, it's really across the board. Excluding automotive, China was up 11% this quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, up 16% and it's really broad based. So we feel really good about our position in China and we feel good about our ability to continue to perform at a high level in the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Sir, your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Wanted to ask about just kind of the overall margin profile for the company. It’s a great performance this quarter. I think in the past, you talked about getting to 25% overall and I think that was a 2018 number. And I just wondered if volume, the organic growth continues to come back, are we thinking about the wrong way, if we're thinking mid-20s is where the operating margin improvement ends, could you get to 28%, 30% with operating leverage coming through?
Michael Larsen: It's a good question, Walt. I mean how I would think about it is for the year, we expect to be at 24%. We have a clear line of sight to another 100 basis points of margin expansion from enterprise initiatives, obviously for the second half of ’17 and also for ’18. So those -- that alone takes us to that 25% range. And then, you have to model what you think the organic growth rate is going to be for the company.  And historically, our incremental margins on organic growth have been in that 30% to 35% range, maybe at the higher end of that range recently. And so theoretically, that's where we would be -- where we would be maxing out. So I certainly wouldn't think of the 25% as a cap in any way say perform. We really believe that there's more room to grow here from a margin perspective. As again, we really continue to make good progress on organic growth with strong incremental margins.
Walter Liptak: And then if I can ask you a follow-up on the food equipment question that was answered, I think earlier this year, you talked about mid-single digit growth for that segment and I wonder if that's what we're still looking for, because you're a little lower in the first half. Is there enough line of sight on business in the second half to be mid-single digit for the full year?
Michael Larsen: I think we probably -- this year, I think long term, certainly we have a lot of conviction around being able to grow the food equipment business in the mid-single digits, which would be 200 to 300 basis points above market. Right now, a little bit of a slowdown on the market side. We talked about that. And for this year, we’ll probably be slightly below mid-single digits in terms of organic growth in the food equipment business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Barry Haimes of Sage Asset Management. Sir, your line is open.
Barry Haimes: I wanted to just follow-up on one comment you made earlier that you thought steel pressure might ease some in the second half and it's widely expected the section 232 decision is going to be out fairly shortly, which arguably could have upward pressure. So I'm just curious what you're seeing in the marketplace that makes you think that steel could come off in the second half? Appreciate that. Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean I think we are seeing a slight moderation on steel prices right now. The tariff really, I mean that’s anyone's guess. If that were to happen, then we will react accordingly.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. We show no further questions in queue.
Michael Larsen: All right. Thank you, Bob. Thanks for dialing in and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc. Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to ITW's Q1 2017 Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I'll turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Michael Larsen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may now begin.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: All right. Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's first quarter 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our first quarter financial results and update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the second quarter and full year 2017 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2016 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. And while we use very few non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thanks, Michael, and good morning. Overall, we're off to a good start in 2017. Organic growth improved to 3.5% in Q1 due to a combination of improving end market conditions in our Welding and Test & Measurement and Electronics segments and continued progress on our pivot to growth efforts across all seven of our segments. We were able to leverage this improving organic growth performance into very strong earnings growth, with EPS up 19% year-on-year in the quarter, 21% excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. Operating margins of 23.3% were up 120 basis points and were the highest in the history of the company, despite 50 basis points of margin dilution from the EF&C acquisition. After-tax return on invested capital improved 260 basis points to 23.8%. As you saw based on our Q1 performance, we are increasing our full year EPS guidance by $0.20 at the midpoint and raising our full year organic growth rate forecast to a range of 2% to 4%. Overall, our Q1 performance reflects another solid step forward for the company. And I would like to once again thank all of my ITW colleagues around the world for all their hard work and their deep commitment to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. As a result of their ongoing efforts, I have no doubt that we will continue to make strong progress on the path to ITW's full potential through the balance of 2017 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Michael, who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q1 performance and 2017 forecast. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you, Scott. Starting with slide 3, GAAP EPS increased 19% to $1.54, 21% excluding the effects of currency translation. As Scott noted a minute ago, organic growth was 3.5% in the quarter. Total revenue was $3.5 billion, an increase of 6%. Six of our seven segments had positive organic growth and Welding improved to flat. Organic growth was positive in all major geographies, with North America up 1.4% and International up 6.4%, driven primarily by Europe, which was up 6% and China, which was up 19%. We increased operating margin 120 basis points over last year, which was driven by continued progress on our enterprise strategy initiatives and volume leverage. Enterprise initiatives contributed 100 basis points of margin expansion. The 2016 acquisition of EF&C diluted margin by 50 basis points. So on an apples-to-apples basis, operating margin improved 170 basis points. Six of seven segments increased operating margin. And excluding the EF&C margin impact and Auto OEM, all segments improved. Operating income grew 12% to $809 million, the highest quarterly total in the company's 105-year history. Our effective tax rate was 28.3% in the first quarter, which was in line with our expectations as we adopted new FASB guidance for stock-based compensation effective January 1. The new guidance requires that the income tax effects associated with the settlement of stock-based awards be recognized through income tax expense rather than equity. Free cash flow of $399 million was 74% of net income, which is in line with typical seasonality. That said, in Q1, free cash flow was impacted by the timing of some tax and pension items. Adjusted for these items, free cash flow conversion would have been even better at 91%. On slide 4, you can see that we achieved an all-time record for operating margin in the quarter. This was largely driven by the continued strong execution on our enterprise initiatives and volume leverage. Enterprise initiatives contributed 100 basis points of structural margin improvement and volume leverage contributed 80 basis points. As expected, price/cost was slightly unfavorable in Q1 due primarily to higher steel prices. At current raw material costs and with our 2017 price adjustments, we expect that price/cost for the full year will be positive in dollar terms and slightly unfavorable 10 to 30 basis points to margin percentage. As we've discussed before, we don't expect that price/cost will have a material impact on our results in 2017. Turning to slide 5, on the left side of the page, overall organic growth in Q1 improved 1.5 percentage points versus Q4 due to meaningful improvement in end market conditions in our Welding and Test & Measurement and Electronics segments, continued strong and above plan organic growth from our Auto OEM segment, and continued progress on our pivot to growth efforts across all seven of our segments. I'll now discuss the segment results in a little more detail, starting with Automotive OEM, which delivered another strong quarter with above plan organic revenue growth of 9%, 300 basis points above global car builds. In North America, 4% organic growth exceeded auto builds of 3% overall and 1% for the Detroit 3 where we have relatively higher content. Outside North America, growth continued to be very strong, with Europe up 12% or 600 basis points above market. China was up 29%, significantly above market as we continue to increase our content per vehicle, particularly with domestic OEMs. Despite the strong performance in Q1 and a positive outlook for Q2 for our Auto OEM business, IHS is still forecasting a decline in domestic auto builds in the second half. Our full year guidance incorporates the IHS forecast as it currently stands, which results in full-year organic growth for our Auto OEM business of approximately 3%. Turning to slide 6. Food Equipment was up 2% organically. North America was up 1%, with stable demand for equipment up 2%. Internationally, both equipment and service were up 3%. Operating margin improved 60 basis points to 25.1%. We had a strong quarter in Test & Measurement and Electronics, both businesses grew organic revenue by 6%, with strong demand in semiconductor-related end markets. In Test & Measurement's Instron business, where demand is tied more closely to business investment, organic growth was up 5%, which is certainly an encouraging sign. Operating margin improved 450 basis points to 20%. The 20% includes 350 basis points of the non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition-related intangible assets. Turning to slide 7, Welding organic growth was flat in Q1, which is a significant improvement versus down 8% in Q4. Excluding normal seasonality, demand improved 3% sequentially from Q4 to Q1. Year-over-year, equipment was up 1% and consumables were down 1%. By geography, North America, which is approximately 80% of our business, was up 2%, driven by our commercial equipment business. Our commercial equipment business, which sells through distribution to construction, light fabrication, and farm and ranch customers, was up 4% year-on-year in Q1. Our industrial equipment business, which sells primarily to manufacturing, including automotive and heavy equipment, was down 1% in the quarter. Operating margin performance was the highest in the company at 27.7%. Polymers & Fluids delivered another solid quarter of positive organic revenue growth of 2%. Bulk (09:51) Fluids, which primarily sells highly engineered lubricants and cleaners into industrial and commercial end markets and automotive aftermarket, grew 2%. Polymers, which primarily sells adhesives and sealants for industrial MRO and other OEM applications, was essentially flat. Operating margin was 20.6%, which includes 420 basis points of non-cash expense associated with amortizing acquisition-related intangible assets. On slide 8, Construction Products was up 3% organically, despite a challenging comparison. Demand in North America was solid with organic growth down 2% compared to up 11% in Q1 last year. Commercial was down 1% and residential was down 2%. And as we've discussed before, the quarterly revenue numbers here can be a little lumpy. International growth was strong, with Europe up 8% and Asia Pacific up 5%. Operating margin improved 150 basis points to 22.5%. Finally, in Specialty Products, organic revenue was up 1%, with strong organic growth of 8% in our consumer packaging businesses. Operating margin was 26.9%, an increase of 80 basis points. Turning to slide 9 and our updated guidance for 2017. As a result of our strong Q1 results and assumptions for the balance of the year, we're raising our full year earnings guidance by $0.20 to a new EPS range of $6.20 to $6.40. The $0.20 raise is essentially $0.10 from the first quarter beat, plus $0.06 from higher organic growth, and $0.04 from a slightly lower tax rate of 29%. At current levels of demand, we now expect higher organic growth of 2% to 4%, which, as mentioned previously, includes the IHS forecast for North American Automotive business in the second half of the year. For the full year, we continue expect that operating margin will exceed 23.5%, with 100 basis points of structural margin improvement from our enterprise initiatives. Finally, for the second quarter, our EPS guidance is $1.55 to $1.65 with organic growth of 2% to 4%. With that, we'll now open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Mr. Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is now open, sir.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Morning guys. Nice quarter.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you give us a little more color on your Welding business? You had forecast it to be down, I think, low single-digits for this year. It was flat at 1Q as you said. Comparisons, I think, get easier as the year goes on. So would you expect it to grow now? And then maybe more interestingly, I don't know if I remember a time when your Welding margins have been higher than 27.7%. You did almost 400 basis points higher margins this year versus last year on similar demand. So how do we think about Welding? Could you potentially do 400 basis points higher than the last peak in 2014, which was about 26%? Where is the peak here?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I don't know if we can give you a peak. What I can tell you is, relative to where margins peaked that you referenced in terms of the, I think you said 2014, certainly, the impact of the enterprise initiatives that we have been implementing across the company have been taking place in Welding right along with the rest of the company. So what you're seeing in terms of improved margin performance is starting to turn the corner, obviously, in terms of demand and revenue, and the benefits of those enterprises initiatives are now starting to come through in a little bit more of a visible way, let's say, relative to an environment where we're down mid to high single digits. So they've done a lot of really strong work despite a very tough environment over the last three or four years in terms of the enterprise initiatives. And I think as Michael noted in terms of the demand environment, we were certainly encouraged by some noticeable improvement primarily in the commercial end of our equipment business. But even the industrial down, I think, 1% in Q1 was a noticeable improvement in terms of what we've been seeing over the last six quarters or so. So things appear to be stabilizing there, getting better on the commercial end. And if we continue on this path, obviously, it will have some pretty good impact in terms of our performance through the balance of the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that, Scott. And then, look, I mean, you had over 40% incrementals in the quarter and that was despite dilution from EF&C and you mentioned price/cost being a drag. I think at the Analyst Day, you mentioned variable margin at 50% in ITW. So is it reasonable to assume that if organic growth stays toward the higher end of your new range that you could do incrementals well over your normal 35% target?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: So Andrew, incremental margins, as you pointed out of – if you look straight off the P&L, we're 44%, certainly, really solid performance. If you add back the impact of EF&C, we are in the 77% range for incrementals. We talked about this on the call last time that, in the short term, we could see incremental margins above our long-term average of 30% to 35% until investments in overhead and other areas catch up to support the growth. Our view, long term, is we would still expect to be in that 30% to 35% range for incremental margins, but certainly well above that here in the near term.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: But Michael, you don't have any new investments that you're making this year versus what you did in the first quarter, right, and pretty much steady as she goes?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. No, we're always investing and the levels we're investing at now are similar to what we have been doing in prior years.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Scott Davis from Barclays. Sir, your line is now open.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Hi, Scott. Good morning.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Trying to get a sense, one of the things that was encouraging that you said was around the Test & Measurement business recovering, and organic growth up 6% is a real encouraging number. And can you give us a little bit of color behind that? I mean, are you seeing customers really responding with some CapEx spend? Is there some pent-up demand, is there – was there any business pushed from 2017 – I'm sorry, from 2016 budgets into 2017 budgets that can account for that or – been trying to see if there's a real recovery here that you're seeing or something more short term in nature.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I think it's – from my perspective, Scott, it's hard to tell at this point. I think the overall order – we typically operate with very little backlog, very little forward visibility. The uptick in demand in Test & Measurement is certainly encouraging at this point but it's only a quarter. I think we have a general view, that I think many people share, that the overall business investment climate has been very depressed for the last six to eight quarters that, as a result, there is some pent-up demand that should conditions overall – the economy overall begin to improve even modestly that that will be a stimulus in terms of bringing some more comfort around investment back into the picture. So we're certainly hopeful that this is the start of something – a more positive turn in that direction, but I think after one quarter, I don't think we're ready to call it that yet.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Fair enough. And then just as a follow-on, I mean you have a bit of a "high quality problem", if you want to call it that, of you're going to generate an awful lot of cash in 2017 even if 1Q is seasonally weaker, it's going to start piling in. Is there a appetite for higher level of buybacks, if there's anything out there that – would your appetite for M&A go up a tad with this increased cash?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think, (18:42) Scott, nothing's really changed in terms of how we look at capital allocation. You're right that we're fortunate that we have a strong balance sheet and we generate free cash flow well above net income on an annual basis. In terms of the buybacks specifically, we have planned for $1 billion of buybacks in 2017 starting with $250 million. In the first quarter we have done that and certainly we're on track to execute on that program. To the extent that there is surplus capital, we'll address that as we go through the quarter and we'll update you on the earnings calls if that number can go higher from here. But certainly, we're off to a good start on free cash flow. I'd say on the M&A environment, we've talked about this on prior calls, our views haven't really changed. And just because we're sitting on more cash, doesn't mean that we will not be disciplined in terms of how we look at M&A.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, I understand. Nicely done. I normally don't say this, guys, but boy, you're really executing. In the couple years I've covered your stock, it's been pretty amazing, so keep up the good work.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, and good morning, guys.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning, Joe.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Look, hard to not like this quarter. It was a very strong quarter. I guess the question I have, to start off, maybe on price/cost, you mentioned that you were going to start to put through some pricing increases. So maybe, Michael, if you can talk about the cadence and when you start to expect to see some of the benefit from those pricing increases, that would be helpful.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yes. So those price increases, Joe, have largely been done already. So that's based on what's been implemented year-to-date. So there's really nothing major outstanding from a price standpoint.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And so was that kind of across the portfolio? And specifically, I guess I'm thinking about Welding, one of your competitors had talked about positive pricing in an earlier report. And so I was just wondering whether you're able to see some price impact there as well.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yes, we're seeing positive price increases in all of our segments.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, helpful. And then I guess just maybe some additional color on the thoughts on Auto. I know that you're baking in 3%. If I want to be clear here, I guess is 3% market or is that 3% growth in your numbers for 2017? And...
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, that's 3% in our business, Joe.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's 3% in your business. Okay. Got it. So there's some – perhaps some opportunity there. And, I guess, lastly, maybe just a little bit more color on Welding. Clearly, things got – things are seemingly getting better with the flat growth number this quarter. Maybe talk a little bit more about the trends that you're seeing across the different end markets I caught that industrial was down slightly, but helpful to get additional color there.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I think I'd just go back to what I said earlier that – and this is, at least in terms of our sort of past history, this is what we're seeing in the first quarter, the normal signs of a recovery in the welding space. The commercial end for us of the equipment space typically leads the turn, if you will, and so the commercial business was up 4% in the quarter, which was a nice improvement in terms of uptick relative to not just percentage growth but on a sequential basis, up noticeably from Q3. So things are setting up for a nice turn in the marketplace. But again, I think after one quarter, we're – what I would say, not to sound like the pessimist here, but we've been here before a few times, right? With a reasonable start to the year over the last two or three years and then things in terms of the overall economic environment kind of have petered out. So I think that experience has us a little cautious in terms of posture, but I would say that we're certainly seeing some signs, even in those prior periods that we didn't see before, that give us some level of hope or optimism that we're seeing some broader based recovery than maybe we have in the past that hopefully will sustain itself as we continue to move through this year and beyond.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got you. Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Morgan Stanley, Nigel Coe.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just, obviously, a very strong quarter. 2Q, your range for $1.55 – $1.65 on 2% to 4% organic. In my model, that implies that you're embedding a much flatter margin than what we've seen recently. Anything to think about there or is it just you just want to be conservative?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think it's primarily, Nigel, the comp to last year, we had a really strong Q2 last year and that's really the main driver here.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, okay. And then, obviously, within that Auto, we saw the 2 points or so from EF&C. Should we then think about 2Q Auto similar to 1Q and a bit of pressure year-over-year, and then as we get to the second half of the year, more of a normalized comp?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's a reasonable assumption. I think the plus 9% organic in Q1, we may not get all the way there in Q2. But certainly, we feel good about the second quarter.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And then just finally, on Electronics, obviously, there's a pretty volatile pattern quarter-to-quarter there, and you got a strong 6% in 1Q. We are seeing semi CapEx pretty strong this year. Would you expect that kind of performance to continue through the year?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: When we look at the full year in Test & Measurement, we're looking at growth in the low single-digit range. So part of what you see in Q1 is also a fairly easy comparison on a year-over-year basis. So certainly encouraging what we've seen. I'd point to Instron and the businesses tied to business investment as really the more meaningful data point here in Q1. Semiconductor as you know, is really hard to forecast, but we feel good about where we are right now.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking the call.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Through Q2 we... (25:24)
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Through Q2, yes, on the semi-con side. Yes.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Hey, Andy.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a question on kind of the mix. In the past, you've talked about consumer being 60%, industrial being 40%. We're starting to see some of the consumer markets see a relatively slower growth potential going forward. And I'm just wondering, some of the pushback we get on the stock is related to that historical 60-40 comment. Could you help us understand whether this split is kind of migrating closer to 50-50 and could be less of a drag on growth?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Near term, I think the sort of macro, from my standpoint, is we are – the industrial side, given the very sluggish business investment environment, has been the slower growing part of the company. That is seeming to improve. Obviously, if that continues, that will adjust that mix a percentage point or two over time. But I don't see it shifting dramatically off of that 60-40 mix. I think the most – beyond the end market recovery, the other thing I'd point to, as we've talked before, is we've got plenty of room to grow. In all seven of our businesses, we are continuing to make good progress in terms of the work we need to do on that pivot, and so consumer or industrial, all of our seven businesses have plenty of room to run in terms of ability to drive above-market organic growth from here forward.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, Scott. And then on the Welding, we compare the Welding segment to some of your external competitors, the margin continues to be quite a premium to what those external competitors are generating. But this quarter the organic growth was a little lighter. I'm just wondering, should we look at the mix a little bit closer, your segment versus the competition, or said differently, do you feel that Welding – and I know it's one quarter, but...
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: You know the answer before you're going to ask it.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's why I'm qualifying it.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I appreciate the point. What we have said, I think, on numerous occasions is quarterly comps, particularly given some of the differences in relative product positions between us and the other great companies in this space, I think are really not particularly meaningful. We don't take credit for them when they work in our favor and in cases where they don't, I wouldn't read too much into what I think the overall – I think it's a fair comparison on an annual basis, certainly not one that's particularly valid in my mind on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And even on an annual basis, there are still big differences in terms of relative product mix across all the different parts of the Welding portfolio. So you'll have to draw your own conclusions on that. But I think quarter-to-quarter, there's just too much stuff that is individually impacting all the various companies in different ways that makes it less relevant, I think, to add it up as a – in the aggregate sense. And again, I think we're as consistent about saying that when it works in our favor as it does when it – as we are when it doesn't.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is now open.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. I guess, maybe looking at 1Q, very good performance. You beat your guidance by $0.10. I'm wondering, as you look internally versus your initial projections, what were some of the more notable variances? And how did these variances at segment level play out in the way you adjusted full year guidance?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I think we've talked about it, Mig. The big delta was the organic growth rate and the drivers of that delta in terms of organic growth rate were Automotive, Test & Measurement, Welding. And based on – we've talked before about the fact that we forecast based on current run rates, so our balance of the year forecast does reflect those improvements that we saw in Q1 in those businesses. Auto was a bit of an exception, as Michael talked about earlier. I think we're taking a very conservative approach. We understand that there're some issues out there in North America on the back half of the year that may or may not impact demand for our products. But we're using the data that we have externally and fully baking that in. But beyond that, everything else is run rated through the balance of the year based on the exit rate in the first quarter.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. So maybe ask this differently, have you changed your margin assumptions for Welding for the full year?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, we have not.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Then my follow-up is on Food Equipment. Maybe a little more color as to what you're seeing in North America here. Any split that you can point to in terms of your restaurant versus your commercial customers, refrigeration versus cooking, et cetera?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I don't think a lot has changed. What I would say is that we did have some – a few good sized project pushout into Q2. So, in terms of Q1 growth rate, it was a little light relative to what we thought it was going to be heading into the quarter but not by much. We're still expecting, on a global basis, 3% to 4% organic growth in Food Equipment for the year. And we've talked before, we got a really strong new product pipeline. We are making great progress across the business both in North America, in Europe and in Asia in terms of driving those new products and our other pivot to growth penetration efforts and feel really good about the balance of the year there. So, no big changes in terms of end market demand color.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from JPMorgan, we have Ann Duignan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: We've seen the results of the French elections overnight, and I'm just curious if any of your businesses in Europe and/or in particular in France, so was there any hesitation in spending by customers into the election and whether you feel there might be any pent-up demand that are going into Q2 or the back half of the year just a kind of a relief rally, if you like?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: We're still trying to figure out who they voted for.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. They voted for the right one (32:48) so far.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah. Ann, so how I would maybe put this in context, our sales in France represent about 5% of our overall sales. And we were actually up 3% in the first quarter, really driven by Construction and Automotive primarily. And so I think it's a little too early to tell whether anything has changed at this point. We still feel good about the outlook for Europe.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And you didn't feel – I guess, my point was more Europe broadly, you didn't feel there was any hesitation in spending in other countries?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, we didn't see anything like that.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I just wanted to follow up on your outlook for Automotive. I mean, you noted a few times that your forecast is based on IHS, but you seemed a little skeptical of their outlook. What are you hearing from your customers? I mean, are you – do you feel that IHS may be a little bit low?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, I wouldn't say that. Our visibility is about a quarter ahead, so for now, what we see is second quarter is set up pretty well. Beyond that, we're just reacting to an IHS forecast that says that there's – I think the number's negative 10 for the Big 3 in the back half of the year. And that's some production – that's some extended shutdowns due to some model changeovers and things – all those things may be very valid. So we are trying to incorporate the best data that we have. I don't mean to sound skeptical at all. If I did, that's my mistake. But I think what we're trying to convey is that we've got that all baked in, in terms of our balance of the year organic growth forecast, and still expect the overall company to be better than we did heading into the year.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color on that. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. I just wanted to come back to Welding one more time, I apologize in advance. But I'm curious if you would mind sharing – you mentioned commercial up stronger, what's sort of the mix in commercial and industrial in that business? And would there be a margin mix issue where, I assume, maybe the commercial might have a little bit higher margins or maybe not?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think the mix is roughly 50-50. It's close to that. And from a margin standpoint, I think they're also pretty comparable. So no, shouldn't have any material mix impact on margin.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe on Test & Measurement and Electronics, in the past, you've had an occasional quite large customer who would occasionally come up with big new product launches that would be reflected in your sales of equipment of that kind.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Who shall remain nameless?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yes.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Who shall remain nameless. See, I'm doing a good job here. Should we be thinking about that in the second half of the year? Is that still an issue?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: No, not an issue certainly in the Q1 performance and not one we expect to be an issue through the balance of the year.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good or bad.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from BMO. And your line is now open.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, guys. A lot's been answered, I just wanted to just squeeze one more in. Can you give us a little sense in the Food business? What's the opportunity that you guys see? What areas are really growing, and maybe are there niches that you're not really participating in? Just, you've been kind of growing a little bit slower than some of the other areas, it seems, for a couple of years.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Well, I think how I would answer that is we're pretty focused on dishwashing, refrigeration, cooking and scales in the retail sector. We have really strong positions – relative share position in service – don't let me leave out service, is the other big opportunity. I'm not going to give you our assessment of our global share, but let's just say, we got plenty of room to grow in those areas. So from the standpoint of, is the growth going – as our focus in terms of go forward growth around getting it to new areas, that's not a big focus for us. Our focus is on really leveraging the full potential of the really strong positions that we already have.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So just more of a service focus and just kind of a little bit of increased penetration?
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Service, warewash, refrigeration, cooking.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Just wanted to come back to the margin question that was asked earlier. I would have thought that the organic beat and raise would have driven a margin guidance raise, but you did keep the margin guidance. So just wondering if there was some caution there or if there's some upside that's likely to unfold later in the year?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I think the only thing I'd point to is on the price/cost side, we are a little cautious given what we saw in Q1, and so that's why we didn't take the margin guidance up.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: But Michael did add a bold (38:44) point to the plus. Maybe you didn't catch that in there.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Yeah, no, I noticed. Okay. Great. And then, just – I know you mentioned you have about a quarter of visibility on some of your businesses or maybe across the business in general. When do you expect to generate that other dime of earnings? Is it balanced across the rest of the year or does the one quarter visibility weight that to Q2 leaving you some further upside potential later in the year?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I'd say it's pretty balanced. Actually, if you look at our Q1 EPS and you add the midpoint of our guidance for Q2, we're exactly at 50% of the year from a full year EPS standpoint. So that's – historically, that's what we've been doing for a long time. So it's pretty even.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ms. Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning. Nice quarter.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Good morning.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I guess, two questions. One, was there anything unusual about the cadence of sales throughout the first quarter? Did it follow the typical seasonal trend and sort of what you're seeing into April? And then my second question within Construction, Europe saw some pretty nice growth, and I know that's a business that you guys have been restructuring. So was that – did you grow in line with the market, above market? I'm just wondering whether we're starting to see the benefits from your organic growth initiatives. Thanks.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: I can share that the (40:17) monthly, the cadence, this was a pretty typical quarter. There was really nothing unusual there. Construction Europe, we certainly benefited from some end market lift, being up 8% in Europe. I think there's still some work to do, as you know, from a simplification standpoint. But overall, encouraged by the progress in our Construction business in Europe.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And sorry, any commentary on April, if that's falling in line with seasonal trend or...?
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: We're right on track with the guidance we're giving you today.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. And next question, we have, Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Morning.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Just on the Auto outgrowth considerations into the back half of the year, if you think about mix effect with declines potentially in North America, and you think about some of the Europe outgrowth you've been posting recently, and I think that picked up in the back half of the year, but just how we should be thinking about that. If North America's down, of course that means (41:23) a little bit of a mix benefit to outgrowth, but I don't know if Europe gets harder on tougher comps.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Yeah, I think what I would say is we expect overall, globally, to outgrow the market 200 to 400 basis points, consistent with what we have said in the past. Exactly how that plays out in the back half, we'll have to see. Clearly, in Europe, we're running above that rate; and China, significantly above that average penetration rate. And then we're a little bit lower in North America, because of the starting point. Our content per vehicle in North America is still significantly above where we are outside the U.S.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then on the price/cost front, just a clarification, I think that you said, you had announced and implemented pricing, and that's what's reflected in the current guide in your outlook. So just to confirm, based on where commodity prices currently are, that doesn't require any additional actions moving forward this year to hit your price/cost targets.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: That is correct.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ernest Scott Santi - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And speakers, at this time, we don't have any questions on queue. Back to you.
Michael M. Larsen - Illinois Tool Works, Inc.: Okay. Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us today, and have a great day.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael M. Larsen – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer E. Scott Santi – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz – Citi John Inch – Deutsche Bank Scott Davis – Barclays Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley Andy Casey – Wells Fargo Securities Mig Dobre – Robert W. Baird Ann Duignan – JPMorgan Steven Fisher – UBS Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Walter Liptak – Seaport Global Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities Joe O'Dea – Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to introduce Mr. Michael Larsen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir you may begin.
Michael M. Larsen: Hi, thank you, Leon, good morning and welcome to ITW's fourth quarter and full year 2016 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial results, update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the first quarter and full-year 2017, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2015 Form 10-K and third quarter 2016 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and while we use very few non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
E. Scott Santi: Thanks Michael and good morning. The fourth quarter closed out a year of record financial performance and strong execution for ITW. In fact 2016 was the most profitable year in the company’s 104 year history. Earnings per share of $5.70 was up 11% versus 2015 and we achieved all time record performance in the following key operating metrics. Operating income of $3.1 billion was up 7%, operating margin of 22.5% was up 110 basis points and after-tax return on invested capital of 22.1% was up 170 basis points. We continue to generate strong free cash flow in 2016, which we utilized to reinvest in the growth and productivity of our core businesses and to acquire EF&C, a highly complementary bolt-on acquisition for our Automotive OEM segment. We also returned more than $2.8 billion of surplus capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The end of 2016 also marked a completion of the fourth year of our enterprise strategy. We launched our current strategy in late 2012 with a goal of positioning ITW to deliver solid growth with best in class margins and returns. In conjunction with our strategy we have implemented major steps to focus the entire company and leveraging ITWs highly differentiated and proprietary business model to drive profitable growth and enhance productivity throughout ITW. We have come a long way since we started over four years ago and ITWs performance is now approaching best in class levels. That being said, it is clear to us that we have significant capacity to further improve our performance. Within the framework of our current strategy before ITW is operating to its full potential. Moving forward we will remain focused on pushing our performance to our full potential by capitalizing on the significant opportunities that we have in front of us. For meaningful additional structural margin improvement and sustained above market organic growth. To our continuing focus on a commitment to executing our strategy, we are well positioned to deliver differentiated performance in 2017 and beyond. I'd like to close by acknowledging the huge debt of gratitude that we owe to our more than 50,000 ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in executing our strategy and serving our customers with excellence each and every day. They are responsible for ITWs strong performance over the last four years and give us great confidence in our ability to continue to improve and make further progress in the past ITWs full potential. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Michael, who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q4 performance and 2017 forecast. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: Thank you, Scott. Taking a look at slide 3, ITW finished 2016 with another strong quarter of differentiated operational and financial performance as evidenced by record quarterly operating income, operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. GAAP EPS of $1.45 increased 18% and exceed a midpoint of our guidance with $0.03 from better than expected organic growth and operating margin and $0.06 net benefit from non-recurring items. In the quarter, we received $167 million cash dividend distribution related to our investment in Wilsonart, the former decorative services segment. The resulting EPS benefit of $0.10 was partially offset by $0.04 of one-time non-cash charges related to two small divestitures of non-core assets. The net benefit of these items is the sixth sense and without them, EPS grew 13%. Total revenue was $3.4 billion, an increase of 4% and organic growth was 2%, slightly ahead of the midpoint of our guidance. Operating margin was 21.8%. 22.2% excluding EF&C and all seven segments improved margins. Operating income grew 9% to $742 million and free cash flow of $593 million was 170% of net income. So, overall we’re very pleased with our strong finish to 2016. On slide 4, you’ll see that our enterprise initiatives continue to be the key driver of our operating margin performance as they contributed 130 basis points. This was the 13th quarter that enterprise initiatives exceeded 100 basis points. Our performance was minimally offset by price cost, which was slightly unfavorable this quarter due to higher metal and resin prices. Volume leverage was 40 basis points and EF&C diluted margin 40 basis points resulting in operating margin of 12.8%, an increase of 110 basis points and a new Q4 record for the company. Turning to page 5, let’s go into detail around segment results. Starting with Automotive OEM, we had a really strong quarter with organic revenue of 7% and solid penetration gains. In North America 2% organic growth compares to auto bills of 1%. But keep in mind that number includes the builds down 3% with the Detroit 3 where we have relatively higher content. Europe was up 8% with 500 basis points of penetration gains and China was up 33% also with very significant penetration gains. Excluding EF&C operating margin improved 320 basis points in Q4. Food Equipment had a solid quarter up 3% organically, North America equipment was up 9% due to strong demand for warewash, refrigeration and cooking. As expected service was down as we continue to work through the final phase of some fairly significant PLS activity. International equipment was flat and service was up 1%. Turning to slide 6, we also had another good quarter for Test & Measurement/Electronics and as underlying demand trends remain pretty stable. Organic revenue was flat, but margins improved 200 basis points to 20.1%. The underlying demand levels in welding have remained pretty stable for three quarters now. Year-over-year it’s still pretty challenging, as evidenced by the 8% decline in organic revenues, but as you know comparisons start to ease now and that current is welding organic growth rates should be down low-to-mid single digits in Q1. The 8% decline in year-over-year revenues breaks down as 2 points from oil and gas, 5 points from industrial, which is mostly heavy equipment related to agriculture, infrastructure and mining and 1 point from commercial. On the margin front, margin improved again in welding this time by 190 basis points to 24.4%. Turning to slide 7, Polymers & Fluids delivered positive organic revenue growth of 2%. On a regional basis, international was up 3% and North America was up 1%. Automotive aftermarket and Polymers both grew 3% and Fluids declined 1%. Construction Products grew 3% organically, North America was up a solid 4%, with residential remodel up 6% and commercial down 3%. As you know quarterly growth rates can be a little lump in this segment. For the full year, North America commercial construction was up 4%, which is a better indicator of the underlying demand trends heading into 2017. Keep in mind also that the year-over-year comparison in the first quarter is pretty challenging. In Q1 2016, construction was up 5% with North America up 11%. Asia Pacific was up 1% and Europe was up 3%. Turning to slide 8, in Specialty Products organic revenue was up 1% solid growth in our consumer packaging, consumable businesses was offset by weaker demand for capital equipment. On the right side of the page, you can see the broad-based improvement in operating margin by segment. On a year-over-year basis and since we launched the enterprise strategy in 2012. It's worth noting that at the enterprise level, the non-cash expense associated with amortizing the acquisition related intangible assets has an impact of 170 basis points of operating margin and roughly $0.50 of EPS. On slide 9, you can see that we’re continuing to make good progress in executing our pivot to growth. In 2016 our organic growth rate improved 160 basis points. Six of our seven segments delivered positive year-on-year organic growth. 85% of our divisions have achieved ready to grow status. In addition ITW generated organic growth above the average of our peer group and while we have more work to do to sustain organic growth and our goal is 2 percentage points or more above market, at a minimum these data points are good indicators of meaningful progress and they give us confidence that we're on the right track for 2017 and beyond. As Scott mentioned and as you can see on slide 10, 2016 was a record year, we achieved double digit EPS growth and increased revenue of $13.6 billion. Our enterprise strategy initiatives contributed 130 basis points of margin expansion as five of seven segments increased their operating margins. We increased the dividend 18%, allocated $2 billion of surplus capital to share repurchases and converted 100% of net income to free cash flow for the year. If you adjust for the timing of $145 million in cash tax payments year-over-year. Free cash flow conversion would have been 107% and more in line with 106% in 2015. Total shareholder returns for 2016 was 35% well ahead of the market in our peer group. By any financial measure ITW delivered another great year. Turning to slide 11, before discussing our outlook for 2017, I want to take this opportunity to briefly reflect on the progress of our enterprise strategy. Over the past four years we've had essentially achieved all the goals that we laid out in 2012, including increasing ITWs core operating margins from 15.9% to 22.5% and after-tax return on invested capital from 14.5% to 22.1%. As Scott, said even though our performance is nearing best in class levels we continue to see meaningful potential for further performance improvement as we work hard to deliver on ITWs full performance potential. As demonstrated on slide 12, that potential is reflected in our long term financial performance targets that will increase at our investor day in December. We maintain a clear line of sight to another 200 basis points of margin expansion from our enterprise initiatives and 25% plus operating margin by the end of 2018. We're also committed to achieving organic growth of 200 basis points or more above market. 20% plus after-tax return on invested capital, free cash flow of 100% plus of net income and 12% to 14% average total shareholder returns. Looking at the year ahead on slide 13. We're very well positioned for strong financial performance again in 2017. Today we reaffirm guidance including full year GAAP EPS in the $6 to $6.20 range with organic growth of 1.5% to 3.5%. We expect strong incremental profitability on that organic growth with core incremental margins in the 30% to 35% range. For the year, we also expect operating margin to exceed 23.5% with another 100 basis points of structural margin improvement from sourcing and 80/20. Free cash flow conversion is expected to exceed 100% of net income and we have allocated $1 billion of surplus capital to share repurchases. EF&C is off to a really good start. We expect revenues of about $500 million, operating margins of approximately 10%. After purchase accounting EF&C should contribute $0.02 to $0.04 of EPS. Finally for the first quarter our EPS guidance is $1.39 to $1.49, which is 12% year-over-year earnings growth at the midpoint with organic growth of 1% to 2%. In line with current levels of demand and as usual our guidance is based on current foreign exchange rate. Okay, with that we will now open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning guys. I think that’s me. How are you doing? So Scott or Michael, since you guided 2017 as your investor day, you might agree that global economic sentiment seems to have continued to improve and certainly not good indicators of generally getting better. Your organic growth guidance includes essentially no improvement in macro conditions, for your segments with auto, as you said at the analyst day getting worse or at least conservatively you have a build down. So, do you think at this point we should look at least at the low end of your 1.5% to 3.5% organic growth range is a bit conservative given we could see some improvements from your investor related businesses. How do you plan on that now?
E. Scott Santi: Well, my response would be that we are applying you know the same approaches to our forecast and that we always have and that’s that we deal with current run rates. So our forecast is absolutely 100% based on current rates projected through the year. I would certainly agree that the sediment if you will, has gotten a bit better. But I think it's really your job is to apply whatever sort of macro forecast that you see ahead to our results what we are giving you is based on actual real demand. In our businesses today how does that project through the year? I would as we said many times, we've gone through four years of work here without a lot of headwind in terms of any help from the marketplace, so we would love to see it. Pick up absolutely, but until it actually is in the businesses our approach is to deal with reality as it exists today.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Understood. And did you see any improvement in December through January, so far in any of the businesses or it's kind of just steady as she goes there?
E. Scott Santi: I think fourth quarter was right on track. First quarter, early January also looks solidly on track.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, Scott, so can I ask you about welding. If I remember correctly about 10% of the business or so are delivered in gas. You talked about the split, basically it looks oil and gas got a little bit better. But it doesn’t seem like it's responded that much yet to the upstream oil and gas environment getting better. Certainly your heavy equipment seems, same as last quarter maybe a little worse. So I’m a little surprised that welding hasn't shown any signs of improvement. Have you seen anything there? And do you expect maybe oil and gas to start to improve from here?
E. Scott Santi: I think, I'll go back to what Michael said in his remarks, which is we've seen pretty solid floor [ph] for the last three quarters and I think that in and of itself as – I would consider that to be modestly encouraging. I think we're a ways away from, I mean, I don’t know about ways away, but I think we haven't seen anything in terms of and what I would describe is a noticeable uptick from there. But it sits now three quarters of pretty firm stable bottom, which is always the first part of any turnaround. So again hopeful that things start to improve there, but nothing we’re seeing yet.
Andrew Kaplowitz: All right. Thanks for that Scott.
Operator: The next question we have coming from the line of John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
John Inch: How did Europe do overall, Scott and Michael, 3M called out a better Europe, they talked about. I know you’re a big company in Germany, they talked about three quarters of kind of improving results in Germany. What are you guys seeing there?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, John, this is Michael here. I mean, the big driver of the 3% growth in Europe is the automotive business as you might expect. So I'm not sure we are really good proxy for what's going on in terms of the broader macro environment, but our automotive business as you saw what's up 8% in Europe and that's where the main driver of the 3% growth this quarter.
John Inch: Well, you’re also a big construction company in Europe, has that shown any sort of trend one way or another?
E. Scott Santi: Construction has been pretty stable, but positive in Europe and was up by 3% in the fourth quarter.
John Inch: All right. And then I wanted to ask you going back to welding, so the government is looking to prospectively approve more pipeline activity. What is the nature of Miller's exposure to pipelines? And is that obviously not a short-term, but is it a longer term opportunity because you obviously are big player in North America, right, but what about the pipeline aspect of this?
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I would say we've got a pretty reasonable position there. Overall oil and gas for welding is roughly 15% of revenue and that includes pipeline, upstream, downstream, refining, construction, offshore et cetera and I think our exposures are pretty balanced though, certainly any uptick in activity in terms of pipeline construction would surely be incrementally favorable to us.
John Inch: Your European welding businesses is also heavily oil and gas. The stabilization/MRO sort of slow that you've seen improving in the upstream improvement. If you were to look at your oil and gas welding, vertical kind of regionally, right, and I'm just thinking of Europe because it may be a good proxy. Has Europe – have there been any signs of life in that business going back to the premise of you know when do you start to see welding turn. Because I think Scott you have made comments before that you thought there was a fairly robust pent up demand kind of more broadly in welding, given what’s happened the last couple of years. Is there anything [indiscernible] from that?
Michael M. Larsen : Sure. I’d still agree with that statement and that’s just based on our historical participation in this market going back to the early 90s. You know usually come out of these down cycles there is a lot of demand and recoveries are pretty robust. This one has been particularly, noteworthy decline. At this point, what I would say about Europe and our welding business is the first thing is it's a pretty small piece of the overall welding business, so I'm not sure how indicative it is in terms of overall oil and gas activity. Our big oil and gas positions are North American and China. Welding Europe was down about the same percentage on a full year basis. As the overall business down about 9%, so I think, A; given our relatively small position in Europe, not a great indicator of overall macro oil and gas and B; we haven't really seen any change over there.
John Inch: Just lastly is there any price change in welding given the sort of the collapse in the oil and gas market. So now we're probably at the trough, and we’ve had three quarters of sequential stability. What's going on with price in that business? So in other words when it comes back, 3/9.11 of the world price more aggressively kind of taken your variable contribution away or what do you feel guys telling on price? Thank you.
E. Scott Santi: Well, like it's been very stable over the course of the last four quarters. We talked before about our overall mix tilting very heavily towards the more value-added components of the welding product portfolio, if you will. So from the standpoint of our overall exposure to pricing pressure, I think we're in pretty good shape there. As I said it's not been – we haven’t seen any evidence of any downward trends of any, at any meaningful level over the last four quarters.
John Inch: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question we have is coming from the line of Scott Davis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: I'm not familiar with EF&C so I apologize to those on the phone who are. But can you tell us kind of what's the plan on how you get that 10% margin up or is this the turnaround story with some low hanging fruit that is a manufacturing cost, is it something else that give you some confidence, you can get this thing up to, kind of your type of margins over time?
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, well it is simply an 80/20 application sort. You know we have an existing business operating at mid-20s EBIT margins applying 80/20 you know very effectively and so I wouldn't call it a turnaround, it's a very good business, very well positioned. It has absolutely all the same characteristics in terms of value-add content, niche in their approach as our legacy business. It's just a function of going through the process of adding the 80/20 management process to all the sort of great raw material and great operating capability that already exists in that business. That is not a quick fix, that's typically 3 year to 5 year process, so the plan is, I think the entry margins were 7 and so we’ve talked about before is going from 7% to 20% over a five year period.
Scott Davis: Is the gross margin comparable to kind of what your business’ gross margin was before you fixed your own internal business?
E. Scott Santi: Yeah I would offer that we have some very well developed diagnostics around applicability in fit for 80/20 and all of the raw materials there and then some.
Scott Davis: Okay, that's all I had. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have is coming from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie : Thanks, good morning everyone. So maybe sorry Michael can you parse out the price cost this quarter, I know it was negative in total, but how much pricing did you guys get and what was the cost impact this quarter?
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, so what you're seeing Joe, is price was a fundamentally unchanged, nothing has changed in terms of our ability to get price. The difference, the 10 basis points is really as a result of increase in raw material prices specifically metal and resins in a few of our segments. But just to put it in context, the difference between flat price cost, which is our assumption for the year in 2017 which is unchanged and down 10 basis points is $3 million. So on total, relative to total operating income this quarter of $742 million. So I just wanted to put in context for you and again, I mean, price cost has not been a big favorable margin driver for us and we don't expect it to be a big headwind for 2017.
E. Scott Santi: And just to add a clarifying point, sourcing benefit is communicated in the enterprise initiatives and this is the normal.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, the key driver obviously, remains as I said in the prepared remarks of our margin expansion is the enterprise initiatives, so that's 80/20 and the sourcing efforts that contributed 130 basis points this quarter and for the year.
Joe Ritchie: That makes sense. Maybe shifting gears a little bit, Auto OEM and the margin expansion this quarter, it was much better than we anticipated over 300 basis points EF&C. Can you guys just give us a little bit more color? Clearly the enterprise initiatives are working there, but what else kind of drove the stronger margin performance in auto OEM?
E. Scott Santi: If you go to, Joe, the, there’s slide in the appendix of the press release that lays out the drivers of the operating margin by segment and in total. And really as you point out the operating leverage was 100 basis points enterprise initiatives about 160 basis points. Then EF&C diluted by 220 basis points, restructuring and other was slightly lower, 60 basis points so overall 100 basis points of total operating margin change on the core business. I just wanted you know so the better proxy for where this business is operating I think is the, if you look at the full year for 2016 on slide 8, 24.1% that includes 160 basis points of EF&C so 25.7% EBIT margins in the core business in automotive in 2016 with room to improve from here.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And maybe if I can sneak one more in here, I saw that commercial in North America was down 3, are you starting to see any pressure in that business, just from an end market standpoint or anything notable that occurred this quarter?
E. Scott Santi: No, no that's just – it can be a little lumpy in construction and that's really it, I mean, like I said the better way to look at is the 4% growth for the year. As a good proxy for what 2017 might look like.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: All right. The next question we have is coming from Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open
Nigel Coe: Yeah, thanks good morning. Just obviously, you talk about, Scott, you mentioned in your opening remarks, about how there still, a lot of runway from end price initiatives, you got 25% are in target. I’m just wondering obviously the early stages was dominated by the business transformation structural organizational changes. I think then the sourcing was meant to kind of like pick up like towards the back end of the plan. I’m just wondering how you view the major drivers of further margin expansion between organizational PLS and sourcing?
E. Scott Santi : Well, what we talked about back in December was from the sourcing standpoint. We think we've got at least another couple of years of work in opportunity in front of us in terms of additional structural changes for the benefit of the company. At some point it becomes a much more of maintenance activity, but we've got a solid pipeline of targets in activity going on. So there's at least a couple of years worth of work, an opportunity there. Likewise from an 80/20 perspective our efforts to reapply this sort of the current version of 80/20 inside ITW that we talked about again back in December where we’ve completely reengineered the process and are very focused on executing it to its full potential. There's at least a couple of years worth of work there. I think the best way I can characterize and then on top of it, is as we expect further organic acceleration at you know solid 35% incremental all that gives us room to run this out for you at least the next couple of years, if not longer. We’ve also talked about the fact that this is, we’re operating at levels today that we didn't see as even within our scope of potential four years ago, so this has been a process of the deeper we go, the more opportunity we find. I think we've got the ability to sort of plan and execute on sort of sequential to your parents or your time horizons given what we have visibility of. But I you know I would rule out the fact that, now that we’re in, we’re going to find some more opportunity and that’s really been the way this has been playing out.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Again, going back to December, it doesn’t feel like there's a huge change in the way you’re viewing capital allocations between share buybacks and M&A. But I thought the comment you gave to Scott is comment about EF&C, what’s driving that margin is that applying A22 [ph] to that structure. So I’m just wondering why wouldn’t that principle apply to other opportunities, given that you're running well ahead of where some of your competitors are? Why wouldn’t kind of the pendulum swings towards more M&A. Do you have confidence that you can run businesses better than your competitors?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think running them better is one thing, growing them is another. I think that's really been you know, that's the big delta in terms of M&A fits. We didn’t buy EF&C because we can improve the margins. We bought EF&C because it extends, in our view in a very meaningful way our organic growth potential in the Automotive segment. The margin improvement - the ability improve margins it's certainly through 80/20 is an important part of the equation. But I would view that as more risk mitigation on return on investment. It's not the core reason we buy. You know we can buy a lot of things and work really hard for five years improving the operating margins, but ultimately if we can't grow them when we're done doing that at a rate that's consistent with what we're trying to do get done here it becomes counterproductive and creates a lot of complexity.
Nigel Coe: Yeah, that's good answer. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: I know you talked about stable demand, but if market demand supports faster organic growth through the year you know let's say above that 3.5% upper end of organic guidance. All else equal, would you expect short-term core incrementals to exceed the upper end of guidance, you know that 30% to 35%. Or could you pivot and reinvest in the core business at a faster rate?
E. Scott Santi: I think, Andy, as we talked about in December that that incremental margin of 30% to 35% already includes all the investment that we want to make in our businesses, so that's a sustainable rate on a go forward basis and it’s a by-product of the way we run the business, it's not a target that we drive to with intention.
Andy Casey: Sure. I'm just wondering if given that outlook, if you kind of have a reinvestment budget in mind. If the actual end market growth exceeds the outlook, does the upper end of that core incremental start to exceed 35% in the short-term?
E. Scott Santi : They might. Yeah and it's not because we’re holding back investment, I think the point that we want to make sure is clear, is that we are fully invested and continue to improve the productivity and accelerate the organic growth of these businesses. When Michael talks about our capital allocation, he talk about that as our first priority. So it's not like we're saying, we’re only going to do so much because we can afford to do more, it's that we are – its only so much you can do, particularly through the lens of quality investment and things that drive results at ITW. All that gets prioritized as the first priority with regard to our capital allocation. There’s not, just because things are better than our forecasting scenario, there’s not a bunch of things we wish we could do that we're not doing that we’ll all of a sudden turn on, that’s not, it's just not how it works here. So I think in the short run faster growth is certainly going to have the potential to have higher incrementals.
Andy Casey: Okay, thanks a lot, Scott. And then one additional thing, I know you talked about stability in the quarter and so far in January. In addition to some of these sentiment indices, other companies have talked about kind of, you know some catch-up demand during the quarter where the post-election environment in the U.S. might have been a little bit better than the pre-election. Did you see any of that sort of inflection? I know it could just be a temporary phenomenon. I just wondered if you guys saw any of that?
E. Scott Santi: No, I think the simple sort of way to look at the quarter from a demand standpoint is all the segments we’re on trend, we thought of being a little bit better.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah and I’d just add, Andy, if you look at the monthly very similar in 2016 to 2015 and prior years, so nothing unusual.
Andy Casey : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Mig Dobre from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Maybe trying to ask the prior question a little bit differently. If I'm looking at North America, I know you talked about it throughout 2016. In the first three quarters, North America has grown for you anywhere between 0.5% to 2% and you were flat in the fourth quarter. So wondering if there are some comps issue here or anything like that? How do you think about North America in 2017 within the context of your 1.5 to 3.5 organic guidance?
Michael M. Larsen: This is Mike. I mean, the delta in Q4 relative to Q3 and year-to-date growth rates was really have Test & Measurement had a big Q3 as you recall, up 7% and was down slightly in North America, so that's really what tipped the scale here in Q4. I think in terms of 2017, if you took at current run rates, we still expect low single digit type growth in North America.
Mig Dobre: But if I may tease this out a little bit, do you think that North America is going to be towards kind of the low end of that organic guidance or towards the higher end of that organic guidance?
Michael M. Larsen : Well, so we don't give guidance by geography and we give guidance on current run rate sentiment. It’s certainly more positive, we acknowledge and we’ve talked automotive as a little bit of a wildcard in terms of the outlook for the year, but overall we feel very good going into 2017.
Mig Dobre: Okay, great. Then my follow-up, maybe you can comment a little bit on your geographic balance from a manufacturing standpoint. Are you net exporter or importer out of the U.S.? Are you making any sort of changes to your manufacturing strategy, given all the talk that's out there on policy changes?
E. Scott Santi : Yeah, the overall answer to that is that we have been a produce where we sell company for a long, long time and none of what's out there in the conversation right now would have any impact in terms of our, any changes in that. We are roughly a modest net exporter from North America to the tune of 4% to 5% of revenue. So pretty balanced in terms of, I think that supports what I’ve just said, we are largely producing where our customers are. We do that not because it's low cost, but because it's the most efficient way to serve our customers around the world and it is something that has served us very well and I don't see that changing regardless of any changes in some of the rules in trade policies, et cetera.
Mig Dobre: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is now.
Ann Duignan: Can you talk a little bit about as you enter 2017, which of your businesses are achieving the 200 basis points above market growth? Obviously, Automotive is one of those. And which are you most concerned about are working hard just went to accomplish that 200 bps above market?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I think there are a number of businesses that, first let me just answer the enterprise level. I think, if you look at our performance in 2016 relative to peers or relative to market at the enterprise level we would certainly argue that we grew above market in 2016. If you just look at the performance by business, certainly automotive as you mentioned grew above market. Food Equipment overall, grew above market, we’ve talked about the service fees there, but certainly on the equipment side. I would put Test & Measurement, probably in line with market into 2016. Polymers & Fluids; Polymers, show some PLS activity. In 2016 construction specialty right in line with market.
Ann Duignan: Okay, that’s very helpful. And on the construction side what specifically do you think you need to do to get benefits outperforming because it is a very [indiscernible].
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I think the big part of the agenda there's, we still got a decent percentage of not ready to do businesses primarily in Europe, we're still working on restructuring our European businesses over there. We made a lot of progress in that regard in 2016. And would expect to get through the bulk of that probably by the end of 2017. But North America, the business is performing pretty well and certainly is – the bulk of the agenda now in our North American construction business is centered around consulting organic growth and I think we're really well positioned to do that. But we got Europe straightened away.
Ann Duignan: Okay, and that’s been pretty consistent, I think. Just a quick follow-up on the metals and resin price increases. I'm assuming Polymer includes the segment most impacted by resin, which of the businesses, has been impacted by our metal prices. I know you said that’s them, not very material, but still it is a rising risk?
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, you're right, I mean, we think this is very manageable, I mean Automotive, Food would be the primary ones, steel prices. Then also on the welding side, a little bit, but again it's not, our business units are all over this. We have a pretty good track record of managing the price cost equation. As a reminder we’re not trying to generate, price significantly above inflation. We’re just trying to cover our costs and I think we've done a pretty good job with that historically.
Ann Duignan: Probably just one, the first quarter since we could find where it was a negative. So I think it just caused some of [indiscernible]?
E. Scott Santi: We talked a little bit about it in December, right, that we wouldn't be surprised if we saw some headwind on the price cost equation for a quarter or two until we get a chance to kind of respond. Then I would just point out, like I said, earlier we're talking about the difference between neutral and 10 basis points is $3 million out of $742 million of operating income in the quarter. So, I wouldn't get too alarmed.
Ann Duignan: Fair point, okay I’ll get back in line. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Just to follow-up on North American growth in 2017. Would you expect the growth to start-off the year slower given the tough comp you mentioned in construction in Q1, I assume that construction comp it was driven by North America? And then would you see acceleration expected starting already in Q2?
E. Scott Santi: As you know Steven, the forecasting business, I mean, we said 1% to 2% for overall enterprise growth in the first quarter that's a little bit below where we are for the year. So the improvement in the growth rate in the second half of 2017 is really based on comps. Comps getting a little bit easier, so that's how I would position it and that's all this is at current run rates.
Steven Fisher: Okay. I was just trying to have the expectation that if we see a soft North America in Q1, that’s kind of within your expectations. It sounds like it would be, but just on expectation.
Michael M. Larsen : Yeah, well, that's right. Yeah, that's right and then primarily, I mean, the comp in construction –
E. Scott Santi : It’s all relative to comp.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I mean, the comp in construction, that up 11%, that’s a tough one, so you're right.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Then how sensitive is your buyback programs, to level of the stock price or will it be entirely independent there. I mean, you doubled your plan buyback at the beginning of last year, which I assume is partly because the stock was down was up. But actually we think about the judgment that we apply, that, we don’t have $2 billion of cash flow expected here, only 1 billion of buyback.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I mean, the stock wasn’t really down last year. I mean, the average for the year is 107, so $2 million at an average of 107. And we’ve talked about this before, I mean, we really are in the market on a continuous basis and so this year we have planned it as $250 a quarter, similar to what we did last year. If we were able to the extent that there is a market correction, we certainly have the ability to step in and do a little bit more. But fundamentally the way we think about it is we have a business model here that over the long-term can generate 12% to 14% TSR. Over the long-term that will be reflected we believe in the value of the company and so on and that's how we approach the share buyback program. And it’s really our way to return incremental surplus capital to shareholder business, if there is not an alternative, got to learn some use of that cash other than we could sit on it.
Michael M. Larsen: That's right, $1 billion that we have allocated in 2017 is our best estimate of the surplus capital available in North America and so that's. Once we're done with that everything, we talked about the internal investments, dividends, acquisitions that need a set of criteria, with the remainder of the surplus capital then allocated to the share buyback program. Just going to add one other clarification which was the incremental 1 million that we had last year was to some repatriation that we were able to do, it wasn’t related to share price, which was up 35% once. Just to point that out.
Steven Fisher: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: guess two quick questions. One, I mean everyone's tried the question of whether we've seen improvement in demand post-election and you’ve said no. You have referenced better sort of sentiment out there? When you're talking sentiment is that because you're specifically talking to your customers and they're telling you they feel better or are you just watching the stock market and the broader new. I'm just wondering if it's stuff you're reading or stuff you’re hearing from your customers? Then my second question assuming North America does get better at some point. Is there a difference, should we think about North America, is the profitability, I guess, across the different geographies similar now? Or is North America generally have more profitable businesses you know based on what you've done with the enterprise initiatives I don't know if that's - you know the profit by geographies changed at all? Thank you.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I’ll take the first one and let Michael talk about the second. In terms of the sentiment, I would say it's all of the above. In other words, it's what we read is what our customers talk about, but I'm not sure our customers are doing anything other than reacting to what they're reading, who they're talking to so. As we've talked before, it's I don't think there's any secret that the overall mood seems to be modestly better. Whether that translates into anything meaningful in terms of demand that remains to be seen in terms of our planning. It’s as we said many times we're going to set ourselves up to execute well in the environment as it exists today and certainly be in a position to continue to do so, whichever way the market moves.
Michael M. Larsen: Then, Jamie, your question on margins in North America, they are very consistent across all three geographies at ITW, so we could choose different than it was five years.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, absolutely and I think there's - if you look at, so the average of the company is about 23% now that's fairly consistent in North America and Europe as well as, Asia Pacific. Obviously, we have on a relative basis more exposure in North America, about 50% of our sales are in North America, but the margins are the same.
Jamie Cook: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks, I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask one about the Food Equipment business and there has been some volatility around some of the restaurants and questions about CapEx. I know you guys have a lot of institutional or are you seeing the same kind of volatility to or same concern on either side.
Michael M. Larsen: This is Michael, so institution was really strong in the fourth quarter, you saw Equipment up 9 in North America. Restaurants maybe a little slow early in the quarter, but then picked up in November, December and really stable demand. Then the third piece, I’d just add our retail business, also a solid growth on that side. We haven’t seen any - just look at the number, it’s up 9%, anything to suggest that things are slowing down.
Walter Liptak: Well, that's great thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten : A couple of follow-on questions since we’ve covered a lot of ground; one, the 100 basis points improvement in profitability. I mean, can you give us an idea where to expect more to come from and I assume welding is going to have difficulty holding its margins collections for – showing much improvement in 2017 versus 2016. Give us some idea where the probability change we expect across the segments?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I mean, the best answer, Eli, I can give you that we would expect to see improvement in all of our segments as we continue to execute on the enterprise strategy, so.
Eli Lustgarten: Anyone else besides welding that would be more challenged in 2017, I think welding will be challenged this year?
E. Scott Santi: I don't think we would share that view. I think welding has done a nice job, sustaining margins with a lot of downward pressure on revenue. Certainly, has more room to run in terms of enterprise initiatives.
Michael M. Larsen: Welding will be part of the –
E. Scott Santi : Yeah, I mean, look at welding margins this year, right, and big improvement again in Q4, up 190 basis points and 210 basis points of that was from enterprise initiatives. So –
Eli Lustgarten: Are you talking about a business that’s down peak to trough, more than 20 percent.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah.
Eli Lustgarten: 15 days, you announced the formation of the integrated electronic assembly equipment division and you made some changes. I assume maybe handicap, what can we expect out of that consolidation, I assume there’s no improvement for changes in the past 2017 forecast, but even some handicap of what we might be able to do for the segments and improving that?
E. Scott Santi: I think from your perspective Eli, it’s not going to do anything, so this is more of a natural outcome of continuing to simplify these businesses and structures and the final phases of business structure simplification, so doesn't do anything in terms of the overall results that we're looking at here.
Eli Lustgarten: Just one on automotive, with the slowdown of production is, are there any changes in the automotive spending habits or spending that you’re hearing across the board, particularly in North America, where they just – this is what adjustments and factored and your penetration will offset it.
E. Scott Santi: I think it's been pretty stable I think there are some forecasts out for some slowing in North America in the back half of the year. But in terms of what we're seeing right now and you could see the numbers. Q4 was strong, we’re telling Q1 is in solid shape. Certainly, we’re aware of some of the expectations, but nothing coming through for our customers at this point.
Eli Lustgarten: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: All right. The last question we had on the line is – coming from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: First, just a clarification on some of the welding in oil and gas comments that the stabilization that you’ve seen over the past few quarters, are you seeing it similarly in the North America onshore markets as you are in the offshore markets. I think you know some encouraging signs recently in the onshore markets, but just want to get a sense of whether or not you think both onshore and offshore have bottomed at this point.
E. Scott Santi: We participate in all those markets, I don't have the data right in front of me to answer your question with a great level of detail. So I'll just go back to what we said earlier, overall demand is stable in that business including on the oil and gas side so.
Joe O'Dea: Then just one on some potential policy and you commented on this past year taking advantage of some repatriation to take up the buyback. If you do find that there is policy that enables you to access. A lot of cash that is overseas, is share repurchase the most likely avenue for that? Or are there other capital deployment sides of it that we should be thinking about.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I think it's a little too early to tell. I think that policy in that area is still evolving and trying to guess where it might end up, I don't think would be prudent. We have about, a little more than $2 billion of capital overseas. If we bring some of that back, it would go into the surplus capital category and we would kind of look into the options at that point, but again it's hard to say anything really insightful given the uncertainty in this area.
Joe O'Dea: Very fair. Thanks very much.
Operator: At this time speakers, not showing further questions on queue.
Michael M. Larsen: Okay. Great. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
E. Scott Santi: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Larsen - SVP and Chief Financial Officer Scott Santi - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: John Inch - Deutsche Bank Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Scott Davis - Barclays David Raso - Evercore ISI Andy Kaplowitz - Citi Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Mig Dobre - Baird Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Steven Fisher - UBS Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the end of the presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at any point. And I would like to turn the call now to your host Mr. Michael Larsen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Larsen: Hi, thank you, Gary. And good morning and welcome to ITW’s third quarter 2016 conference call. I’m Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO; and joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today’s call, we will discuss our third quarter 2016 financial results and update you on our 2016 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2015 Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2016 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. And while we use very few non-GAAP measures a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Michael, and good morning. In Q3 ITW delivered another quarter of high-quality earnings growth with record operating income, operating margin and return on invested capital performance. In the quarter we generated 8% GAAP earnings per share growth, operating margin of 23.1% which if you exclude the 80 basis points of EF and CE acquisition dilution, it was 23.9% on an apples-to-apples basis. And after-tax return on invested capital came in at 23%. The key driver of our performance continues to be the execution of our strategy. The third quarter marked the 12th quarter in a row that our enterprise strategy initiatives delivered more than 100 basis points of margin expansion. In addition, we’re continuing to make good progress in executing our pivot to growth with six of our seven segments again delivering positive organic growth in Q3 despite a macro environment that obviously remains challenging. Through the execution of our strategy, we have grown earnings per share by an average of 15% per year over the last four years with almost no help from the market environment. But we still have ways to before we are operating to our full potential. We look forward to providing an update on the work that we have ahead of us to deliver on ITW’s full-performance potential at our annual Investor Day in December. With that I’ll turn the call over to Michael, who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q3 performance and our updated Q4 2016 forecast. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott. ITW’s third quarter was another high-quality quarter with solid earnings growth, continued margin expansion and solid free cash flow. EPS was up 8% to $1.50 slightly ahead of the mid-points of our guidance due to solid execution and the resulting better margin performance. Total revenue was $3.5 billion up 4% and organic growth was 2% in-line with guidance. Overall demand was pretty steady state as we move through the quarter, and what continues to be a fairly challenging environment particularly on the capital equipment side. Nevertheless, six or seven segments delivered positive organic growth in key regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific including China were all positive. In my opinion, the highlight of this quarter was ITW’s record operating margin performance of 23.1% - 23.9% when you exclude EF&C, and all seven segments performing above 21%. Operating income grew 6% to $808 million and after-tax return on invested capital improved to 140 basis points to 23%. Both of these performance metrics were all-time highs for ITW. We invested more than $150 million in capital equipment, new products and projects to simplify our businesses. Free cash flow of 101% on the income was a little lower than last year due to some quarterly timing but year-to-date we’re on track at 94% which compares to 96% at this point last year. We typically have a strong Q4 and we expect to finish the year above 100%. In addition, we repurchased shares for $500 million and expect to complete this year’s program with another $500 million in Q4 bringing the total to $2 billion. Finally, as we saw in August, ITW announced a dividend increase of 18%. So, overall, pretty straight-forward, good quarter as ITW continue to execute well and deliver strong results. On slide 5, starting with the key drivers of our operating margin performance, the strong execution of our enterprise initiatives contributed 120 basis points. Price cost was slightly favorable. Volume leverage of 30 basis points was offset by a number of other items. And EF&C diluted margin 80 basis points, resulting in 23.1%, a record for the company and like I said 23.9% if you’re comparing to our long-term performance growth of 23% plus. On page 6, really good operating performance across the seven segments, with all segments at or above 21% for the first time ever. I wanted to point out that automotive OEM margins as expected were diluted 370 basis points by EF&C and that the core business is obviously still very strong at 25% plus. In construction, restructuring related to the simplification of our European manufacturing footprint created a drag of 190 basis points. The other segment numbers speak for themselves, really strong performance again this quarter. Turning to the segment discussion and starting with our automotive OEM, a really good quarter on the top-line as organic revenue grew 7% due to strong penetration gains in every region. In North America, 5% organic growth compares favorably to Auto-builds of 2% and that includes a 1% decline at the so called D3 where we have relatively higher content. Europe was up 5% with 700 basis points of penetration gains, as overall builds were down 2%. And China was up 40% with very significant penetration gains due to new product launches this quarter. Also, you may recall that China was down 5% in this quarter last year making for relatively easy comparisons. Food Equipment was up 1% organically with North America equipment up 3% due to a difficult year-over-year comparison. You may recall that in the third quarter last year, equipment was up 8%. International equipment was down 3% and service was up 1%. Based on Q3 exit run rates and backlog and a more normalized comparison, we expect that Q4 organic growth rate to be more in line with recent trends, so continued solid demand in Food Equipment. Also continued strong margin performance and 27.4% was the highest margin in the company this quarter. A good quarter for Test & Measurement in electronics as organic revenue grew 7% due primarily to an easy comparison. Last year in the third quarter of this segment was down 11%. Electronics was up 13% and Test & Measurement was up 1% in what continues to be a fairly sluggish capital investment demand environment. However, the solid margin expansion is really encouraging and something we’ve talked about on this call before. Margin improved 440 basis points to 21% with 190 basis points from enterprise initiatives and the balance primarily from volume leverage. While the demand environment in welding is stable, it is still pretty challenging as evidenced by the 9% decline in year-over-year revenues. The decline breaks down as 4 points from oil and gas, 3 points from industrial, which is mostly heavy equipment related to agriculture, infrastructure and mining and then 2 points from commercial. The brighter story; is on the margin front and as the welding team continues to do an excellent job managing the cost structure through this cycle by preserving our strong position in the marketplace and being ready to fully participate as things eventually turn around. Despite peak-to-trough revenues being down about 20%, operating margin is 26.5% this quarter, which, is only 150 basis points below peak margins. In the third quarter, benefits from enterprise initiatives and the restructuring projects we talked about last quarter contributed 240 basis points to margin expansion. As we said before our welding segment remains a good example of how resilient the ITW business model is across a wide range of economic scenarios. Polymers & Fluids delivered another quarter of positive organic revenue growth of 1%. On a regional basis, international was up 3% and North America was down 1% mostly due to lower demand on the industrial MRO side of the business. Margin improved 200 basis points to 21% driven by initiatives and restructuring savings. Demand in construction products held pretty steady this quarter as this segment grew 2% organically. Construction also had a challenging comparison to last year when North America was up 7%. This quarter, North America was up 1% as compared to down 1% in Q2, and this quarter commercial grew 5%, renovation and remodeling was up 4%, and residential was down slightly 1 point. Asia-Pacific was up 2%, New York was pretty good up 2% but below the Q2 growth rates of 7% and 6% respectively. And we talked about the margins 24.5% in construction if you exclude the European simplification project this quarter. Finally, specialty products, organic revenue was essentially flat with international up 3%, and North America down slightly. Our consumer packaging consumable businesses in this segment are growing solidly offset by weaker demand on the capital equipment side. Good progress on the margin side with an increase of 210 basis points to 26.1% driven by 180 basis points from enterprise initiatives. Turning to page 10, our updated guidance for 2016. As you saw this morning we’re raising the mid-point of our full-year EPS guidance and narrowing the range to 556 to 566 which represents 9% earnings growth at the mid-point. As usual, we’re assuming current foreign exchange rates which given the recent strengthening of the dollar against the pound and the Euro creates a few pennies of currency translation headwind in the fourth quarter. As a result, this full-year guidance increased of the penny is essentially the $0.03 beep from the third quarter partially offset by $0.02 of additional currency translation headwind in the fourth quarter at today’s foreign exchange rates. We expect full-year 2016 operating margin to be above 22.5%, a new full-year record for the company and up from 21.4% last year. Keep in mind that EF&C dilutes full-year margin by approximately 50 basis points. In other words, excluding EF&C, we would be talking about approximately 23% operating margin for the year. For the fourth quarter, as usual, our forecast assumes Q3 exit run rates which equates to organic growth of zero to 2%. And embedded in that organic growth forecast is a steady state demand assumption that we feel is pretty reasonable in light of the relatively stable demand trends across our business portfolio in Q3. We expect operating margin of approximately 21.5% which is greater than 22% when you exclude EF&C which compares to 20.7% in Q4 last year, so continued strong margin expansion in Q4. Finally, EPS guidance is $1.31 to $1.41 which is, 11% earnings growth at the mid-point marking a pretty strong finish to the year. So, that concludes our prepared remarks. And we’ll now open up the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir, thank you speakers. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question, it’s from Mr. John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open sir.
John Inch: Thank you, good morning everyone. Guys, international Food Equipment softness I guess was consistent with Lennox’s comments. I’m wondering if we could get little more color on that what you’re seeing. I remember sort of the call or the commentary around restaurants which were softer I believe it was about, I think restaurants are about 15% of your mix maybe if you could just sort of put the international softness in the restaurant issue sort of into a context for us?
Michael Larsen: Yes, so John, I would just, I wouldn’t read too much into this quarter in Food Equipment, as you know the quarter trends can bounce around a little bit. I think if you look at the year-to-date numbers up in that 3% to 4% range we expect to end up in the same place in Q4 and for the full year. I think Food Equipment more broadly we continue to see strength on the institutional side which is the majority of our business particularly in refrigeration and then on the scale side and the retail business but really nothing to be too concerned about in terms of the demand environment pretty stable as we went through the quarter and we’ll be back on trend in Q4.
John Inch: Okay. So, the international, you’re describing it more as a bullet versus some sort of beginning of a trend, is that a fair statement?
Michael Larsen: Yes, that’s correct.
John Inch: Okay. And then Test & Measurement and Electronics, I think some people don’t fully appreciate what’s in the Electronics segment. And I make the commentary in the context that 3M and others have experienced consumer electronics weakness. In their situation it’s all that conversion and Smartphone saturation. And I guess I’m wondering are you experiencing any kind of consumer softness within the confines of the umbrella of this Electronics up 13% organically?
Scott Santi: Our exposures there really have fallen into two buckets. One is and largely clean-room MRO collection of businesses, that’s a pretty steady Eddie business. And then the other piece which is where we saw some of the big driver of the year-on-year growth improvement was really on the Equipment side so we’re producing equipment that people use to produce circuit boards. And that business again Michael talked about it was up somewhat in the quarter but also on a very low comp on the prior year. So I think we would not describe that business as being down significantly or being under pressure but it’s also I wouldn’t read a lot into the year-on-year growth number either.
John Inch: That’s fair. And then just lastly, you Auto strength in China, Michael you attributed to product launches. Is this a one-quarter phenomenon or are you gearing up to try and penetrate the China Auto sector, like, do this have more legs beyond the quarter I guess is what I’m wondering.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think this has a lot more legs to it as we go forward and into next year and beyond. Obviously 40% - builds were up 20% plus. But in terms of kind of what the penetration gains can be, I think that’s directional, that’s where we would expect it to be going forward.
John Inch: And, that 2X numbers, is that what you’re saying?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think that’s doable. Based on the new products and what’s in the pipeline yes.
John Inch: All right. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And therefore next question is from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. The line is open, sir.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks, good morning guys.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: In your next fundamental quarter maybe just focusing on Auto, since there seems to be a lot of concern out there right now giving potentially peaking Auto-builds and Ford’s comments about idling capacity. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that the D3 was down 1, but the out-growth in North America was still really strong. And so maybe just provide a little bit more color on where you’re seeing the out-growth and expectation longer-term to continue to outgrow Auto production?
Scott Santi: We’ve talked about this a number of times in the past. On the Auto business for us is one where we do have a reasonable amount of forward visibility typically two to three years. So we have, we feel very good about our pipeline of new content going on new vehicles. Certainly we will be impacted on a relative basis based on the overall build levels in the market but our ability to continue to outgrow whatever the market growth rate is. If it flattens out we would still expect it to be positive by 200 to 400 basis points. And that’s pretty much a three-year kind of look. We’ve got some great backlogs and great programs in place and a lot of really compelling things we’re working on. So it’s an area that we are very bullish on, on a long-term basis.
Michael Larsen: And I would just add Joe, specifically to the D3 being down 1, the expectations is for them to be down again in Q4. And that’s fully embedded in our forecast. And I think similar to, in food you’ll see a growth rate in line with what we’ve done historically on the Auto side here in Q4.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That’s helpful. And maybe touching base on the margins on Auto, I know you guys are under consistent pricing pressure but at the same time can - you really get a lot of production efficiency to help continue to grow margins in that segment. Given that it’s longer-cycle, maybe have a little bit more visibility on Auto. I’m just curious, kind of compare and contract Auto versus welding because you’ve done such a great job at continuing to expand margins in your welding segment despite a roll-over in growth. I’m just curious how resilient you think your Auto margins can be if we do start to see a slowdown in Auto?
Scott Santi: The Auto margin still is largely about the value-add content we put in the products. So we have talked I think on a number of occasions of our business being very niche, very oriented around solving tough problems for our OEM customers. We’re not planning in the bumpers on whatever model car you’re talking about. We’re at an RFQ bidder, we’re problem solver. So, from the standpoint of the overall margin performance in that business, it largely is a function of our discipline around the types of opportunities we’re going to engage yet with our customers and how well our skill-set matches up with what they need partner to do. So, I think we’re in really good shape. These are typically longer-term, six-seven-year kinds of program. And certainly there are some commitments often embedded in terms of annual cost tick-up, those are fully baked in terms of our knowledge upfront. And we would work really hard on delivering value not only in the design of the actual solution but then on an ongoing basis continue to drive benefits for customers that also drive benefits for the company.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, fair enough. I’ll get back in queue. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And for our next question, it’s from Scott Davis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning guys. I’m trying to get a sense of when welding does come back, what type of margin structure we can expect and the question really here is that how much discretionary spend is being cut and things that you’re going to have to add back pretty quickly your investment spend or how you define it I guess. But just general spend that may have to come back that would indicate that maybe even margins don’t go up, when welding comes back but more flattish, just some color on that would be helpful?
Scott Santi: Your final comment would be very hard for me to see any scenario where that would be the case. We’ve, the teams in welding have done a really nice job of adjusting cost structure to the overall - current demand environment. But there is nothing. We’ve also been very clear and we’ve worked very hard on making sure that all of our, sort of important growth investments remains fully funded throughout this down-cycle. So, it is largely a matter of lot of reapplication of 80/20, a lot of focus and prioritization, it’s not about cutting muscle it’s about adjusting the cost structures. So from a standpoint of how it looks on a go-forward basis, I would have a hard time seeing any scenario where the incremental margins on the recovery would be far outside of our traditional 30% to 35% bucket.
Scott Davis: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just as follow-on, if you think in terms of some normalization in welding sequentially. I mean, when do you think you’d be I know this is hard, but given that oil prices are back up over 50 in emerging markets, we’re getting a bit better and such, so do you get a sense of a book-to-bill in the 1.0 or little bit better range earlier in ‘17? Or do you still think it might be more of a mid-to-later?
Scott Santi: I’ll tell you what I would probably not want to give into the forecasting business here. It’s been we’re going up on eight quarters now, some pretty significant contraction. And we got to see it flatten out first, I would say from the standpoint of just sequential daily order rate demand transit has been pretty solid, pretty steady state for the last three or four quarters here. But it’s not - we’re assuming not seeing any signs of any pick up at this point. I would really hesitate to call a turn at some point in the future but we’re well positioned to participate in it when it happens. And I think we’re managing the business through this down-cycle pretty well.
Scott Davis: That’s fair. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And for our next question, it’s from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Thank you. Just first a broad question. Can you set the framework for December meeting, what we should be expecting organic growth, enterprise initiatives for next year?
Scott Santi: No.
Michael Larsen: We haven’t Dave, we haven’t even been through our full planning cycle yet for ‘17, so that happens in November and which is always our normal routine and then we come to December well-armed with pretty good view of what we think we got to be able to accomplish in the upcoming year.
David Raso: I mean, is it fair to say given next year is officially the last year of the enterprise initiatives that yes, there is a year left of that but the meeting is going pivot more, trying to focus on can you accelerate organic growth with internal initiatives I mean, is that the?
Scott Santi: Not necessarily.
David Raso: Not, okay, that’s interesting. When I think about the incremental margins you just put up, and kind of simplistically I think of it is as when you provide that organic margin change, this trade operating leverage that you provide right before any changes in variable margin overhead cost. The incremental margins were about 36%, and then obviously went higher when you added some of the enterprise initiatives. Whatever you do provide an organic sales growth for ‘17 at that meeting. How should we be thinking about how you view your organic incremental margins right. Because we’re trying to pivot away from an internal how you can keep growing these margins 100 bps a year but at some point it just gets more challenging. What can you give us on organic and what kind of leverage do you expect, just to provide some framework?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think David, consistent with what we’ve said before and I think Scott just mentioned this, and when we’re talking about welding is, we would expect our incremental margins to continue to be in that 30% to 35% range.
Scott Santi: That’s the base rate, not.
Michael Larsen: That’s the base rate that does not include the enterprise initiatives, that’s correct yes.
David Raso: Most of the buckets right, whatever you think you can do on organically and obviously the pressure is on a little bit as we pivot away from the enterprise initiatives, how much can you get the ready-to-grow to show itself in fast-organic. But you still have another year of enterprise value and then again Scott, I do assume that the meeting will get some further, this progress on the idea of pivoting to the organic story? And the capital allocation obviously you’re still generating strong cash. I assume we get some clarity on how to think about the next few years? Just, I mean, I know it’s hard to forecast, just the pivot from here the margin story internally to organic would always be the benefit of your strong cash flow and capital allocation. It is sort of an interesting moment for the stock’s evolution, right. I mean we’ll get more than just here is the ‘17 outlook. Is that fair?
Scott Santi: Yes.
David Raso: Okay, all right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And for our next question, it’s from Andy Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hi, good morning guys. Scott, so with expected margin in Test & Measurement to improve as your enterprise initiatives continue to ramp up. Were you surprised by the speed of the margin ramp up? Is it really just new leadership this year taking a fresh look at the business and making more immediate changes than anything else? And if there is anything stopping Test & Measurement from being a mid-20% margin business, like your other businesses over time?
Scott Santi: Yes, the second answer - the answer to the second question is no. Great fundamentals in that business and I would say as with all of our seven businesses, they are in terms of the work they’ve done moving through, these enterprise strategy initiatives they all started in a different place, they all had their own level of work to be done and Test & Measurement’s case, there were recent progress in terms of outcome is not worthy but they’ve been doing things inside that haven’t necessarily showed up in terms of margin for the last six or eight quarters. And so I’m very pleased with now what’s starting to show up and they’ve been on a pretty good track all the way long in terms of what they’ve been working on to get where they can be. And as you said, still have more room to go.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay, that’s good Scott. And then just shifting to Construction, can you talk about what happened this quarter? You said BSS reduced margins by 190 basis points, but I would have thought that much of the simplification in that segment had already occurred. We know you’ve been trying to simplify your European Construction footprint for some time. But the level of BSS seems a little more out of the blue I guess than I would have thought.
Scott Santi: Well, it wasn’t necessarily out of the blue but there was, there are, from day one we knew that there was a lot to get down there, they’ve gone through a couple of cycles. And this particular project that has certainly, have visible impact on margin in Q1 was one that has been in the planning cycle for a while. But it was among our most complex structures in the company if you go back to - I'm talking about European Construction. And so, we’ve talked in the past about not only the work we’ve been doing but the way we’ve been doing the work in terms of doing it in a methodical fashion in a way that doesn’t impair our ability to serve our customers and generate some reasonable incremental progress along the way. So, while this was, this particular activity was known, we knew we were going to have to do it almost back to the beginning, it’s one where we also are now going to place from a standpoint of time and where we’re in a position to do it and do it in a way that doesn’t impact our ability to serve our customers in the region. So, it wasn’t out of the blue from our standpoint by any stretch.
Andy Kaplowitz: Scott, does the headwind from this kind of quickly go away in terms of the margin difference?
Scott Santi: Yes.
Michael Larsen: Look at welding from last quarter, I mean, our restructuring, when it is, when it tends to be that constant in a segment, we’re doing it every quarter, we talked to you about the overall spend, it’s typically spread pretty evenly, we even talked about it, just part of how we operate. But in the case of welding in Q2, we talked about some fairly sizeable actions and then look at the recovery in Q3 already in terms of margin from that. So in construction this is, the expense side of these, are front-end loaded based on the accounting rules. But the benefits ultimately start to show up maybe not fully in Q4 but certainly over the next three quarters or so.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay, great. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And for our next question it’s from Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open, sir.
Nigel Coe: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I know you don’t provide quarterly guidance by segment, but just given the diversions that we saw this quarter I just wonder if you could maybe give us some help in terms of how you see the zero to 2% playing out in 4Q? I’m assuming that Auto tries to maintain 7%, but any commentary in terms of that spread would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Nigel, as you know, we and as we said, our Q4 organic growth forecast is based on the Q3 exit run rates from a demand standpoint. And really what some of the deviations from that you see are really more comparison issue than anything else. And I think you asked about automotive, if you look at the year-to-date growth rate in that 4% to 5% range, that’s probably what you would expect to see given current run rates and given the comps here in the fourth quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then how does that look in 4Q?
Michael Larsen: How does it look in sorry?
Nigel Coe: How does that look in 4Q?
Michael Larsen: In Test & Measurement?
Nigel Coe: Exactly, yes.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, I think Test & Measurement, the comparison is really to drive out the big 7% increase this quarter. That normalizes a little bit here in Q4, and I think you will see probably a year-over-year increase in Q4 that’s in the low-single digits in Test & Measurement. And it’s really driven by the continued sluggish demand for capital equipment which impacts the Test & Measurement side of that segment.
Nigel Coe: Right, right. Okay, great. And then, just a quick one on the impact of EFC in 4Q, you guided for 50 bps or thereabouts of dilution for the full year, suggests that the margin impact could be slightly greater in 4Q than 3Q. Is that correct, and if that is the case why would that be given I’ve expected most of the wipe downs have happened in the 3Q as opposed to 4Q?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I’m not sure how you got that Nigel I mean Q4 is going to look a lot like Q3 in terms of the EF&C impact. So you saw the margin dilution 80 basis points at the enterprise level. We’d expect the same here in Q4. Revenues in Q3, $117 million which is in line with what we expected and we expect something very similar to that here in the fourth quarter. And then finally on the EPS side, consistent with what we said before, EPS neutral in the first six months here in the second half of ‘16 and then accretive, I would expect you to be accretive as we get into ‘17 and we have to go through the planning process as Scott said and then we’ll give you an update when we get to giving guidance for 2017.
Nigel Coe: Okay, I’ll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Scott Santi: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes, thank you. Good morning. If we can go back to Food Equipment, I’m looking at North America service and growth here over the past couple of quarters has slowed a bit after running at 4% to 5% for the last couple of years. I’m wondering if you can give us any color as to what’s going on here, what’s driving the slowdown?
Scott Santi: I wouldn’t say Mig it’s a slowdown, again if you go back and look, service in North America was up 4% in Q3 last year we’re up 2% this year, that’s pretty solid. But we’ve also talked about the fact that we think there is more potential here for organic growth, that’s probably closer to what we’re seeing at least on the equipment side.
Mig Dobre: I know, but I’m asking really about service. And it is a slowdown from the 4% to 5% that you’ve consistently put up since early 2014. And I guess my question is really going to this idea that we’re starting to see that restaurant sales have slowed here, and I’m wondering if that’s the driver or if it’s something else?
Scott Santi: No, that’s not it at all. I think if you go back and look I don’t think we’ve put up 4% to 5% in service since 2014. But I think going forward that’s not an unrealistic expectation. I mean, services is stable here, we talked about this last quarter, also little bit of PLS in some parts of the business. But overall, kind of been this low single-digit is a pretty good way to think about the business on a go-forward basis, from a growth standpoint. And then obviously as you know this is a very profitable part of the business, more profitable than the equipment side.
Mig Dobre: All right. And then my follow up is back to Auto, looking at the core margin this quarter which was flattish on pretty good volume growth. I’m wondering if there is a bit of a mix issue there or anything else you would highlight.
Scott Santi: Yes, that’s exactly right. It’s really a product mix issue.
Mig Dobre: And how do we think about?
Scott Santi: So, I’m just saying Mig, 25.5% in automotive pretty solid margins and you’re right to point out that the volume leverage really here is the reason why I didn’t show up is the product mix issue.
Mig Dobre: Is this with us going forward into the fourth quarter?
Scott Santi: No.
Michael Larsen: It might be it’s hard to forecast to that level of detail. But what is going to be with us on a go-forward basis of these core margins, in the mid-20s.
Mig Dobre: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody. Just another question on the Auto margin, could you define what the purchase accounting charges were in Q3, and are there any one-offs in Q4?
Michael Larsen: Yes, no, I think rather than go through the individual pieces here Andy I’d rather wait until we can give you the complete picture, also and include in that the guidance here for next year. What I will tell you is that the business is actually performing a little bit better than what we thought from an operational standpoint. The operating margins are like where we thought they were going to be. There were no surprises from a purchase accounting standpoint. And like we said there was no EPS impact here in the quarter.
Scott Santi: In fact means that the charges basically ate up what the business earned in the last couple of quarters, yes.
Michael Larsen: That’s exactly right. So that’s the way to think about it. And we’ve talked about this Andy. When we give you guidance for ‘17, we’ll give a complete picture.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you, Michael. And then the last one in Polymers & Fluids, within that, the 1% North America decline. Can you give any color on that, and update us on what’s going on in the Auto after market?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think automotive aftermarket was pretty stable here again, flat to slightly positive. The decline is really tied to the maintenance, industrial MRO side of that business so industrial lubricants and consistent with what we’ve seen in prior quarters. That is still somewhat challenged, the industrial MRO side.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Good morning.
Ann Duignan: Good morning, sorry about the delay. Can you talk a little bit about the fundamentals in European Construction, and by country or by region and then by application? And where are you seeing strength, are you seeing any slowdown in the U.K., etcetera? If you could just give us a little bit more color on what you’re seeing there, that would be great.
Michael Larsen: I think Europe was pretty good this quarter up 2%, pretty steady and really nothing unusual as we went through the quarter or nothing really material to point out on a country level. So pretty steady state, we feel pretty good about the demand levels, obviously up 2% and feel good about it going into Q4.
Ann Duignan: Okay, so no big changes in the U.K. versus some of the other regions?
Scott Santi: Not at this point.
Michael Larsen: No, I mean, overall U.K. as you know, our U.K. business overall, I’m not talking construction, it’s about 4% of sales and was actually positive in the quarter, like we talked about before the impact right now what we’re seeing is on the currency side moving on to translation side of things. But we haven’t seen anything other than that that’s worth mentioning.
Ann Duignan: And the FX, is that a net positive or a net negative? Are you exporting out of the U.K. or importing into the U.K.?
Scott Santi: We’re producing and selling in the U.K.
Michael Larsen: Yes, the impact is really on the translation side. So we are, we have run profitable businesses in the U.K. and when we bring those, we translate those, pound, British Pound, earnings into U.S. dollars, there is a headwind. And so that’s what we’re talking about.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I appreciate the color. And then just a little bit more color on the automotive sorry to keep coming back to automotive. But your comments that mix had an impact on the quarter. Can you just give us more color there, is that regional mix or mix of builds, and just a little bit more on how we should think about that going forward?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, when we were talking about this product mix, I think in North America and so, our content for vehicle might be slightly different by product line and that’s really what we’re talking about.
Ann Duignan: So can I take that as there isn’t a huge difference in margins regionally?
Michael Larsen: Yes, that’s correct, yes.
Ann Duignan: Okay, that’s important. Thank you. I’ll get back in line.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. I think you made indirect reference to this, David Raso, but how is your visibility changing on winding down PLS activities? To what extent are you increasingly confident that 2016 is the last main year we’ll see it as a headwind?
Scott Santi: Well, I think what I would prefer to do is like to go through this planning cycle that we just talked about we will give you a good update on that in December. But I think before we do any speculating let our businesses run their plans for ‘17 through and then we’ll have a better picture there. Clearly at some point they will start lining down. I would also argue on the other side, we are - this is activity that is very healthy from the standpoint of profitability and focus. So to the extent that there is continued activity there that we’re going to continue to continue to support it until we get all the stuff out of here that we think needs to go so we can really focus on in the highly profitable parts of our business that we think have long-term growth potential. So, we’ll see what happens. I would expect it certainly things start to at least stabilize there if not start to slow down. But until we go through the actual details of what our businesses have in mind for next year, it’s hard to comment.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then within your 35% or so incremental margin targets, how should we think about or how much of that is driven by pricing versus volume? As we look at slide 5, it looked like we had a negative volume impact there, so just trying to break that down if we could.
Michael Larsen: Yes, pricing is not a big margin driver for us here. Really the big margin driver is and has been I think Scott mentioned 12 quarters in a row of the enterprise initiatives, that’s really what’s driving the margin expansion. And the incremental margins, to go back and look historically that’s where the company has been for a very long time in that 30% to 35% range. And really on the pricing side, all we’re trying to do is to offset some material cost inflation but it’s not the key driver of our growth or of our margin expansion.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I think you said price cost was like 10 basis points or something in the quarter. I’m just curious if there’s anything interesting to talk about on either the price or the cost side, and how we think that’s going to look maybe in the fourth quarter? Does it actually turn negative, or whatever commentary you might have there? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: Yes, no there is really nothing interesting to report. I mean, like I think I said all we’re trying to do is offset to the extent that there is material cost inflation that’s we’re trying to offset that with price. We’ve been in this, 10 basis points to 20 basis points range for a number of quarters here, actually longer than that. And we expect to stay in that range on a go-forward basis.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. I guess there’s a perception that some of these material costs are starting to go up. Are you seeing that and you’re just able to price for it, or is that not consistent with what you’re seeing?
Michael Larsen: We’re not seeing any material cost inflation at this point. And when we do we will react like I said, and do our best in the divisions to offset that with efficiency and with price.
Stephen Volkmann: I appreciate it, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And for our last question for today we have Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I just guess just two follow-up questions. One, in your prepared remarks you mentioned free cash flow. The free cash flow was a little light, and it sounded like there were some timing issues. Can you just talk around that sort of what the issues were and how much incremental that is to the fourth quarter? And then second, I guess when I looked at your Construction revenues on an organic basis, it’s still up but obviously the increases are declining. So just a little color on your concern whether that market is turning at all in particular with the ABI data points that we’re getting out because commercial was also very strong within the Construction segment? Thanks.
Michael Larsen: So, I think on the free cash flow, like I said on a year-to-date basis we’re exactly what we were last year so there is, things can move around a little bit on a quarterly basis, for example, our CapEx number is up a little bit this quarter, but year-to-date it’s exactly in line with last year. And then maybe some larger payments that go out in one quarter versus another, we fully expect we’ll be at above 100% for the year, which would imply a strong Q4, which seasonally that’s what we usually do. So, other than that, we feel very good about the free cash flow performance. And on the construction side, I would just add, similar to what we said earlier, I mean, demand is pretty steady state. There are some comp issues that we’re dealing with but we feel good about the using current run rates to model the fourth quarter and we’re not expecting any big changes from where we are right now.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Okay. That’s all for the questions sir.
Michael Larsen: Very good. Thank you very much. And have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 15:45:00) =====
Executives: Michael Larsen - SVP and CFO Scott Santi - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs John Inch - Deutsche Bank David Raso - Evercore Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Deane Dray - RBC Mig Dobre - Baird Andy Casey - Well Fargo Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Joel Tiss - BMO Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steve Fisher - UBS Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities
Presentation:
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Larsen, the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, May. Good morning and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2016 conference call. I'm Michael Larsen, ITW's SVP and CFO and joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our second quarter 2016 financial results and update you on our 2016 earnings forecast. Following our comments, we will be happy to take your questions. And so that we can accommodate as many people as possible, we will limit each Q&A participant to one question and one follow-up question. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2016 third quarter and full-year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2015 Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2016 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. While we use very few non-GAAP measures a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Michael, and good morning. Overall we were very pleased with our second quarter performance as we continue to execute well and as a result delivered strong results and set several new all-time performance records for the company. EPS of a $1.46 was up 12% year-on-year and came in $0.07 above the midpoint of our guidance, $0.04 from better margins, a penny from slightly higher revenue and $0.02 from non-operating items largely related to our minority ownership interest in our former decorative services segment. Operating income of $792 million was up 8% year-on-year and was the highest quarterly operating income in the company's history. Q2 operating margins of 23.1% were up 180 basis points and after-tax ROIC improved 260 basis points to 22.9% both of which were all-time records for the company. As I commented in our Q2 earnings release, these record results reinforce our conviction and the performance potential of ITW's business model and reflect directly on the great progress that our people around the world continue to make in positioning the company to leverage it to its full potential. While we have made significant progress in this regard over the last 3.5 years, we see plenty of opportunity for further improvement ahead. I'm also pleased with the progress that we’re making in our transition to focusing on accelerating organic growth. Organic growth excluding PLS impact of 2% of the enterprise level was pretty solid in this environment particularly when factoring in the 11% decline in our welding segment in the quarter. All six of our other segments delivered a positive year-on-year organic growth in Q2. Net of welding in PLS impact organic growth for our six other segments combined with 4% in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis our 2016 organic growth rate has improved by 130 basis points versus full year 2015 despite significant further erosion in welding demand and tough first half comps in our auto OEM segment. A couple of final comments before I turn the call back to Michael. First earlier this month we completed the acquisition of the Engineered Fasteners & Components business from ZF TRW. This is a great addition of the company and I would like to publicly welcome the 3500 plus members of the EF&C team to ITW. And second I would like to once again thank all of my ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott and good morning everybody. Once again ITW delivered another strong quarter with high quality of earnings and solid execution and improving growth performance in many parts of the company drove record results. We grew GAAP EPS 12% to a $1.46 and exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range. Organic revenue was up 2% growth, 1% when including PLS, with fairly stable demand globally and improving organic growth focus and performance across the company. Good progress in Q2 with 6 of 7 segments achieving positive organic growth with welding the only exception. In Q2 of last year, 3 out of 7 segments were growing organically. Consumer facing businesses were up 3%, industrial facing down 2%, no material change from Q1. On the regional basis North America was up 0.4%, EMEA up 2.9%, APAC up 1% and China was up 0.4%. A comment on the U.K. which represents 5% of ITW sales. In Q2 our U.K. sales were up 2% with no signs of a slowdown and in our opinion it is too early to tell what the longer term impact from Brexit may be. But at current FX rate, the weakening of the British Pound is modestly unfavorable which is expected into our updated guidance. As Scott mentioned we established new all-time records on a number of our key performance metrics, operating margin of 23.1% up 180 basis points versus last year. Enterprise initiatives contributed 120 basis points to margin expansion with price cost and volume leverage and other contributing the remaining 60 basis points. We grew operating income 8% to $792 million making this the most profitable quarter ever in ITW's history. After-tax, ROIC improved 260 basis points and was also new all time record at 22.9%. We invested about $140 million in our businesses for growth and productivity. Free cash flow of $471 million was up 23% versus Q2 of last year and 90% to net income conversion was consistent with typical Q2 seasonality. In the second quarter we allocated $500 million to share repurchases and plan to repurchase an additional $1 billion in the second half bringing the total for the full year to approximately $2 billion with $1.2 billion from overseas funds and about $ 800 million from normal surplus cash flow. In the second quarter ITW operating margin exceeded 23% for the first time and we listed the margin drivers on the right side of the page starting with 120 basis points from our enterprise initiatives. Price cost came in as expected modestly favorable 20 basis points and volume leverage and other contributed the balance. Continued strong margin expansion across the company with construction product up 440 basis points to 24.3%, Food Equipment of 300 basis points to 25%, Specialty Products, Test & Measurement and Electronics both up 250 basis points and Automotive up 130 basis points to 25.8%. Polymers & Fluids was flat due to restructuring and in welding despite a 140 basis points of restructuring impact the quarter, operating margin was 24.9%. Welding's peak-to-trough revenues are now down approximately 20% and yet operating margins are still solid in the mid 20s. This performance although pretty challenging cycle is a good example of the resilience of the ITW business model. Turning to the segment discussion and starting with Automotive OEM, another solid quarter with organic revenue up 4% against the top comparison last year as Scott mentioned earlier. In North America 3% organic growth, Europe was up 8% and China was up 13% despite the fact that overall bills were only up 4% and flat at Western OEMs. We expect growth rates to continue to improve in the second half as comparisons get a little easier. Another very solid quarter in Food Equipment up 5% organically with broad-based strength on the equipment side including refrigeration, warewash, cooking and scales. North America was up 6% despite the top comparison with equipment up 9% driven by end market demand in K through 12 lodging, health care and retail and service was up 1%. International was up 3% with equipment up 4% and service up 2%. And continued strong margin performance as volume leverage and savings from enterprise initiatives improved operating margin at 300 basis points to 25%. Also a very solid quarter for Test & Measurement and Electronics, as organic revenue grew 3%. Electronics platform grew 6% due to end market strength in solar and semiconductor. We talked about the margin expansion potential in the segment before, and we were pleased to see 250 basis points of improvement to 18.6%. And remember that the 18.6% includes 370 basis points of acquisition related non cash amortization charges which will beat up over time. Declines in welding demand continued in Q2 with organic revenue down 11% in the quarter with equipment down 13% and consumables down 10%. The decline breaks down as 5 points from oil and gas, 5 points from industrial which is mostly heavy equipment related to agriculture, infrastructure and mining and 1 point from commercial. North America was down 8% with equipment down 10% and consumables down 5%. International was down 21% again due largely to oil and gas. If demand holds steady at current levels year-on-year percentage declines should moderate in the back half of 2016 due to easier comps. And like I said earlier, solid operating margin performance of 24.9% which includes 140 basis points of restructuring impact. Polymers and fluids delivered another quarter of positive organic revenue growth of 2% as this segment continues its pivot to growth after an extensive period of PLS process over the last three plus years. On a regional basis North America was up 1 and international was up 3%. Approximately half of the segment revenues are related to automotive aftermarket which grew 3%. The balance is primarily industrial MRO applications as fluids improve 1% and polymers was flat. Overall margins were unchanged at 20.9% which includes 70 basis points of restructuring impact.  As with our Test & Measurement and Electronics segment 20.9% includes 420 basis points of acquisition related non-cash amortization charges. Another solid quarter in construction products as organic revenue increased 3%, North America was down 1% with a tough year-over-year comparison of 15% in Q2 last year. Renovation remodeling was down 6% after being up 22% in the first quarter and in the quarter - in North America commercial was up 5% and residential up 1% and overall we feel like we’re exiting the quarter in good shape from a demand perspective. On the last call we talked about how quarterly numbers in construction can be a little choppy and not necessarily a good indicator of overall levels of demand. To normalize trends, if you look at North America in the first half up 4%, renovation remodel up 6%, commercial up 7% and residential up 2%, you get a more accurate picture of the underlying levels of demand which are pretty solid. Asia Pacific was up 7% due to Australia, Europe was up 6% driven by the U.K. up 7%, France up 6% and Germany up 10%. And again very strong progress in operating margin up 440 basis points to 24.3%. Finally another solid quarter in specialty products with organic revenue flat, solid growth in consumer packaging offset by some lumpiness on the equipment side. And very good progress on our operating margin with an increase of 250 basis points to 26%. Turning to EF&C, we’re very pleased to complete this terrific acquisition on July 1. As you know in the automotive OEM space, with ITW's very focused strategic positioning, we’ve demonstrated the ability to outgrow global auto builds by over 400 basis points on average since 2012. And given the visibility that we have in this business, we are confident that we will continue to outgrow auto builds by 200 to 400 basis points over the next several years. We are excited about adding EF&C to ITW because it gives us some additional leverage on this very focused strategy and broadens our ability to serve and grow with our global and regional automotive OEM and Tier customers. It expands our ability to drive our global content per vehicle and increase our share of the relevant market. For reference, our global content of $30 per vehicle compares to a relevant market that is greater than $200 per vehicle. Specifically EF&C adds a number of things to our current position. First of all it adds several new strategic differentiated product platforms that have similar characteristics to the core product platform that we support today. And on a regional basis with its global strategically located manufacturing facilities, it is very complimentary to our geographic footprint which is a little more weighted towards North America. So it gives us better global balance overall. And certainly we continue to see significant potentials to leverage our 80/20 business management process and help the EF&C team continue to improve its operating metrics. Operating margin entering ITW are about 10%, and we’re confident that we have a clear path to doubling that rate at a minimum over the next 5 years. EF&C already has a very experienced and capable operating team with a reputation for delivering reliable quality and excellent customer service performance. From the standpoint of the transaction and the financial components, purchase price of $450 million is less than one-time sales and the business is actually performing slightly better than expected. The 2016 financial impact is 2.20 million to 2.40 million of revenues, so 110 to 120 in Q3 and in Q4. From a margin standpoint, EF&C has dilutive approximately 50 basis points to ITW operating margin and after tax ROIC and dilutive approximately 200 basis points to the Automotive OEM segment. So to be clear, excluding EF&C we would have guided to approximately 23% operating margin for the full year to-date including the EF&C we’re maintaining our prior guidance of greater than 22.5%. From an EPS standpoint, we expect no impact in 2016 due to typical acquisition accounting related impacts but certainly accretive in 2017. And we are confident that we can generate after tax returns in the mid to high teens by year seven.  Last page, our updated guidance for 2016 assumes current foreign exchange rates and includes the acquisition of EF&C. We're raising full year GAAP EPS guidance by $0.10 at the midpoint to a new range of $5.50 to $5.70. The $5.60 midpoint represents 9% earnings growth on the year-over-year basis. We expect that demand remains stable at current levels and as a result we’re narrowing our full year organic growth forecast to 1% to 2% due to the more challenging than expected market conditions in welding. Consistent with prior forecast our guidance includes approximately one percentage point of PLS impacts, so excluding PLS we expect full year organic revenue growth of 2% to 3%. Keep in mind that while PLS does reduce revenues in the short term, it is both a critical driver of our margin performance and a key component of our portfolio management strategy, as we exit slower growth product lines and focus on our most compelling opportunities to accelerate organic growth at ITW caliber margins. As I said earlier operating margin guidance is unchanged at greater than 22.5% but now includes approximately 50 basis points of dilution from EF&C. We're maintaining our previously communicated target of $2 billion in share repurchases for the year and finally for the third quarter our GAAP EPS guidance including EF&C is $1.42 to $1.52 assuming operating margin of approximately 23% and 1% to 3% organic growth. So that concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open up the call to your questions. Please be brief and as a reminder one question and one follow-up question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mr. Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks and good morning, everyone. So I guess my first question is on organic growth. It was nice to see the organic growth improvement in 2Q versus 1Q despite the weakness that you guys saw in welding. I'm just curious, as you look into the third quarter guidance of 1% to 3%, are you seeing underlying trends improve as you exit the quarter because it seems like you're guiding to a number that's slightly better in the comps on a two year basis - don't really change much.
Michael Larsen: Well, Joe, if you look at it, we are assuming current levels of demand going into Q3 and the slight bump in overall year-over-year organic growth rate is due to the comps. So we’re assuming no acceleration in Q3 or Q4 at current demand levels.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. Michael, and then I guess - I mean we're current - where were you exiting the quarter at demand levels that were slightly better as you progressed through the quarter? I'm just curious to…
Scott Santi: Pretty steady - pretty steady through the quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, it was a pretty steady as we went through the quarter on the monthly basis like we said pretty firm overall in the second quarter and we feel pretty good going into Q3 and Q4.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then I guess my one follow-up - maybe touching on welding for a second since clearly trends got a little bit worse this quarter. It was really nice to see the decrementals were solid on the welding side. I'm just wondering if trends persist are you expecting the same type of decrementals for the second half of the year? And then to your comment earlier, Michael, on how to think about welding for the second half, are you just assuming like maybe a 3 to 4 point improvement because comps eased by that much for the second half of the year?
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, the expectation through the balance of the year on the revenue side for welding and current demand rates were down mid-single digits in Q3and Q4. That slightly-- the rate is better because of the comps get easier, but we're – in our scenario based on what we're seeing right now, we're still expecting some further decline. From the standpoint of the incremental margins they should be certainly right in line; some of the benefits from the structuring charges that we incurred in Q2 should start to show up in Q3 and Q4. 
Scott Santi: Yes, these are pretty steady margins as we go into the back half based on what we know today. 
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. Great, thanks guys. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator : Our next question is from Mr. John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
John Inch: Thanks, good morning everyone. EF&C just now that the deal's closed, what sort of intangible amortization is part of this deal and what kind of accretion are we looking at next year assuming the run rate?
Michael Larsen: Yes, so what I can tell you in terms of accretion our view is that this will be modestly accretive in 2017. But let's get in there and take a look and make sure we give you a more accurate view than probably when we get to our Analyst Day in December we'll be able to give you a little bit more detail. But we just bought the business, we got to get in there and then we'll give you a more accurate view. 
Q – John Inch: Did you say anything on the intangible amortization, Michael?
A – Michael Larsen: We are not completely done yet, so it wouldn’t be appropriate to comment on that. I mean, I think again we will expect no EPS impact here in the second half of the year neutral on EPS slightly dilutive our margins and then the next year modestly accretive with accelerating benefits beyond that.
Q – John Inch: All right. So shifting gears, I appreciate your comments on the UK. I think other companies have more or less said it's still too early to say anything. It's hard from our perspective, I mean generically our perspective, to surmise why Europe doesn't suffer some sort of economic deferral or confidence issues. Certainly you can see European investors rotating into US stocks. They're clearly concerned. Right? My question - you guys have a lot of European exposure relative to other industrial companies. What - you've done a fantastic job and you've clearly - I think people see the flex in your business model. But I can't imagine you're complacent. Right? So I'm trying to understand - what is your strategy for managing through what could be possibly deteriorating fundamentals in Europe? And as the crawl rate to that, you - I'd like to know how this perhaps dovetails into your own M&A strategy. And specifically you clearly want to do more deals, you just don't want to put the cart before the horse. But if things were to deteriorate, does that cause you to do more deals sooner perhaps or just push them out? Just how are you think about that? I'm sorry the question is long. There's just a lot of context to it.
Scott Santi: Let me try to hit all the points and let me know if I miss anything, right. I think overall our strategy is no different than how we operate the company day-to-day which is we are – we have a very - on a relative basis a very flexible cost structure, we are a fast reactor; we're not a predictor of the future. And I think as you’re seeing in welding right now we are certainly confident in our ability to react in an effective way to whatever sort of the cards, however the cards play out in Europe. I think right now and it's certainly reflected in our Q2results there we're not seeing anything yet it's obviously very early. But I think overall I don't really see any difference between sort of the kind of contingency planning we would do around the whole Brexit situation and the other contingency planning that we would do relative to global macroeconomic conditions generally in whatever region of the world. From an M&A standpoint, I think all I would say that go back to where we’ve talked about repeatedly which is the primary focus of the company right now is, is that we’ve got a collection in our view of terrific assets and our primary focus is operating the assets we already have to the best of our ability and there is certainly more runway to go in terms of getting to our – from where we are to what we view as our full potential. And the M&A we’re doing is really largely bolting on to one of the existing seven businesses that we have and as those opportunities, you know, if should other opportunities emerge at our good faith we will certainly not hesitate. But I think we are very convicted about our ability to continue to grow earnings, growing and continue to improve the operating metrics of the businesses that we own.
Q – John Inch: Maybe one more, Scott, just because you're such a big company in Europe, has Brexit or other issues in Europe caused you as a corporation to defer or modify what otherwise investments you might have been making into Europe and/or step up PLS in some manner or restructuring?
Scott Santi: No. It’s just way too early. I don’t think we’re going to panic and I certainly don’t think we want to try to anticipate what’s going to happen because nobody knows. But I wouldn’t go back to what I said earlier I think our view to react effectively quickly to whatever happens is pretty solid.
Q – John Inch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. David Raso from Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. I know it's a little early being July but sort of the setup into the December meeting is going to be important about accelerating the organic growth and you laid out about a year and a half ago the idea of businesses getting ready to grow. And it seems like a fairly sizable increase in the amount of your business as you feel will be ready to grow going into next year than this year. Can you help us point out which of the businesses do you feel are entering that phase and we should look at particularly into next year as the ones that will make that jump to being ready to grow?
Scott Santi: Well, we’re – at the segment level, you know, within each of our segments there are businesses that are certainly there. I’m trying to sort of – it’s really hard to get at your question, I think clearly based on current performance autos very far along, for the equipment very far along I think we are making some really strong progress in the other five segments. And it’s not a matter of flipping the switch going from not ready to ready. It’s more of an acceleration overtime as more as of the division in five each segment make that transition. In my view is that we’ve – our second quarter results certainly reflect solid progress in the right direction and you can – we will - we expect it to continue to improve quarter-by-quarter. But it’s not a matter of – it’s not a matter of flipping the switch and going from not focus on growth to all in with both feet.
David Raso: I'm just trying to figure out, Scott, the idea of - of course the ability to grow is trying to be characterized as not necessarily that sensitive to the end market. Right? It's more of a change in attitude about how you're going to push the business going forward. But I'm just trying to package that in so which of the end markets that maybe I'm more comfortable with or less comfortable with in 2017. So I was just trying to pinpoint where are those particular end businesses that at least you kind of see as their attitude's going to change a bit 2016 going into 2017. It's been building towards it. Just so I can kind of track that progression as we exit 2016 into 2017. Are there some businesses you would at least highlight outside of auto and food right? Those are already pretty far along. Welding's obviously got some macro issues. Maybe those comp C's. But if you can just help us a little bit to flesh it out for our own field work.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean David as Scott said, this is really a process that’s being orchestrated to vision all level. So we have 84 divisions at the end of last year, 60% of our revenues were in that ready-to-grow category. And we look at the progress every quarter and we are on track to get to the 85% ready-to-grow. So most of the company will be in a position to accelerate organic growth going into '17 and it’s a gradual timeline. So every month, every quarter divisions reach that phase of being ready-to-grow and that’s at the segment level we have different levels of progress based on when the segments really start to focus on the organic growth, strategy. And so it’s hard to really comment at the segment and the end market level beyond what we just walked you through.
David Raso: Okay. So I mean just to leave it as then bigger picture - macro the same a year from now as it is today, the idea is with 25% more of the more of the Company ready to grow going into 2017 than you had going in 2016, the base case should be the Company should be able to accelerate as organic.
Michael Larsen: That’s fair.
A – Scott Santi: Well, and you saw the slide, the second slide, really illustrates that point, right, where you look at our first half growth rate relative to last year in an environment that’s pretty similar. Good progress on the overall organic growth rate at the enterprise level.
David Raso: And the PLS drag is less next year than this year? That's still base case?
A –Scott Santi: Yes, we have to get through the planning process here in the fall. But I think it’s reasonable to assume that PLS will be less than '17 than in '16.
David Raso: Terrific. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next question is from Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Q – Nigel Coe: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to circle back to welding. And I think, Scott, you mentioned that the comps get a lot easier in the second half of the year. And you're assuming that the business is sequentially stable from 2Q. We get into that mid single-digit declines. I'm just wondering, just given the normalcy of knowing that business, do you think 2Q represents a flaw for that business or would you expect second half to be a little bit lower in line with normalcy now.
A –Scott Santi: I don’t think of that. I wouldn’t - given what we’re seeing I would certainly not call it a floor. I think, our expectation heading into the year was that – that was going to flatten out at some point in '16. And clearly that’s you know based on the first two quarters. We’re not seeing that. So I – I think we got to see what the future holds there a little bit. But our planning assumption is I think sufficiently conservative in terms of it's you know impacting the overall forecast for the back half of the year. But it’s still a pretty choppy environment and Michael gave you some numbers before down to 15% year-on-year in industrial oil and gas. Six quarters in here it’s still pretty challenging. 
Q – Nigel Coe: Yes. Understand. And then just switching to price cost as a follow-on. 20 bps relatively modest. Maybe can you just maybe decompose that between price and raws? And the reason why is that obviously we've got steel inflation coming through in the next six to nine months. And I'm wondering how we should think about that price cost gap developing.
A –Scott Santi: Yes. So Nigel as the price cost came in as expected as you point out and slightly favorable a 20 basis points again. And as you know maybe different from some other companies, price cost has not been a significant margin driver over the last three years. And I think what’s going on inside the businesses is really with the support from our strategic sourcing team. The businesses are closely monitoring the material cost side and taking appropriate action on the price side. And on both price and material costs, we’ve not seen any significant impact or any change in terms of the result in the second quarter. And so going forward we remain confident that we can continue to generate this type of modest price cost favorability on a go forward basis.
Q – Nigel Coe: Okay, I’ll leave at that. Thank you.
Operator: Nest question is from Mr. Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Q – Andrew Kaplowitz: Hi, good morning, guys. So Test & Measurements and Electronics return to growth for the first time I think since mid-2014. How much of the improvement is the markets getting better versus easier comparison versus ITW's specific focus on pivotal growth? I know you're probably going to say all three, but if there's any additional color on what is going on there that'd be helpful. And have you seen any increase in capital equipment spent on the Test & Measurement side? And electronics at 6%, you mentioned the strength in semis does seem like a pretty strong result versus what you can see.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think the way I would characterize it is things pretty stable on a Test & Measurement side but no big and or even modest improvement in terms of underlying buying activity but certainly a solid stable performance. And on the Electronic side as we talked about some nice sequential improvement in the two sectors that you referenced. I think we want to see another quarter or two before we decide that that’s a long term trend. But overall it’s a nice improvement. 
Q – Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. That's helpful, Scott. And maybe - you've obviously done very well versus the enterprise strategy goal that you've set now really several years ago. How do we think about - it's tough organic growth environment here in 2016 again. But the one goal that's out there you doing 20 basis points better than global industrial production still seemed a little hard to achieve if welding continues to be weak. How do you look at that goal here over the next couple of years? Do you need welding to improve? Can you do it with still weak welding if the other segments are good? How do you look at that goal?
A –Scott Santi: Well, I think if welding continues to shrink 11% a quarter it certainly going to be a tough. It’s going to be a tough not to crack. But clearly that’s not our expectation. I don’t think it would be anybody’s expectation that’s a – that whole industry is a core part of the industrial economy around the world. We have a terrific position in it. They are certainly sort of the double whammy right now of oil and gas and slow industrial investment but all of that’s creating a lot of pent-up demand at the same time. So things going around in our history in welding is that coming out of these sort of down cycles in the market. There is 8 to 12 quarter run of some really strong recovery. I don’t think there is anything fundamental exchange in our view of in terms of the overall attractiveness of the welding market. And so I think in general what I would point to in terms of our – and our conviction remains unchanged in terms of our goal. We've worked really hard to shape this portfolio, so that we are operating in spaces everywhere where the product really matters to the customers as long as we continue to generate solutions that will help our customers serve their customers better. And we’ve got plenty of room to outgrow the underlying economy and we are not step off that a one bit in terms of our both our commitment to it and all the efforts going on inside the company to make that happen. 
Q – Andrew Kaplowitz: All right. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Next question is from Deane Dray from RBC. Your line is now open.
Q – Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to circle back on EF&C and some more specifics on the business now that you own it. And, Scott, you called out some new platforms. I'd be interested in hearing just broadly what the new platforms are or the adjacencies and then maybe where there might be overlaps? And is this where you're going to bring in product line simplification and what percent that might be versus the revenue base today?
A –Scott Santi: Yes, not a lot of overlap, it’s one of the attractive things about it both from a product line and a customers - from a product line and customer standpoint. In terms of the complimentary platform it probably gets a little too messy to try to get into in too much detail. Let me just say that they are similar to the current platforms we are in and that they are highly sort of value-added engineered solutions to specific OEM customer needs, some different categories in terms of the actual functionality. But largely the similar types of position that we have in our core business. So lot’s of opportunity to add those categories to the existing categories we have. I think what I would say is we will clearly spend some time on this in December and it would be more effective for us to do so then as we’ve had a couple of quarters worth of business under our belt. From a standpoint of PLS certainly my expectation is that we are going to have a fair amount of it there under our normal application of 80/20 less so related to dealing with overlap as I said it’s not a big issue. But we need to - and we have some initial views based on some of our due diligence but we certainly need some time to get in there over the next couple of quarters, and really look at it at a much more fulsome way. But it will be part of the mix for a while. Part of the margin improvement agenda there.
Deane Dray: Great. And then what about the margin goals that you've laid out to basically double margins by year 5? Have you thought through, can you share what that progression might be? I would imagine the gains come more in the back half of that time frame as opposed to being linear.
Scott Santi: Now, I would say they’d probably play at a little more linear and sort of a typical integration. This is as we’ve talked before the application of 80/20 is in our quick fix. It’s a three to five year process from go to full integration. And I would say again we will have a better view of what we will be able to get down in '17 on this when we are a couple of quarters down the road. But I think in general I would - I think a more appropriate planning assumption would be a couple of points a year for the next five, then a big hockey stick.
Q – Deane Dray: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, one of the things within the food equipment results today, I was surprised to see service not a little bit better given the kind of focus that you've put on it there. Is there anything in the quarter that might have been a drag there? Should we start seeing service become a more meaningful contributor?
A – Scott Santi: The answer to the second question is absolutely, I think some of the problems with these quarterly - with these quarterly calibrations are these are strategies that play out over the course of the year. So you’ve got a lot of things bouncing around. I don’t - sitting here right now I can’t say whether there is – there is a sort of what the top profile was in service and food equipment. But in general as you said we’ve got a lot of focus on service. It’s a great business and a great competitive advantage for us.  The other thing is that there is some PLS have a couple of parts of that business going on right now but my assumption is that if I look at it deeper but my assumption is that’s probably had some impact in Q2. 
Q – Deane Dray: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question is from Mr. Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is now open.
Q – Mig Dobre: Good morning, everyone. If I may just going back to the broader organic growth question from - questions from earlier, just kind of looking at the quarter here EMEA certainly ended up outgrowing all the regions - 3% versus everywhere else growth at 1% or below. And I'm just wondering, from your perspective looking into the back half of the year, do you still expect this kind of leadership from EMEA or are you thinking that we're going to see acceleration from North America deliver those organic growth goals of yours?
A – Scott Santi: Yes, I think Mig if you look at the first half growth rates both international and North America kind of in the low single digits that’s probably a good way to think about the back half of the year. So we certainly don’t expect any acceleration on a regional basis and as you know we don’t run the company that way.
Q – Mig Dobre: Okay. And then maybe, again, going back to food equipment, can you provide any commentary in terms of what's been driving the growth in equipment? I'm wondering if there's anything to differentiate in terms of ware washing versus cooking, refrigeration - any color there would be helpful.
A – Scott Santi: Yes, Mig, I made some comments earlier really that this was broad based strength in terms of the product lines with refrigeration, warewash, cooking and the retail side with scales overall really strong performance across the board but as you heard equipment up 9% in North America.
Michael Larsen: And I would characterize as it is much more of a function of significant part of food equipment business reaching that ready-to-grow stage. It’s been there for the last year or so and just been in a position to be much more aggressive in terms of attacking our growth opportunities. The innovation pipeline there is terrific. That’s certainly is contributing, but it’s more of an end product of all the work that we’ve done to get the portfolio right get the business simplified and get it focused on its best growth opportunities.
Q – Mig Dobre: Right. And I appreciate that, but obviously the drivers are, I presume, a little bit different, ware washing versus hot side cooking. Right?
A – Scott Santi: I don’t think – I wouldn’t say they are a lot different based on what I just said. We’ve got a highly competitive, highly differentiated product lines with great opportunity to grow and are now in a position to really focus on attacking that.
Q – Mig Dobre: All right. Thanks for your comment.
Operator: Next question is from Andy Casey. Your line is now open from Wells Fargo.
Q – Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody. A question kind of going back to pricing. I know, as you just said, Scott, the Company focuses on differentiated product and that kind of shields ITW from price competition. But we are seeing some evidence of competitive pricing in some of the markets that you really don't participate in directly. Did any of the segments realize negative pricing or see competitors resort to price actions to try to drive their volume?
A – Scott Santi: Yes, I think Andy this was a Q2 that this year that look a lot like Q1 and a lot like Q2 last year. So we would say at the enterprise level and even at the segment level no significant changes on the pricing side.
Q – Andy Casey: Okay. That's good news. And then on the EF&C acquisition, the accounting impact, do you expect to realize all that in Q3 or is that going to be kind of carryover into Q4?
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, I really don’t want to get into too much detail here. But in terms of Q3 versus Q4, we are just getting going here, Andy. And what I can tell you is for the second half based on what we know today we expect it to be neutral. And I don’t think it will be a big swing on a quarterly basis but I don’t know that for sure yet.
Q – Andy Casey: Okay. Thanks a lot, Michael.
Operator: Next question is from Ann Duignan from JBMC. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning, I'm still with JPMorgan.
Michael Larsen: Thank you. Good to hear it.
Ann Duignan: At least I think I am. A lot of my questions have been answered but maybe you could give us a little bit more color on China in general and how the various businesses progressed during the quarter in China?
A – Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think China overall was flat with strong performance in Automotive. Auto up 13%, Test & Measurement fairly solid, low single digit growth some challenges you would expect on the Welding side and Food down slightly. But I wouldn’t read too much into that. So, overall a good quarter in China.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you. And then just back to - overall, we've heard from some other suppliers that there are several OEMs who are shutting down production in Q3 for extended periods. I think you kind of alluded to that perhaps in the welding business but are any of your other businesses seeing any extended shutdowns from the customers?
A – Michael Larsen: Not that I’m aware of.
Ann Duignan: Okay, thank you. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Next question is from Joel Tiss from BMO. Your line is now open.
Q – Joel Tiss: Yes. Almost everything's been answered already. Thank you guys for taking the time. I just wondered generally acquisition prices, are they reasonable? Because you guys are a little different than everyone else. You're very zeroed in on specific areas or you see a little inflation out there and it's tough to find things.
A – Scott Santi: Well, we did one deal. So I’m not sure that we’re a market maker on or can give you a good feedback overall. It’s not something where I think we have enough of an active effort on to be a – to give you any good insight or input on acquisition prices generally.
Q – Joel Tiss: Okay, all right. Well, that was it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Q – Steve Volkmann: Hi, good morning. My follow-up first maybe this time. You made a comment earlier about PLS being less in 2017, but I guess that means it's not going to go away. Does it ever go away? Is it - does go to a normal level? I mean how do we just think of the cadence of PLS longer term?
A – Scott Santi: Yes, I think eventually it goes down to a level where it’s – whatever described as normal maintenance probably less than half a percent a year I think. I don’t want to get too specific here because as Michael said we stopped looking through the plating cycle. But the big lot of activity on this for the company over the last three years plus has really been around the portfolio strategy execution. Once we get it to where we wanted, it certainly becomes something that we do some minor pruning on an annual basis. But it’s not something that we even talk about it anymore at that point and maybe that’s a couple of years out from here.
Q – Steve Volkmann: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just on restructuring, I wonder do you have additional restructuring in your plans for 3Q, 4Q? And maybe if you could just touch on sort of what you're doing there and how we should think about that impact in 2017.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, Steve our restructuring assumption for the year in that $60 million to $70 million range is unchanged. And we don’t expect any significant changes to that as we go through the Q3 and Q4. Even current levels of demand were at 60 to 70 and don’t see anything right now that would take it outside of that range.
Q – Steve Volkmann: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Just two quick follow-ups. One, I know you don't want to comment on the auto acquisition. But I guess on your other businesses as we exit 2016, how should we think about amortization expense from acquisitions? Because I would assume that's another tailwind as we think about 2017 versus 2016. And then another clarification just on FX impact to EPS. I think last quarter you guided to $0.20. Did you change that number with the pound? That's all I have.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, let me start with the last one. I think the 20 euro frankly was a way back win at the beginning of the year. If there is a lot of volatility as you know on the currency side of things. And so while at current rates we would expect it to be less than 20 it’s really hard to put hard and fast number out there given all the volatility. On the intangible amortization, we expect that to continue to go down to two segments where we talk about this Test & Measurement and Polymers & Fluids it’s maybe something like 30 to 50 basis points of favorability on an annual basis in those two segments. So…
Q – Jamie Cook: Okay, great. I will get back in queue.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Fisher from UBS. Your line is now open.
Steve Fisher: Thanks, good morning. The Q3 margin guidance implies a moderating of the year-over-year improvements in margins, even if you adjust for the 50 basis points of EF&C. It doesn't sound like there's a lot more restructuring there. Are we just sort of getting to the maturity point of the margin improvement or is there perhaps some conservatism there?
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, it’s certainly not like we’re getting to a level of maturity here. So, as you know, we have guided to 100 basis points of margin expansion this year and in '17 independent of volume and Scott talked a little bit about how much more potential we still have inside the company. Really the last year, if you recall, margins were up 180 basis points. We had a really strong third quarter last year. And so it’s really more of a comp issue than anything else. 
Steve Fisher: Okay. That's helpful. And then how have your expectations changed for the industrial-facing businesses year-over-year? Last quarter I think you said there was maybe a chance that you could get to neutral exiting the year. Has welding now taken a step backwards there or how are you thinking about that consumer versus industrial by kind of exiting the year?
A – Scott Santi: Well, I think I’ll just go back to what I said earlier. I think welding given the performance in the first two quarters, the contraction is certainly continuing on longer than - expectation is kind of the funny word because we tend to just react to the conditions that we’re seeing. But I think ultimately heading into the year given the kind of decline we saw last year I think we are hopeful that things were going to flatten out by the back half clearly given the first two quarters that’s not the case. But at some point it’s going to happen. And I think what we’re doing in the short run is managing the cost structure with some restructuring actions and other things we’re doing to, to do what we should be doing in the short term while preserving our position in our markets and certainly being ready to participate fully as things turn around up there. So I don’t – but at the same time, we’re performing better on margins, we’re certainly offsetting more than offsetting the impact of weldings having on the short term and that’s one of the values of portfolio of seven really strong businesses is we’re never probably going to have all seven going in the 100% in the right direction all at the same time. But we’re going to have enough of them around at the overall enterprise performance in whatever environment which is going to be pretty good darn good.
Steve Fisher: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question is from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask about the food equipment business and the 300 basis points of margin improvement and if there's a way of measuring how much of that was 80/20 enterprise initiatives and how much was volume related.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, the best detail and the most detail that we give you, was in the appendix and the press release. Since if you look at Food total margin expansion 300 basis points 110 of that was from operating leverage. Similar to what you saw in Q1 as these businesses begin to accelerate growth you see really nice improvement on the margin side as a result. And then in addition approximately 80 basis points of enterprise initiative and other margin expansion and then restructuring was slightly lower this year versus the second quarter last year. And so we break that out in the press release by segment and total ITW.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Got it, great. Okay. And just as a follow-up on the EF&C business, the doubling in margin - and it's been a while since you guys have done an acquisition like this. I wonder how much of this is new programs related to the business management system and if at all you're thinking this is sort of like a new - like a test case for future acquisitions?
Scott Santi: I wouldn’t characterize it as a test case. I think our track record even though it has been a while, I don’t think we’ve forgotten how to do this. We’ve been in many ways being doing this everything we’re going to do at the EF&C at all 84 of our other divisions over the last couple of years which is front to back we’re applying our 80/20 management system. So I think our methodology is inside the company is extremely well defined, extremely well proven. We have a fair all business running at mid-20’s EBIT margin and we’re adding this too. So I don’t think there is any sort of mystery of bag what we need to do and the process we’re going to use to make it happen.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: The last question in the queue is from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities. Your line is now open.
Eli Lustgarten: Thank you. Good morning. Most of the stuff has been answered. Just a clarification. You said restructuring is going to be about the same as planned before but you had 140 basis point impact on welding and 70 basis point in polymers and fluids. What kind of an impact from restructuring should we expect on margins in the second half of the year from the ongoing restructuring?
Scott Santi: Very similar to the first half. So the way we plan this is at a very measured pace and if you go back and we’ve got a restructuring spend on the quarterly basis it’s very consistent in that $16 million to $17 million range and so that takes us to 60 million to 70 million for the year. And obviously that is included in our guidance. So we’re not adding anything back here.
Eli Lustgarten: Okay. And secondly, I think you said the $2 billion share repurchase - $1.2 billion is coming from overseas?
Scott Santi: So, if you recall it in the back end of first quarter earlier this year, we were able to access a little over $1 billion, $1.2 billion of overseas funds that we’ve allocated to the share buyback program. And so that portion is done. And the comment was that the 800 million, the balance that takes us to $2 billion that’s really more of an – think of that as a more normal run rate for the company. And so that's our kind of our typical surplus cash flow that this year is being allocated to the share buyback program.
Eli Lustgarten: All right. Thank you very much.
Scott Santi: All right. I think that brings us to the top of the hour. Thank you everyone for your time today.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Hoffman - VP, IR Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman and CEO Michael Larsen - SVP and CFO
Analysts: John Inch - Deutsche Bank Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Raso - Evercore ISI Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Sean Williams - BB&T Capital Markets Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Securities Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Steven Fisher - UBS Securities
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now I will turn the meeting over to your host Aaron Hoffman. Sir, you may begin.
Aaron Hoffman: Thanks, Evan. Good morning and welcome to ITW’s first quarter 2016 conference call. Joining me this morning are our CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today’s call, we will discuss our first quarter 2016 financial results and update you on our 2016 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2016 second quarter and full-year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2015 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. While we use very few non-GAAP measures a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measure is contained in the press release. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Ernest Scott Santi: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning. Overall a pretty solid start to the year for ITW as we delivered solid near-term results and continue to make good progress in executing our strategy to position the company to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns. In the quarter we continued to deliver meaningful improvement on all of our key performance metrics. We grew EPS 7%, 10% excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, organic growth came in at the midpoint of our forecast and was up 1%, 2% excluding the impact of our PLS initiatives. We improved operating margin by 120 basis points to 22.1% and increased after tax return on invested capital by 180 basis points to 21.2%. Both our operating margin and our ROIC metrics were new all-time first quarter highs for the company. Free cash flow was also strong in the quarter at 90% of net income. Based on current demand trends and our strong operational and margin performance in the quarter we are raising our GAAP EPS guidance for 2016 by $0.05 at the midpoint. Before turning the call over Michael for more detail on our Q1 results I’d like to thank all of our ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and executing our strategy. Michael, over to you.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scoot and good morning, everybody. As you saw this morning ITW is off to a strong start in 2016 as the company delivered another solid quarter with excellent quality of earnings. GAAP EPS of $1.29 increased 7% versus prior year and exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.04. Driven by better operating margin as a result of strong operational execution on our enterprise initiatives. Organic revenue was up 1% and in line with our guidance as North America grew 2% and international declined 1%. As Scott mentioned, we established a number of new all-time highs for our first quarter. Operating margin of 22.1% improved 120 basis points with strategic sourcing, 80-20 practice excellence and business structure simplification all contributing in a very meaningful way. Given the strong margin performance in the quarter we now expect that operating margin will exceed 22.5% for the full year. Operating income of $722 million was also a first quarter record. The prior record of $705 million was pre-enterprise strategy in 2012 and was achieved with revenues that were about $1.3 billion higher in this quarter. After tax ROIC was solid, fee cash flow was strong and we repurchased shares for $500 million. Just a comment on our external financial reporting. As you know, at ITW, we work hard to keep our external reporting simple, consistent and transparent. We only report one EPS number and that is GAAP EPS. There are no adjusted EPS numbers. That said, let me just point out two items that are included in our first quarter GAAP EPS number of $1.29. First, foreign currency translation, which was right in line with our guidance assumption an unfavorable $0.04 year-over-year. Second, last year’s first quarter included a non-recurring gain on the sale of our business. As a result, in the first quarter of last year, other income was $21 million compared to $4 million this quarter. Excluding these two items, EPS would have increased 13%. We strongly believe that in the current economic environment and over the long-term our highly profitable and diversified portfolio is the core strength of the company. We are very well balanced in terms of our end-market and geographic exposures and well positioned to perform at a high level across a wide range of economic scenarios. Our consumer facing businesses makeup 60% of our revenues and include the automotive OEM and food equipment segments as well as portions of specialty products and construction. These businesses continue to deliver stable high quality growth. In the first quarter, our consumer facing businesses were up 3% versus prior year and up 1% sequentially. Our industrial facing businesses such as welding and test and measurement and electronics account for 40% of our revenues and as expected they declined year-over-year. As you can see these businesses were now 3%, but showed some improvement versus Q4 when they were down 6%. As you know the year-over-year comparisons continue to ease as we go through the year. 1% organic revenue growth in the quarter, 2% excluding our Product Line Simplification initiatives or PLS. By region, North America was up 2%, with our consumer-facing businesses up 5%. Solid growth continues in food equipment up 5%, automotive up 4% and construction products with renovation remodeling up 22%. Industrial facing businesses were down 3%, with welding down 7% and test and measurement and electronics down 1%. On the international side overall down 1%, with Europe up 1% and Asia-Pac down 2%. Our international consumer businesses grew 1% and industrial was down 4% primarily due to welding. At ITW we believe that operating margin is a key indicator of our business as competitive advantage and the efficiency with which they leverage it. It is in our view a compelling indicator of the strength and competitiveness of ITW and is a key performance metric for every ITW business. In the first quarter, operating margin improved 120 basis points to 22.1% and six of our seven segments improved. Construction products increased 440 basis points, specialty products 350 basis points, food equipment 190 basis points and automotive was up 140 basis points to mention a few. Approximately half of the decline in welding this quarter is related to restructuring and other non-operating items and the team continues to do a good job in a challenging environment as evidenced by their ability to sustain operating margins in the mid-20s despite a significant decline in revenue. You can also see the positive impact of volume leverage in the faster growing segments, which gives you a sense for what margins and overall profitability will look like as organic growth picks up. On the right side of the page, we listed the drivers of our operating margin improvement this quarter starting with 130 basis points from our self-help enterprise initiatives. Given the strong performance, and positive momentum, we are now expecting more than 100 basis points in the enterprise initiatives this year. Price cost came in as expected stable and favorable at 20 basis points. The unfavorable 50 basis points in the other line is primarily related to investments in growth and the overhead inflation. Overall, continued strong execution on enterprise initiatives and progress on delivering best-in-class margins consistently and sustainably. Before we get into the segment results, we listed the quarterly progression on operating margin expansion since the first quarter of 2013. 520 basis points at the enterprise level, as you can see Construction improved 930 basis points, 780 basis points in food equipment and more than 600 basis points in Automotive and Specialty Products, overall good progress with more to come. Turning to the segments, Automotive OEM had another strong quarter with organic revenue up 3% and 26.4% operating margin. While 3% organic growth is a little below what we’ve seen out of our Automotive OEM segment over the last several quarters, this segment had a very tough comp and Q1 revenue came in right what we planned it to be. In the first quarter of last year, the launch of several new programs in Europe resulted in revenue growth of 13% versus builds of 2%, which is what created tough comp for the business this year. Our long-term growth target for our Automotive OEM business remains 2 to 4 percentage points of above market growth annually and based on already sold programs and our new programs pipeline, we expect to meet or exceed that target both in 2016 and for at least the next several years beyond. In North America 4% organic growth compares to auto builds of up 5% and the Detroit 3 up 4%. China was up 6% in the quarter despite the fact the builds at Western OEMs were down slightly. As expected operating margin improved 140 basis points to 26.4% the highest in the company. The quick update on the acquisition of EF&C from ZF TRW that we announced last quarter. The acquisition remains on track and we expect the deal to close mid-year. As a reminder EF&C should be modestly accretive to EPS in the first 12 months with accelerating benefit from 2017 and beyond. Another strong quarter in Food Equipment up 3% organically with strength in North America up 5% despite a challenging comparison. North America equipment was up 5% with strength in refrigeration and cooking and the service was up 4%. International was up 1% with equipment up 3% and service flat. Continued strong margin performance as operating margin improved by 190 basis points to 24.5%. Test & Measurement and Electronics organic revenue down 2%, Test & Measurement down 3% and electronics slightly better at down 1%. Sequentially the segment was stable down 7% compared to typical seasonality of down 6%. Still a challenging external environment for our welding business and organic growth declined 9%. The 9% year-over-year decline breaks down as 5 points from oil and gas, 3 points from industrial and 1 point from commercial. North America was down 7% with equipment down 10% and consumables down 1%. International was down 15% primarily due to oil and gas. We saw some slowing sequentially with demand trends down 3% compared to the typical 3% increase and the team continues to take appropriate action on the cost side. As I mentioned earlier approximately half of the operating margin declined in welding this quarter is related to restructuring and other non-operating items. Polymers & Fluids achieved positive organic revenue growth of 1%; North America and international were both up 1% and Automotive aftermarket improved 2%. Strong quarter in Construction Products as organic revenue increased 5% with North America up 11%. Renovation remodeling was up 22%, commercial was up 8% and residential was up 2%. Asia Pacific was up 2% and Europe flat, very strong progress on operating margin up 440 basis points to 21%. Solid quarter in Specialty Products with organic revenue up 3% with strength in our consumer packaging businesses, North America was up 5% and international was flat and very strong progress on operating margin with an increase of 350 basis points to 26.1%. So for the year based on our margin performance in the first quarter, we are raising of full-year EPS guidance by $0.05 to a new range of $5.40 to $5.60, the $5.50 midpoint is 7% earnings growth. Our organic revenue growth expectation of 1% to 3% is unchanged and in line with current run rates. We’re forecasting that enterprise initiatives will deliver more than 100 basis points of margin improvement and that full year operating margin will exceed 22.5%. We still expect free cash flow conversion to exceed 100% and we are targeting $2 billion in share repurchases. For the second quarter our GAAP EPS guidance is $1.34 to $1.44, up 7% at the $1.39 midpoint. That puts 49% of our full year EPS forecast into first half of the year which is consistent with prior years. And with that, let me turn the call back to Aaron.
Aaron Hoffman: Great. Thanks, Michael. We will now open the call to your question. Please be brief so to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question and please remember one question and one follow-up question.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
John Inch: Thank you. Where am I from, alright? First I want to thank you by the way for the GAAP presentation of earnings and frankly for doing a call and not a selective disclosure podcast. So much appreciated. Can we and don’t answer that, can we just talk about currency Michael? I know you said it was in line with expectations. It was a little bit more of a drag. Just based on where we were marking currencies that we thought would happen in the quarter. So was there I realized got a lot of exposure to Australian dollar and I don’t know, just with the pound and so forth, maybe could you talk about just give us a little more color in terms of the currency fluctuation and where you’ve marked this for the rest of the year and how you expect that to progress in terms of driver your contribution?
Michael Larsen: Right, John. So you are headed down the right path here. So you have to look beyond just the euro and if you look at the changes in pound, Canadian and Australian dollar that’s when you get to the 3% translation impact here in the first quarter on the top-line and $0.04 of EPS headwind, which was right in lined with the assumption we had in our guidance. For the rest of the year that translation impact will at current rates as we sit here today will be lower and maybe if you headed down the path of EPS impact for the balance of the year, it is correct, but based on current rates as we sit here today not just looking at the euro, but at the other currency that we mentioned. If currency stays exactly where it is, things could turn out a little bit better. But as you know there is a lot of volatility in currency. So we have not included that in the numbers we gave you today.
John Inch: Okay. But you did beat the midpoint of your guide by almost $0.05 and...
Michael Larsen: Yes and that is entirely driven by operating margins.
John Inch: Right. No I see....
Michael Larsen: So the....
John Inch: No, it's right. I see that. But at current rates how much of a tailwind we have in currency today versus what we had when you first marked rates giving the first quarter in your head guidance, isn’t it like $0.05 or something?
Michael Larsen: I just say this, it’s a little bit better than what we had assumed and that’s as we sit here today. Let’s see where rates go from here. Like I said it could be a little bit better based on rates as they are today.
John Inch: Okay. So my follow-up, I want to ask you and Scott. What do you think of the or what do you make of the ISM it saw that everyone seems to look at and if you look at the new orders component. I mean it sort of telling you that a big recovery is on the comp. Now last year was flashing green and manufacturing was going the other way. So I think I’m just trying to get your sense, you are a real time company short cycle you are in the economy, do you think that the ISM is reflecting perhaps some seasonal improvement, some sentiment improvement only perhaps a little bit of systematic inventory restock or are you just seeing a complete disconnect? I just want again focus on North America please and how do you based in your years of experience, how do you interpret the ISM and why frankly wouldn’t you be even more positive on your outlook?
Ernest Scott Santi: We’ve never from our particular lens we’ve never viewed the ISM number as having a terrific correlation to conditions we’re seeing on the ground, certainly not way off, but I think from the standpoint of either leading or lagging, it’s not been particularly reflective of the conditions that we’re seeing, what I will tell is, my take on the quarter is that we saw a pretty solid demands throughout. So I think things are relatively firm for right now, the one exception to that is obviously welding, we’re hopefully, we’re getting to close a bottom, but I can’t say that we’re seeing anything that tells us that, but beyond that the overall demand profile inside the company was pretty solid as we move through the quarter. So no big movement and certainly not any weakening as we move through the quarter.
John Inch: Well, Scott every month has its own seasonal characteristics and we had this weather compares, especially in the Midwest, it's [indiscernible] because I realize, it’s complicated, but if you try and adjust for all that do you think that underlying demand is picking up for your businesses or is it still not clear? Like if you look at things of how the quarter progressed and then into April.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. I’d say it’s been pretty firm. I think it’s a little early in a quarter to call with one quarters worth of data, but I think again in the aggregate things were pretty solid through the quarter, look at our consumer facing businesses where the overall demand rates have been pretty solid going back, you know, four or five quarters now, I think we’re feeling good about where we sit in the kind of the overall demand picture that we saw in the first quarter. That being said it’s still a pretty choppy environment out there, but there was no new worry beats based on our first quarter performance that we saw across the company.
John Inch: Okay. So basically signs are very stable, but no sort of obvious inflections of sequential improvement on the comp right again adjusting for seasonality.
Ernest Scott Santi: No.
John Inch: Okay, good enough. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ernest Scott Santi: Good morning.
Joseph Ritchie: So I guess, my first question is on Auto, again first, solid quarter, but clearly you guys had a really, really tough comp, especially if you look on a two year stack. Is the expectations that growth starts to improve beyond the first quarter on your auto business just based on what you know on production schedules and where in the platforms that you are on?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So I think, you know, we talked about a tough comp in the first quarter due to the new programs launched in Europe and if you recall Europe last year was up 11% on builds of 1. So that comp will be with us for the year, but in terms of the year-over-year organic growth rate, as we sit here today looking at the typical seasonality Q1 is the low-point for the year and the organic growth rate on a year-over-year basis will improve as we go through the year.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay, great. Thanks Michael. And maybe my following question moving onto Welding so clearly the part of your portfolio there has been a little bit more challenge, you guys mentioned half of the margin performance this quarter was related to restructuring action, does that start to tail-off as we progress through the year or how were you thinking about that business? I guess clearly on the face of it when you take a look at the detrimental, detrimental margins in the first quarter are pretty high, just trying to get a sense for how that business will project for the rest of the year?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So we had as you said about half of the impact in the first quarter here the margin decline down 9%, which is a pretty significant organic, about half of that was restructuring related. We expect a similar impact here in Q2 and then improvement in the second half of the year on the margin side. And obviously, the comparisons get significantly easier in the back half of the year. So last year in the first quarter Welding was down 3%, which sounds like an easy comp, but actually it’s not when you look how the rest of 2015 unfolded. So the comps will get better as we go through this year based on current sequential trends that we look at we’ll see flat to positive in the back half and the margins will improve also in the back half we have another slug of restructuring to get through in the second quarter. And then for now hopefully the worst is behind us.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on John’s question. Hello can you hear me?
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah we can hear you.
Nigel Coe: So there is some chatter that the March was a bit weaker than Jan and February for industrial markets. Did you see that, doesn’t sound like you did given your comments?
Ernest Scott Santi: We did not.
Nigel Coe: Okay, good. Moving on to construction and construction was the stand out this quarter with 5% and 11% North America. And I’m wondering is there any way to trying to understand how of this is weather driven, I’m assuming the construction activity did benefit from weather and how much has been pulled forward from maybe 2Q into Q1? And maybe just characterize that by talking about how you exit the quarter on Construction Products was it pretty steady as well?
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, to answer to your question is there is really no way to factor weather in in terms of how it might have impacted our results relative to whatever you might call it normalized year. So which is a big reason why we usually don’t bite on any single quarter trends in construction as predictive or indicative of overall demand. I think what I would say is we certainly exited the quarter in pretty good shape there. And so I think we are not seeing anything slow down or ease up and we’ll hope it continues through the balance of the year for sure.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-on on the construction, Europe is flat and we’ve seen some signs of maybe green shoots in construction activity in Europe. But I know that UK is an important end market. So I’m wondering can you maybe just talk about leasing in Europe as the UK starting to slow down for Europe and I see in some green shoots in Continental Europe?
Ernest Scott Santi: No, we are not seeing anything slowdown. We are a bit of lager in terms of when our products are actually going on to the job it’s well after the start phase. So I think in terms of color the overall sort of macro view over there from the standpoint construction is things are heading in the right direction.
Nigel Coe: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Ernest Scott Santi: Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: You’re more than - you are four years into Enterprise Strategy and Q1 ‘16 appears to be your best quarter really in the last four years in terms of margin contribution from the Enterprise Strategy. So what surprising is that we would think that given tougher comparisons and given you are now obviously more than half way done with your initiatives, you are hitting this kind of performance. Can you give us a little more color as to what’s going on? Is it just that your team is now better at implementing your initiatives are they nearly in the program or is that you are tackling more complicated areas of your business such as European Construction or Specific Products that you actually find it easier to improve efficiency?
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, what I would probably say is that we are these were not a series of initiatives that we are all implemented simultaneously. So we are basically sequencing through. If you look at the progression that we laid out and we talked about this as early on that we were heavily focused on the portfolio, business structure simplification, sourcing we said all long had a ramp, if you remember that it was now famously known as the heat map from our first presentation. And then we had an initiative that was related to what we call business model excellence, which we’re applying the ITW business model to be scaled up much more focused businesses and so what we are seeing today is much more now of an impact from sourcing the layer stage stuff. So it wasn’t necessarily in all at once sort of level of execution across all those initiatives they were very intentionally laid out in the sequence because we had to get certain things done that will allow us to get to the next phase things. So some of the improvement that we are seeing and is just now sourcing and business model excellence starting to take over from BSS and the portfolio work that we did. And the other thing that I would say is you are starting to see some impact from incremental contribution from organic growth as we starting to make the pivot to growth. And Michael showed you a chart earlier, but if you look at that where we had the best margin performance in the quarter was in this the parts of the company that were generating most organic growth. So the elevated level of profitability and the incremental profit we generate and every dollar of organic is now starting to contribute as we move into this next phase of our strategy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it, Scott. So let me ask you about the pivot to growth that you’ve talked before about 85% of your businesses is being ready to grow by the end of ‘16 from 60% I guess in the last year. So how many more businesses or even should we be thinking like this that you convert in 1Q as ready to grow. And when you do convert these are you seeing the growth progression of businesses that you expect. And you still have percentage point headwind on growth from PLS in the quarter I think you’ve thought about 90 bps for the year. How does that progression work out, does it start falling does the headwind start falling significantly just at the very end of the year or does it start falling now?
Ernest Scott Santi: Well to start with the last part first. The portfolio work that we’re doing at the product line level at some point is going to dissipate. I think we are - frankly we’re there is still a fair amount of that to do heading into ‘16. We won’t know what that looks like for ‘17 fully until we get into the planning cycle, but I would say we’re certainly moving in the direction of getting to the tailwind of that. And it will not be some ongoing maintenance that we do, but it will not be something we’ll talk about anymore. Won’t have a significant impact at some point. But it is a process that takes some time to work through. We have to move customers from product A to product B it’s not something that we can just - we just start selling something. So it does take some work and there is a process attached to it. But I would expect that number in ‘17 will be lower than it was in ‘16. And certainly by the end of the ‘17 it should be a non-factor. On the first part of your question we are sort of executing the plan that we laid out. We are - I can’t give you a number for how many crossed the transition line from preparing to grow to ready to grow in the first quarter, but we’ve got a lot of planning around hitting that 85% level by year end. And at that point those businesses start to change their focus to grow as I would certainly note that it’s not necessarily something where we look for an immediate ramp. But ultimately what it means is there is significant part of their organizational energy and effort 75% plus start to go into focusing on fully leveraging their organic growth potential. And from that we certainly expect a change in growth rate velocity inside those businesses. And we’ve already shown that in places like Food Equipment and Automotive that have been that furthest ones down the path.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Thank you. I know you maintained your organic sales growth guidance in total as well as total company sales, but maybe I missed it but did you change your outlook at all within the business segments? Any particular end markets be it global auto builds, construction starts I mean any color you can give us on changes within that keeping the total?
Michael Larsen: No David, we didn’t change anything by segment. So when we look at our internal planning like we said Automotive and as well as the other segments we’re right on track in Q1. And so we haven’t changed anything in terms of our outlook for the year by segments.
David Raso: And then given the auto acquisition is still hopefully you are going to be closed to relatively soon. But the M&A front, obviously was not bigger deal. I assume you’re still out looking at other things. Can you give us an update on how we should think about M&A as we move further into the year into next year?
Michael Larsen: Yeah we are still focused on working the plan which is not - M&A is not a big priority. We have what we think is a terrific opportunity that we brought in, in this auto business. And we’re focused on getting that one closed. There is and we’ve talked about where these - where acquisitions fitting our strategy. This is we’re going to - we'll look at things that we think can further support to reinforce the organic growth strategies of our seven segments. And there is probably two or three little bolt-on floating around at any given time. But not a big priority, our big priority is continuing to move down the path of executing these initiatives internally. Getting ourselves very focused then on fully leveraging the organic growth potential for other reasons I talked about earlier. With the incremental profitability from every dollar of organic revenue growth is by far the most accretive thing we can do.
David Raso: Okay. And lastly I apologize if I missed it, but the share repo for the quarter what was...
Michael Larsen: $500 million in line with the planning that we lead out. So think of the $2 billion as $500 million for a quarter is the way we’ve planned it out.
David Raso: That’s helpful. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray from RBC. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray: I was hoping you’d give us update on price cost in the quarter and then the outlook given some of the changes for some of the raws like steel for the balance of the year?
Michael Larsen: Yeah Deane so price cost like I said was 20 basis points for the quarter right in line with our planning assumptions, right in line with what we saw last year and that remains our assumption for the rest of the year nothing unusual again this quarter by segment everything is on track. So that’s the color I can give you.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just to go back on the comment at the beginning regarding the emphasis on GAAP earnings and I think I certainly applaud that I know from a quality of earnings standpoint that gets recognized. And so I was interested in hearing that you’re doing somewhat we would call quite restructuring in Welding and you’ve sized that for us what’s the payback that you’re expecting on that and is there any other quite restructuring going on elsewhere in the segments?
Michael Larsen: The payback is on this project is typically less than the year this one is actually quite a bit better than that it’s primarily focused on North America. And we do disclose the last page in the press release lays out restructuring by segment and you can see the most significant one is Welding this quarter like I said there’ll be another series of restructuring here in Welding in Q2 and that we’ll kind of update you as we go through the year.
Deane Dray: And how much of that is cash?
Michael Larsen: So it’s actually all cash, but not significant I mean you look at how much cash we generate this does not don’t think if it is having an impact on our capital allocation strategy.
Deane Dray: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is now open.
Mig Dobre: Great, thank you. Good morning. Maybe a clarification for me if you would, looking at slide number five where you’re talking about your consumer and industrial businesses on a sequential basis so my understanding is that the sequential number that you’re providing are adjusted for seasonality for the footnote on the page. I’m looking at industrial businesses being down 5%, I think last quarter they were up 4% sequentially. So I’m trying to sort of understand exactly what’s going on in these industrial businesses? And in Welding specifically because that appears to be the driver here. Are things getting incrementally worse in Welding or was this simply that we had some sort of a pull forward of demand last quarter?
Michael Larsen: No I wouldn’t say there was any pull forward in demand I mean the reason for the sequential decline is essentially all Welding. Typically in Q1 versus Q4 like we said we would expect our Welding business to be up 3%, I mean it was actually down 3%. Test & Measurement which is the other segment in here was essentially stable from Q4 to Q1. So it’s all Welding driven mix.
Mig Dobre: Right. And I guess the spirit of my question was there is a sense out there maybe things are stabilizing in some of these end markets that have been really challenged in 2015 and in Welding you’ve got exposure in a lot of them what’s your read through based on the way your business is progressing?
Michael Larsen: I think as Scott said earlier I think other than welding everything is stable and feels pretty firm as we start the year. In Welding we continue to see the impact on energy oil and gas which accounts for the decline on the international side, general fabrication is still challenged especially going into mining, agriculture heavy equipment. So the demand environment in terms of capital equipment going into the industrial economy we would describe as still sluggish and as Scott said we’ve not seen any sign yet of improvement at this point.
Mig Dobre: Okay. And then maybe…
Michael Larsen: Go ahead.
Mig Dobre: The last thing is when you’re talking about volumes maybe being stable to slightly up in Welding in the back half I’m trying to understand how you think about this business sequentially, seasonally?
Michael Larsen: Yeah Mig that’s purely a comparison current run rate. So at current run rates if you run those out and you look at on a year-over-year basis that’s when you get 9% decline organic in Q1. You’ll get us another decline in Q2 and then stable to up in the second half, flat to up in the back half of the year at current run-rate. That can obviously change, but at current run rates given the comparisons year-over-year that’s what we would expect to see.
Mig Dobre: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Alright, thank you very much. I just wondered if we can dig a little bit more into the food business. And can you give us any color on the different end markets and what some of the drivers in the improvement were and what the outlook is going to the next couple of quarters?
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah so Joe we feel very good about the first quarter, particularly if you look at North America up 5% and the equipment side up 4% service. From a product line standpoint, refrigeration and cooking are the big drivers this quarter. And then by end market it’s really healthcare and lodging continue to be solid for us. But really across the board, we feel very good about the outlook for the year. We have a number of new products coming in here in Q2. And so we’d expect that business to be up similar to last year in the 3% to 4% range as we talked about in the last call.
Joel Tiss: Okay. Can we do the same thing for polymers and fluids? There are so many different end markets and different pieces. Can you just give us a little deeper color there too? Thank you.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah what I would offer on polymers and fluids is it’s a basically an MRO business. Two thirds of it the third is the automotive aftermarket piece, the automotive aftermarket side of it they had a pretty solid quarter up 2%. I think largely how I would characterize the overall growth performance on the quarter is they’ve gotten to the end of a pretty extensive PLS process and are starting to now - the product line is much more stable than it’s been over the last eight quarters and they’re starting to now turn their attention more to growth. And so very pleased to see positive overall organic out of that segment in the quarter.
Joel Tiss: Alright, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Andy Casey: Thanks, good morning. Kind of a detail question to start the 50 basis point drag in components on margin that you call out on slide seven. Your mentioned the overhead inflation could you provide a little bit more detail on what’s driving that inflation?
Michael Larsen: Salary increases.
Andy Casey: Good for you guys. Then on the follow-up, if we look at some of the macro data the inventory to sales ratios are relatively high in the U.S. in some areas, have you guys seen any change in customer inventory actions meaning destock restock or is it just pretty consistent based on your commentary about overall trends outside of Welding?
Michael Larsen:  I’d say very consistent. And you’re seeing little bit of seasonality in Q1, but if you look at the first quarter relative to the first quarter last year, really solid working capital performance and nothing unusual. And just look at the free cash flow number 90% the average is about last few years has been 65%. So really strong cash flow performance again in the first quarter and keep in mind that we typically ramp up from here. So from a conversion standpoint this is typically our lowest quarter and then we will go up sequentially as we go through the year just typical seasonality. So nothing unusual in terms of working capital, continued strong performance.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Steve Volkmann: Hi, good morning. Scott I think you mentioned that the best return that you could come up with I am paraphrasing here was basically incremental margin on organic growth. And I’m wondering if you’ve changed the way that you’re thinking about that and it seems like in 2017 maybe we’ll get a little less PLS headwind. And maybe we get a little organic growth if we were to have a couple of points of organic growth in ‘17, my number is not yours, but what - how do you think about incrementals against that backdrop?
Ernest Scott Santi: Well. What I said was that the incremental profit from every dollar of incremental - dollar of organic revenue was the highest value opportunity that we had and really what we were focused on leveraging towards full potential not the percentage. And we’ve talked about incremental margin, so our target is roughly 35% going forward in terms of conversion to the bottom line from every incremental dollar of organic growth, that will vary up or down a little bit depending on the segment and if anything I would expect we would comfortably do that or be even a little bit better given the elevated levels of profitability that we’re now operating at.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, great. That’s exactly what I was looking for. And then just on Test & Measurement and Electronics, the absolute levels margin there is still not quite in line with some of your others and I know there is a fair amount of acquisition related intangibles et cetera, but is that kind of an okay level in your mind for that business, is that just kind of what that business can do or is there some sort of bigger picture thing that you can do to get that sort of more into the mid-20s?
Michael Larsen: So what I would say is 15.5% operating margin includes as you point out the 420 basis points of non-cash amortization expense, so you add that back, it’s about 20 it’s still on the lower end inside of ITW, we expect all of our businesses continue to improve margins some will as you saw more than others and I would probably put Test & Measurement in that category of more margin potential than some of the other segments. So we expect that segment to continue to improve on the margin side including in 2016 as…
Ernest Scott Santi: These amortization charges also bleed off over time.
Michael Larsen: Amortization charges, as well as the Enterprise Initiatives, exactly.
Steve Volkmann: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sean Williams from BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Sean Williams: Hi, good morning.
Michael Larsen: Good morning.
Sean Williams: Wonder, if we just maybe go back to Food Equipment, certainly the margin improvements within that segment has been tremendous over last several years; I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about kind of where we’d go from here? I mean, obviously the - I’d expect maybe further improvement in the back half of the year just kind of seasonal speaking, but I don’t know can just talk about what are the kind of the big opportunities for Food Equipment given that, you’re already kind of approaching best-in-class margins there?
Ernest Scott Santi: Like I said, I mean, we expect all of our segments to improve including Food Equipment, certainly good progress, but also more to come. And I think, we’ll give you - if you look at the schedule and the back of the press release you can see the various components. And so the margin expansion now is half is operating leverage and the other half approximately is the Enterprise Initiatives and within Food Equipments specifically, yes. So we’d expect that business to continue to improve.
Sean Williams: Alright, that’s helpful. And then, could we just maybe come back and maybe your thoughts on kind of some of the overseas markets. Could you just maybe talk generally kind of industrial versus consumer facing for Asia Pacific I know that that look like sequentially it was down I know that was a tough comp, but just where you’re seeing in Asia Pacific and then any green sheets in Europe as well?
Michael Larsen: So I wouldn’t - we’re not going parse it much more than what we did in the prepared remarks and what you can see on page six. And the outlook for the rest of the year in the Asia Pacific is growth rates very similar to what we saw here in the Q1 certainly encouraged by China Automotive of 6%, as well as continued progress on the - in Construction Products, which as may know is primarily Australia based. So that’s how we would describe that.
Sean Williams: And then any thoughts on Europe?
Michael Larsen: Europe, I think for the year we expect very similar again to Q1. So up in the very low single-digits based on current run rates.
Sean Williams: Alright. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Just two quick clarifications, one, I think within auto you talked about in your prepared remarks being able to grow I think 2 to 4 points better than whatever the market is doing. Just in terms of the clarification does that include the auto acquisition or is that exclusive of the auto acquisition? And then last just another question on the guide, I’m sort of struggling with how you don’t get to the mid or high end given the first quarter, given FX, given commentary industrialist very stable outside of Welding I mean what... I’m just trying to figure out what you did in your repo is what price cost be the biggest risk? I’m just trying to get a sense of what you’re most concerned about? Thanks.
Ernest Scott Santi: On the first question that growth target we talked about is it does not include the acquisition, that’s core organic and that’s our expectation both for ‘16 and our longer term growth target for the auto OEM segment. With respect to the balance of the year Michael talked about it before. The currency is there is no win in trying to forecast where currency goes. So we’ve always sort of use current run rates on currency. We use obviously at the quarterly levels they move around. So there is - we are not going to forward forecast where currency is going to be, Michael’s comment was that if everything stayed exactly where it was - two comments that I’ll repeat. One is that we are impacted by more than just the euro, Aussie dollar, Canadian dollar, also reasonably material factors, as is the pound. And then the other part of that is if everything stay exactly where it is and I don’t know if you marking the market today Michael but around right now that there is probably a few pennies of upside is on the full year basis. Who knows if that will happen and may go the other…
Jamie Cook: I just wanted to get a sense more on the end market side, because again consumer is pretty good outside of Welding industrial is pretty stable. And I’m just more on an end market or geography where you are most concerned.
Ernest Scott Santi: I think generally speaking we are feeling like the first quarter was pretty solid, pretty firm. We have talked about this before, we are basically taking current run rates and projecting those through the year. And that’s how we derive our growth and earnings forecast for the year. So if things stay where they are today we’re in pretty solid shape.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning. One of my questions has been answered. But maybe taking Jaime’s question and asking it a slightly different way. What would have to happen for you to come in at the low end of your Q2 guidance and then the high end of your Q2 guidance? What are you contemplating in those ranges?
Ernest Scott Santi: The drivers would be of variance from current run rates either better or worse than what we see today. So that would be the primary driver. I think on the things that are within our own control in terms of the so called self-help Enterprise Initiatives, we feel very good about continuing to execute the way we have for the last since we embarked on the enterprise strategy. So I think those are on the margin side very solid.
Michael Larsen: The delta is the demand side.
Ernest Scott Santi: Right.
Ann Duignan: But within which segments, when you are putting your plan together where do you think the down side risk is, where do you think the up side risk is?
Ernest Scott Santi: I think here is what I’d say, I would say one of the real strengths of the company and we talked about this is really well balanced, diversified, high quality portfolio of businesses. And so if certain things are better than run rates in one part of the company it will offset in other pre-existing. And so I wouldn’t - I can’t go down the path by segment how we think about this.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And maybe as a follow-up and within welding it does seem to be the one segment where maybe you are not as upbeat about where things are, can you just talk about - a little bit about the difference we are seeing in oil and gas at this point versus you did talk about fabrication for mining and heavy equipment, have any of those end-markets gotten incrementally worse or is it just they’re bad and they aren’t getting any better?
Ernest Scott Santi: I think like we said earlier I mean Welding did decelerate in Q1 versus Q4. And when you look at the year-over-year decline, the more than half of that organic decline is oil and gas. So that is the main driver and it like we said earlier, we haven’t seen any signs that things are getting better there yet.
Ann Duignan: And on the industrial side?
Ernest Scott Santi: Those are fairly stable. The decline is primarily on the oil and gas side. So…
Ann Duignan: Okay, thank you. I leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Great, thanks. Good morning. I just want to come back to the price cost that Deane was asking about before, because the cost have risen as the core has gone along. So maybe how are the pricing discussions going at the start of Q2? Are those adjusting kind of in real time to more than offset the higher input cost, how do you keep that price cost stable?
Michael Larsen: Well I mean I am not sure how to answer that, other than what I said earlier in my prepared remarks and the response to Deane’s question. Price cost was favorable 20 points no change. And we expect it to remain at 20 basis points as we go through the year. And if that changes we’ll let you know over the next earnings call. But we don’t expect it to.
Steven Fisher: And so basically it sounds like you’re able to raise prices to offset the costs as it increased.
Michael Larsen: If you look at our historical performance and what I just said, that would be the conclusion, yes.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just summarize this, I know it’s been discussed before, but does your base case assume that the industrial facing businesses exist the year neutral or positive or there will it still be declining?
Ernest Scott Santi: Well the base case is take the order rates where you’re getting today on a daily basis and project them through the end of the year. The comps get easier as Michael said, but we are projecting no acceleration or further deceleration from here. And we’ve talked about that before we are a fast reactor we’re not a predictor on the future. So embedded in both our organic numbers and our EPS forecast is an assumption that demand stays exactly where it is today across all seven segments projected out through the rest of the year.
Steven Fisher: So will the comps get you to neutral in industrial facing by exiting the year then?
Ernest Scott Santi: It may be close.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you.
Ernest Scott Santi: Great. And that takes us to the top of the hour. We appreciate everybody’s time this morning and have an outstanding day.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And that concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph Alfred Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Questions will be taken at the end of the presentation. Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And now I will hand the call over to Aaron Hoffman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Hoffman, you may begin.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Anna, and good morning and welcome to ITW's fourth quarter 2015 conference call. Joining me this morning are our CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 financial results, update you on our 2016 earnings forecast and discuss the acquisition that we announced on Monday. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2016 first quarter and full-year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2014 Form 10-K and third quarter 2015 Form 10-Q for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning. Overall, we were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and for the full-year as we continued to execute on our Enterprise Strategy and deliver strong results in a challenging but stable environment. In 2015, ITW grew earnings per share 10%, expanded operating margins by 150 basis points to a record of 21.4% and improved after-tax return on invested capital by 140 basis points to a record 20.4%. Free cash flow was strong in 2015 at a 106% of net income, and we invested roughly $560 million in our businesses for growth and productivity. In addition, we returned more than $2.7 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In 2015, we continued to make significant progress on the execution of our Enterprise Strategy as evidenced by more than 100 basis points of margin improvement from our self-help enterprise initiatives. As a reminder, we expect an additional incremental 100 basis points of margin expansion from our Business Structure Simplification, Sourcing, and 80/20 Excellence initiatives in each of 2016 and 2017. In 2015, we also began our pivot to focus on our organic growth agenda, and we made meaningful progress with 60% of the company's revenues achieving ready-to-grow status and 45% growing at 6% in 2015. We continue to execute the various elements of our Enterprise Strategy in a well-planned and logical sequence as we position ITW to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and we remain firmly on track to deliver on our end of 2017 enterprise performance goals. I'd like to close by thanking all of our ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and in executing our strategy. I'll now turn the call over to Michael, and then, I'll be back to discuss the acquisition that we announced earlier this week. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everybody. As you saw this morning, ITW delivered another strong quarter. EPS of $1.23 increased 4% versus prior year, 11% excluding currency. Our results were driven by strong execution across the board as operating margin improved 110 basis points to 20.7% and our self-help enterprise initiatives contributed 110 basis points of improvement. Organic revenue was modestly better than our guidance with some credit challenging comparisons in a few segments. While demand for capital equipment remains sluggish, underlying demand trends were stable across our business portfolio. Adjusted for seasonality, demand in our industrial businesses improved 4% sequentially in Q4 versus Q3. Free cash flow was very strong at 140% of net income, and, as you can see, we made meaningful progress on our return on invested capital metrics. In summary, stable demand across our business portfolio and solid execution drove strong Q4 performance. Turning to revenue by geography on page five, let me just remind you that the organic revenue number includes a one percentage point impact from Product Line Simplification as organic revenue declined 0.6% with some fairly challenging comparisons in the prior year. By geography, North America was down 1.6% with our consumer facing businesses up 2% and the industrial businesses down 5.6%. International was positive, up 0.6% with Europe, Middle East and Africa up 1.9%. Our consumer businesses grew 4.6% with strength in Automotive OEM up 10% in Europe and Food Equipment. Asia Pacific and China were essentially flat, and it's worth pointing out that China automotive was up 14% in the fourth quarter. So overall, stable end-market conditions across the portfolio and slightly better-than-expected organic revenue performance in the quarter against a fairly challenging comparison. On page six, strong operating margin performance once again in the quarter. Operating margin of 20.7%, improved 110 basis points, and four segments improved between 220 basis points and 420 basis points, driven primarily by our self-help enterprise initiatives and lower restructuring. Pricing was solid in the quarter. Price/cost was favorable, 30 basis points. So strong progress on operating margin, and as Scott said, we're on track to realize additional incremental margin improvement as we go forward. On page seven, we listed full-year 2015 operating margin by segment, and you can see the strong progress since the launch of the Enterprise Strategy. Turning to the segments, starting with Automotive OEM, another strong quarter. Organic revenue up 5% and up 6% for the year, outpacing worldwide builds of 1%. Europe was up 10% organically in the quarter and up 11% for the year. North America was up 4% and China was up 14% in the quarter and up 8% for the year. Consistent with global industry growth rates, our 2016 guidance assumes a 1% increase in global auto builds versus 2015. Solid quarter in Test & Measurement/Electronics as margin improved 300 basis points to a new fourth quarter record of 18.1%. Demand trends in this segment improved in the quarter. Sequentially, from Q3 to Q4, revenues were up 6%, up 2% adjusted for typical seasonality. Also another solid quarter in Food Equipment, up 2% organically, facing some challenging comparisons from last year. You may recall that Equipment was up 6% worldwide in Q4 last year. Operating margin improved 220 basis points to a new fourth quarter record of 23.9%. North America service was up 4% and underlying equipment demand remained solid, particularly in bakery, healthcare and lodging. International equipment was up 4% on continued strong demand in warewash, cooking, and refrigeration. Polymers & Fluids was down 3% due to soft demand related to industrial MRO, with North America down 4%, partially offset by Asia Pacific up 9%. Operating margin expanded by 70 basis points to 18.2%. Welding was down 11% organically in a tough environment and against some challenging comparisons. You may recall that in the fourth quarter last year North America was up 10% and oil and gas was up 20%. The 11% year-over-year decline breaks down as 6 points from oil and gas, 3 points from industrial and 2 points from commercial. North America overall was down 8%, with consumables essentially flat. International, as you can see, was down 20% due to oil and gas, primarily in onshore pipeline and offshore. But as we've talked about on the last earnings calls, the year-over-year numbers can be somewhat misleading in terms of understanding the underlying trends. On a seasonally adjusted basis, the underlying demand trends have actually been fairly stable since the first quarter of 2015. On a seasonally adjusted sequential basis, we saw a significant step-down in demand in Q1 last year followed by slight declines in Q2 and Q3, and then, in this fourth quarter, demand actually improved 2% sequentially from Q3. Consistent with current demand levels, our 2016 guidance assumes a single-digit decline in the Welding segment. On slide 10, Construction Products had another strong quarter on the top line and bottom line. Organic revenue was up 3% and margin was up 420 basis points. North America was up 2% with high-single-digit growth in the renovation and remodel channel. Residential was essentially flat, and commercial was down slightly. Asia Pacific was strong, up 7% due to Australia. In Specialty Products, organic revenue was flat, with solid growth in consumer packaging, offset by the impact of Product Line Simplification. Operating margin improved by 400 basis points, 23%. Turning to slide 11, as you know, one of the core strengths of ITW is our diversified portfolio, and in the current environment, the fact that about 60% of our revenues are consumer facing. As you can see, in a tough environment, our consumer businesses, Automotive OEM, Food Equipment, portions of Specialty Products and Construction, are growing at an organic rate of 3% in the fourth quarter and for the full-year, and the seasonally adjusted sequential trends are stable. Our industrial businesses, Welding, Test & Measurement and Electronics, were down 6% in the quarter, and down 5% for the year. However, if you look at the seasonally adjusted sequential trend from Q3 to Q4 revenues are up 4%. In simple terms, based on typical seasonality, you would expect these businesses to be down 2% sequentially, but they were actually up 2%. It may be too early to call this a trend, but certainly, an encouraging data point as we look ahead. Quickly on 2015, you can see that we continue to make significant progress on all of our financial performance metrics. EPS growth, operating margin improvement, return on capital, and free cash flow all reflect the strength of ITW's differentiated business model and our strong execution in a tough environment. Going back a little bit further to the launch of the Enterprise Strategy on slide 13, the same holds true. More than 500 basis points improvement in margin and returns, 17% EPS CAGR, and solid progress in our pivot to growth. As Scott said, 60% of the company's revenues achieved ready-to-grow status, and 45% grew at 6% in 2015. We fully expect that 85% of the company's revenues will be in ready-to-grow status by the end of 2016. In summary, over the last three years, really good progress, and we've done everything we said we would do. And we're on track to achieve our 2017 performance goals. On slide 14, we are reaffirming the guidance as discussed in New York on December 4. Our organic revenue growth expectation of 1% to 3% is in line with Q4 demand levels, and includes 90 basis points of Product Line Simplification impact (12:55). In 2016, we expect 100 basis points or more of margin improvement from our self-help enterprise initiatives, independent of volume, and operating margin is projected to be a new record of approximately 22.5%, earnings per share in the range of $5.35 to $5.55, and 6% growth at the midpoint, and 10% growth excluding currency. Turning to the first quarter, our EPS guidance is $1.20 to $1.30, and the midpoint of $1.25 represents 23% of our full-year earnings right in line with historical patterns. Again, we expect 100 basis points from our self-help enterprise initiatives, and based on current levels of demand, we expect organic revenue growth to be flat to up 2%. Finally, a quick update on capital allocation, given the two recent developments, and then, I'll hand it over to Scott. Earlier this week, we announced the acquisition of the Engineered Fasteners & Components business from ZF TRW for $450 million. From a capital allocation standpoint, approximately, 70% of the purchase price will be funded with non-U.S. cash. And we expect the acquisition to generate returns on capital in the 16% to 20% range by year seven. In addition, we see significant potential to improve the performance of the EF&C business through the application of ITW's 80/20 business management system, and we expect margins to improve from approximately 10% to 20% by year five. The acquisition is slightly accretive to EPS in the first 12 months, and based on the expected closing date, we expect very little EPS impact in 2016, with accelerating benefits into 2017 and beyond. Finally, we're maintaining our end of 2017 performance goals. Second, based on our ability to tax-efficiently accessed $1.2 billion of non-U.S. cash this month, we're increasing our share repurchase expectation by $1 billion to approximately $2 billion. The associated EPS benefit for 2016 is largely offset by recent currency moves, but this additional $1 billion of share repurchase also positions us very well for earnings growth in 2017 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it Scott.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Michael and just now a couple of words on the acquisition that we announced earlier this week. On slide 17, let me start in terms of foundation and just talk about the business that we are holding on this acquisition to our Automotive OEM segment. As many of you know, we have a very focused niche strategy in this space. We are essentially a high velocity serial problem solver for OEM and tier suppliers. The segment, in 2015, had $2.5 billion of revenue and an 8% organic growth CAGR since 2012. As we have talked on a number of occasions, we see very attractive long-term growth opportunities in this space within ITW's very focused niche positioning, and have demonstrated some real ability to execute on that strategy over the last four years or five years as we've talked about on a number of occasions. And we've outgrown global auto builds by over 400 basis points on average since 2012. So the addition of the ZF – the Engineered Fasteners & Components business from ZF TRW essentially gives us some additional leverage on that strategy, broadens our market positions on slide 18. A very complementary business in terms of strategy and focus, this business is a leading global supplier of engineered fastening systems and technical components largely focused on the interior of the car. Business is headquartered in Germany, 13 manufacturing facilities and 3,500 employees globally. Very strong solid business, excellent customer relationships, very capable operating team, and a very strong proven track record around quality and delivery execution throughout their history. On slide 18 (sic) [19], in terms of what does this business do in terms of adding to our current position, a couple of key points in that regard. First of all, it adds several new strategic product platforms that have similar characteristics through the core product platforms that we support today, certainly have very demonstrated track record in terms of innovation. The business is bringing with it over 500 active patents. And from the standpoint of the manufacturing customer support footprint, very tilted towards Asia, so it supplements our position in Asia. The overall business is, standpoint of revenue by geography, is 45% Europe, 20% North America, 35% in Asia Pacific, so very complementary to our geographic footprint, which is a little more weighted towards North America. So it gives us better global balance overall. And certainly, the last point is we see significant potential to leverage our 80/20 business management process in terms of helping the EF&C business continue to improve its operating metrics. Operating margins on the way in (18:52) are about 10%, and as Michael talked about, we think we have line of sight on at least doubling that rate over the first five years of ownership. From the standpoint of the transaction components, purchase price is roughly one times sales. Michael talked about the near-term accretion, certainly, modestly positive in the first 12 months, including all non-cash acquisition accounting related costs, certainly, expect to generate returns on capital well within our target, over the first seven years to 10 years of the acquisition. Michael talked about our ability to fund 70% or so of the purchase price with non-U.S. cash, which is an acquisition from a strategic and operational and return standpoint that we would have done regardless of funding sources, but certainly, the ability to use a significant portion of the purchase cost, the ability to use cash overseas is certainly an added benefit here, but didn't drive the deal. And we expect to close in the second half of – or this first half of 2016. So with that, I think we're – that's all for our prepared remarks, and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Are we going to proceed with the question-and-answer session?
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes, let's begin the question and answer, thank you.
Operator: You're welcome. One moment. Our first question will be coming from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And nice quarter. Maybe starting on the 2016 guide, you maintain the guide, and it seems like you've built some margin of error in the guide also with this $1 billion repatriation. And so, maybe talk a little bit about your opportunity to still hit at least the midpoint, maybe even the higher end of the guide, if in fact organic growth were to disappoint as we kind of progress through the year.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Joe, I'd say on the organic, 1% to 3% guide for 2016 is based on the demand levels we're seeing in the businesses today, as per usual. So we're not counting on improvement in underlying demand or in market conditions. Based on current run rates, we are solidly in that range of 1% to 3%. I think in terms of margin of error, what I would say is that we still have a lot of things that are within our control, in terms of our self-help. And number one on the list are the enterprise initiatives that we've continued to execute well on over the last two years. And we expect another 100 basis points of margin expansion, independent of volume from those in 2016. If you translate that into EPS, as we said in December, that's about $0.30 of EPS growth. Certainly, in addition to that, the $1 billion increase in our share repurchase program gives us some additional EPS benefit. Unfortunately, some of that is, depending on the timing, is offset by recent currency moves. Not so much in the euro, but primarily in Canadian and Australian dollars, the pound, but it does give us a little bit of room here. So overall, in terms of the guidance, we feel very good about maintaining where we're at in the $5.35 to $5.55 range, and we feel really good about continuing to make solid progress on organic growth. You saw some of that in the fourth quarter. And just based on what we're seeing in our businesses today, we'd expect that to continue in 2016.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful color, Michael. Maybe as my follow-on question, there's a lot of concern in the market regarding what's happening in the auto end market. Clearly, that's an end market that has been incredibly good for you guys. You continue to outpace global auto builds, but it looks like this past quarter, we saw a little bit less outgrowth in Auto OEM. So maybe some color on your ability to continue to sustain outgrowth in that end market and how you think about that end market over the next 12 months.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, sure, Joe, this is Scott. I think the story for us remains one of penetration. Michael made a comment in his prepared remarks that our planning scenario, essentially, is for 1% increase in global auto builds next year. I think most of the sort of external forecasters and pundits are in the 2.5% to 3% range. So in our own planning assumptions, I think we're taking a much more conservative approach as a baseline. It is also, as we talked about before, the one area of our business where we have a significant amount of forward visibility vis-à-vis. We've sold programs into production plans going on this year. Those programs were sold two years and three years ago. So I think we've got a pretty stable outlook on, in terms of what our expectations are for 2016, with respect to auto built into our plans. It doesn't mean that builds, if we see some inflection in – or some change in overall builds relative to our 1%, that's not going to have an impact, but ultimately, I think the potential impacts are pretty modest. I think we've got our plan set where there's an appropriate level of conservatism, and have enough new penetration and new content in 2016 coming online that we ought to be able to be all right regardless of – pending any sort of major crash, which I don't think anybody thinks is going to happen. I think we're in pretty good position in 2016.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks, Scott. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Scott, so can you talk a little bit more about the pivot to growth? How much more challenging do you think it could be to get your businesses that are preparing to grow, to get ready to grow, by the end of 2016, as you talked about in the Analyst Day, if the global economy is a bit weaker? And maybe you can talk about what these businesses are. If I look at it, it seems like it'd be businesses like European construction, parts of polymers and fluids, parts of specialty products. But that's what I think. What do you think?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think you've hit – in terms of those three areas of the company, I think you've hit three that are still in the preparing to grow mode. The agenda is pretty much within our own control from the standpoint of what we have characterized as moving from preparing to grow to ready to grow. It's largely a lot of 80/20 work, a lot of product line pruning, a lot of customer focus, and a lot of – as we talked in December, a lot on really lasering in on where are the best opportunities to grow. So I don't think there's much impact on the preparation part from the standpoint of the external environment. That agenda is pretty well mapped out. The timing is, in terms of the sequencing of various parts of the company, from that prepared to grow to ready to grow, just a function of how big the agenda was to get from A to B. And in some cases, we had further to go than others. So the 60% we've gotten in that mode to this point had a slightly less deep agenda. And we're working our way through the rest. So I don't think there's much impact in terms of the external environment, in terms of the objective that we have laid out to get 85% of our businesses in that mode by the end of this year. That being said, certainly, the external environment, from the standpoint of yield on that investment, is certainly going to have an impact in the short run. A little bit of tailwind, at some point here, would certainly help us showcase the progress we're making, but I think I'd also make the other point that the fact that we're able to grow 45% of our sales in this environment at a 6% clip in 2015 is a pretty good indicator of at least some progress in that regard.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for that, Scott. And Scott or Michael, can I ask you about price/cost? You had a minor improvement in price/cost from 20 basis points to 30 basis points. But as you know, raw material costs do seem to be coming down, maybe a little more significantly now. So can you actually improve that price/cost from 30 basis points that you had in 1Q or at least maintain it for the year?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so I think obviously, Andrew, it's not the main driver of our margin performance here. That's really enterprise initiatives. But we were pleased to see 30 basis points in the fourth quarter. That was our best result in 2015. And the average for the year is 20 basis points. And that's what we modeled for 2016. I think we were all encouraged to see solid price across the portfolio, again, a lot of it driven by the launch of new products, as we've talked about before. And we're starting to see the deflation come through on some of the key raw materials that we're buying. In some cases, we pass those on to customers; we're contractually obligated, so obviously, we'll do that. But there is a little bit more of sort of an improvement in the overall equation here in the fourth quarter. Hopeful that we can maintain that. We're certainly working very hard on that. And we're counting on 20 basis points in the guide for 2016.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, Michael. Take care, guys.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of John Inch of Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line is open.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks very much. Okay, so I want to – good morning, everyone. I want to pick up on this auto thematic. I mean, let's be blunt. It was very clear your stock was shorted earlier this year, because of this perceived exposure, your Auto business is going to fall off a cliff. And I understand your confidence based on your track record and your ability to continue to penetrate it. My question is, do you see anything, Scott or Michael, based on your operations that give you a little more comfort than simply the trend? In other words, do you have – and I realize you've got a little bit of a backlog, look forward, but are there initiatives that you're working on that may be derivative of, say, CAFE standards or vehicle electrification, or you're working on a big something in Indonesia or something like that that you think maybe give you – maybe not dramatically, but like a point or two of step-up help over the coming cycle?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I wouldn't put Indonesia on the high priority list.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just meant – that was the only thing that came to mind, but you know.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But other than that, I think we have – I think I get it, your question. If I don't answer it, let me know. But what I would say is we have a very full pipeline over of engineering and product development activity related to Automotive that's certainly driven by some of the things you talked about, and just other changes in the need profile of our OEM customers in terms of new features, new technologies, new things that they're looking to add. So I think we have a very solid view of the next 10 years in the space, in terms of what the opportunities are for our particular niche in the space. And I think that's – this is not – we don't manage any of our businesses for the next two quarters, we manage them for the long haul. I think this is an area where we remain, as we've talked before, very optimistic about our ability to continue to increase our content per vehicle, focusing on a very narrowly defined strategy in terms of what we do. And so, all I can tell you is that the pipeline, in terms of the amount of activity in terms of projects we're working on that are going to come to fruition two years and three years and four years out remains very healthy. We track it, we monitor it, so I think we are on top of sort of what the future might hold in terms of opportunity for us here.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And John, maybe I'll just add that, for those that are maybe a little more short-term focused, we have not seen any signs of a slowdown in the fourth quarter or year-to-date in the automotive space, or across our business portfolio.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Let me just ask kind of a follow-up. This German company you've bought, right, it's going to give you a leg up into Asia. And obviously, ITW, as you're pivoting with cost and simplification, you're going to be doing more M&A. Is there runway to do other kinds of deals like this, perhaps to extend what clearly is then a successful M&A – or excuse me, penetration track record in auto into other markets like, I don't know, for example, Japan or something. I mean just I realize you can't talk specifically, but maybe the question was more the deal that you did, was it more one-off? Or do you think that there are other things? And just as a follow-up, I mean having a little bit of experience with German companies, I'm assuming that company has a lot of potential productivity or cost efficiency opportunities. Can you still grow it at that cadence and expand the margins?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Trying to think about where to start with that one?
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sorry. Multi-part second part.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so I think our overall story in Automotive is largely an organic one. I think this particular business, from the standpoint of complementary fit with our strategy, is a unique opportunity. I would certainly not rule out other opportunities like this. But I think it's not a matter of – it's not the scale we're after here. It's really about sort of auto opportunities where we can extend our access to the key OEMs and extend our ability to play across a range of different product platforms that we think fit the overall screen in terms of high value-added content. So we talked about the organic growth rate in Auto OEM. I think that's largely that remains the thrust here. So that's the overall focus, and the story is we have significant opportunity to continue to grow and add content per vehicle and do it in a way that's certainly consistent with our overall enterprise performance goals. That being said, would we look at something that gave us a similar opportunity to extend our reach in some other geography? Sure.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Or technology, perhaps? I mean, I won't – Mobileye comes to mind only because it's been so topical. I'm not talking about that company specifically, but maybe break-through technology. Is that a possibility?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not sure I heard who the company was. I wouldn't comment on it. I don't think it's – I think we'll assess each opportunity on its own. I don't want to overplay this. I think our primary thrust is – and focus continues to be on leveraging and executing the strategy that we have. So we don't need any more M&A to continue to generate really strong organic growth at really nice incremental yield. So I would say, our thrust here would be more opportunistic than any view that we have to do anything more here. So if opportunities present themselves that we think that will certainly do it, but we have no particular view of we're deficient, we need this, or we have to have that in order to be very successful here over the long haul.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, I got it. And Mobileye was the company I called out. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays. Your line is open.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm new to your story, so I'm allowed to ask dumb questions for a couple of quarters. I hope you guys forgive me.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But can you give us a sense – you seem to have a fair amount of confidence in the 0% to 2% 1Q guide. I mean, January is a fairly important month in the quarter. We're already on this 27th. Are you tracking in that range in January and that gives you the confidence?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Scott, we're on track in January for the guidance that we gave for the first quarter.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, second question, just following up a little on what John was saying. I mean, this TRW deal looks like just a fantastic deal. I mean, if there's other stuff out there like this, would you be willing to – I mean, would it make sense, at least, to think about not doing the share repurchase and adding the higher return profile instead?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think, Scott, we really – absolutely, we will continue to look at acquisitions, where we can – that meet the criteria that we talked about in December. So really, the primary purpose here is to support or accelerate our organic growth rate and we're looking for businesses, where we can have significant impact from an 80/20 standpoint. And so to the extent that we see those, we'll certainly continue to work on that. In terms of overall capital allocation, nothing has changed in terms of our structure and strategy. As you know, we have a strong balance sheet, we have strong liquidity. We generate a lot of cash flow. You saw 140% in the quarter, 106% for the year. And so we have a lot of options. And so for us, it's not a question of either/or, we can do all of the above. And what we've said is to the extent that we don't identify acquisitions that meet the criteria that I just described, then we make a choice to return that cash to our shareholders through an active share repurchase program. And as you saw, we just raised that today from a $1 billion to $2 billion for 2016. So that's how we think about it.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That seems to make sense. And then, just a quick one. How much of the 150-basis-point margin of the year you think was price/cost related or LIFO accounting related, or something related to that?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So price/cost was 20 basis points and the primary driver was 110 basis points from the enterprise initiatives.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. All right, thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay. Thank you. Operator; Thank you. And our next question will be coming from the line of Deane Dray of RBC. Your line is open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. I just want to circle back to the ZF deal. Scott, it's pretty clear this is a natural fit for you guys, but I didn't hear any specifics regarding what the products are. There's a vague description of strategic product platforms, but if you can get down to the level of the 80/20, the 20% that really matter compared to like lift-to-sits, handles, fuel caps, what is it adding to the portfolio and are there any redundancies?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, this is Michael, Deane. So if you think about it, $470 million in revenues, half of that is what we would describe as fastening systems. And that, not to get too technical here, certainly, I'm not the right person for that, but they're described broadly as fasteners for trim, pipe and hose, hole plugs and wire harnesses. The other half is what is described as technical components. So this is, again, in the interior of the vehicle – air registers, interior ventilation systems, lighting and other interior products. So there's a really nice fit with what we know really well and do very well inside of our current Automotive business.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just in the description, Michael, there are overlaps, the way it sounds, in terms of the fasteners and even some of the air handling. Do you have a sense of how much specific overlap there is?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think overlap is not a good characterization. Every one of these products is custom-designed around a particular model. So we're sort of describing them in broad category, so they're areas that we know. We know fastening very well in Automotive, but there are hundreds of fastening applications on every car. So every product line here is a specifically designed and engineered solution to a specific problem on a specific model for a specific OEM. So these are sort of areas that we're very familiar with in broad terms, but from the standpoint of are there any exact like-like products? Minimal to none.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great to hear. And that's a good perspective. And then, just my follow-up question would be for Michael. On the repatriated cash, what's the effective tax rate that you paid on bringing this cash back? And maybe are you netting it against any tax losses? But just when you say it's tax-efficient, what did you have to pay?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So we paid very little. And you saw that in our tax rate last year. We had a similar transaction in the quarter last year. Our rate for the last year was 30.2% for the year, in that 30% to 31% range. And for 2016, we expect to be in that same range, 30% to 31%, including in the first quarter. So, like we said, this was done in a very tax-efficient, very simple transaction. It makes a lot of sense operationally and a really good outcome for the company.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And, Michael, I'm sorry to try to pin you down on this. When you say very little, what tax rate – effective tax rate are you paying to bring this cash back?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Essentially zero.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Terrific. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Mig Dobre of Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess, my question relates to slide 11 in the deck, looking at industrial and consumer sequentially. So for your industrial businesses, you're up 4% adjusted for seasonality. Maybe kind of nitpicking a little bit, if Welding was flat and Test & Measurement were up 2%, can you give us a sense for what else sort of grew to get you to the plus 4%? And then, related to this, I'm trying to understand if this is just something that's specific to the company, either through new product introduction or your exposure? Or are you trying to signal that there's something bigger going on in the environment? It's a little different than what we're hearing from other industrial companies in terms of what happens...
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Mig, all we're saying is that, as we talked about on the last earnings call is that what we have seen in our businesses on the industrial side is that trends stabilize, really starting in the second quarter last year. And so if you just take Welding to maybe illustrate this, so if you look at the sequential demand trends in Welding, what we saw in the first quarter was a 8% decline in the demand rate, into the second quarter, into the third quarter, we saw 1%, all seasonally adjusted. And then, in the fourth quarter we saw flat. And so that means that we would expect typical seasonality in Welding. We expect that business to be down 2% and the business was flat. So that's certainly an improvement in terms of the underlying demand trends.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And part of what I would add to that is there's a lot of volatility in the comps, given just the volatility in the end-market. So we talked about fourth quarter last year. So what we're trying just communicate is, not any big change in trend as much as when you look at the year-on-year comps quarter-by-quarter, because of the volatility over the last eight quarters to 10 quarters, those aren't necessarily indicative of what's going on currently. And essentially what we're seeing is relatively stable demand on a orders per day basis. So we're not calling it a trend, we're not calling it a pick-up, but what we are saying is things have been relatively stable.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, and, Mig, a point on the consumer side is really that -this is a little bit different, as you were saying, relative to maybe some of our peers, that 60% of our revenues are tied to the consumer. And that in the current environment where there's some pressure on the industrial side, particularly, CapEx into oil and gas, and we have 60% of the company growing at 3% at a very stable rate for the quarter and for the year. So those are the points we're trying to make on slide 11.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. I appreciate that. And then, I know you commented on price/cost, but if we can focus on just price specifically in your industrial businesses, are there some parallels that you can draw between the current environment versus maybe prior downturns where things were challenging? How's pricing behaving versus history here?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No change here, Mig. I mean, we saw across the portfolio the ability to get price based on offering value-added products and solutions. We saw no change in the quarter. So really nothing different here.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of David Raso of Evercore ISI.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Hi, good morning.
Operator: Your line is open.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: So, two questions, one positive, I guess, one negative. But first a clarification. Maybe I missed it.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks for the warning.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: The guidance, does it not include the auto acquisition, just so we're clear?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, the guidance today does not include the acquisition. But what we did say is that we expect minimal EPS impact in 2016. This is really more of a 2017 and beyond EPS growth story. And so when the transaction closes, which we expect will happen in the first half of the year, we will update revenue margin guidance. We expect some, but very little impact on the EPS side and we'll give you all that once the transaction closes.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: All right. Thank you. On the positive side, the organic growth guidance for the first quarter was stronger than I would have thought. Is it fair to say the tone at the December meeting when you thought about the cadence for 2016 organic to get to the full-year midpoint of up 2%, that the first quarter organic guidance you just gave is maybe a little better than you were thinking a month or two ago?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'd say not really, David. I mean, I'd say, the fourth quarter here was a little bit better than our guidance at the beginning of the quarter, but that wasn't really a big surprise to us. And, again, what we're doing is we're taking typical seasonality, run rates from Q4 adjusted for seasonality into Q1 and that gets you into that 0% to 2% range, so there's nothing really different about it.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Okay, I have to admit, I was thinking that it was a very back half loaded guide in the sense of first half organic maybe down a bit, second half would have to be up a lot. But it sounds like now the cadence sounds a little more 1%,1%, 3%,3%, is kind of the generic base case of the cadence to get the full-year 2%?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, yeah, but again, it's much more about the – because of the comparison to the comps, we're taking current daily run rates and applying basically what we're saying in 2016 is – no change in current run rates gets us 1% to 3% for the year.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And so based on that, I mean, the way you're looking at it, David, I mean, this is not a back-end loaded plan in terms of the organic or the EPS guidance.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Yeah, I mean, I will say I left the meeting thinking it was even more back-half loaded than the setup you're describing today. On the negative side, obviously, a lot of positive commentary you have on Auto versus the concerns, but still, end of the day, the quarter, the outgrowth wasn't quite as great as we've seen, and the margins still were down, so maybe I missed it in the prepared remarks. But can you help us understand why the margin was down and how do you see Auto margins for 2016 versus 2015? You're saying worldwide builds up 1%. I assume you expect to outgrow, so call it, 2%, 3%, 4% kind of revenue growth for Auto. How do the margins play out in that scenario?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So our margins, I mean, it can vary a little bit on a quarterly basis. I would point to 24.2% operating margin in Auto for the year, great progress. That's how I would think about 2016 with some progress on the enterprise initiatives. For the year, 6% organic growth on builds of 1%, 5% in the quarter. There can be some mix issues, like we talked about in the third quarter. And so I wouldn't read too much into, David, the one particular quarter, but really encourage you to look at it kind of on an annual basis. And we'd certainly expect something very similar in 2016. Scott walked through the penetration and the auto build dynamics, but it should be another solid year for the Auto business.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: That's helpful, but just so I make sure I heard you correctly, the 24.2%, and then you made a comment about enterprise initiatives. The 24.2% includes enterprise initiatives, or is that base, and then whatever you can provide (50:22).
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The 24.2% is the performance for the full-year in 2015.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Correct.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And like all of our businesses, we would expect some progress on margins in 2016, some more than others.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Okay. that's helpful. Helpful. Just wanted to clarify. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Joel Tiss. Your line is open.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey guys, how's it going?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just quick for Mike, just a clarification. You said the consumer facing businesses are stable. Does that mean that they're up 3%? They're stable at an up 3% run rate for 2016, or they're stable closer to flat for 2016 versus the up 3% in 2015?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, when we say stable what we mean is the underlying demand trends adjusted for seasonality from Q3 to Q4, we saw stable demand in those businesses. So...
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And you said – oh, go ahead, sorry.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Now it doesn't mean that we expect the consumer businesses to be flat in 2016. We're certainly not giving guidance for consumer and industrial for 2016, but if you think about what's in there, so Automotive, we talked about Food Equipment, we talked about parts of Construction and Specialty, we'd certainly expect those businesses to grow again in 2016.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then, just a strategic question on the debt. You were saying in December that you were hoping to use the free cash flow to pay down debt. And I see that your cash is coming down a little bit, and your debt's going up. And I just wondered if there's any change in that thinking going into 2016?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think, Joel, I think you were saying that. I don't think I said that at the December meeting. So we have, like I said earlier, I mean, we have our current debt to EBITDA is in that 2.2/2.3 range, and we expect no changes to that.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. First question on the acquisition. Could you help us kind of frame the historical growth rate over the last three years? Was it even close to the 8% CAGR achieved by your Auto business? And then, also based on your initial meetings with the organization over there so far, is your impression that they have the embedded skill-set right now to drive both margin improvement, and ultimately, above market growth kind of in line with corporate goals?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So the answer to the first question is the growth rate has been solid, but not at the rate that we've been growing over the last four years. We expect to have some – offer some help in that regard. And then, the second question is that we've been very impressed with the management team in the organization and feel like we're getting a really solid quality team, that runs a great business today and through some additional tools that we can provide around our operating system, I think, can certainly leverage those tools to their full potential.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Scott. And then, last one back on Welding, your comments about that being one of the businesses that stabilized during at least the second half of last year. Did you see any difference in trends through the year between CapEx and consumables? And then, also did you see any change within the second half in some of your bigger customers, maybe machinery OEM behavior versus, if you will, the general distributor base.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, no, so we didn't really see anything other than what I described earlier, right? And so, on the equipment side, certainly down a little bit more than the consumables that have been fairly stable throughout the year, but no significant changes as we've gone through the year or the fourth quarter.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Nicole DeBlase of Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Sorry about the last name, there.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It's okay. I'm used to it. It's DeBlase. So the first question is on Construction. So the North America Construction Products core growth, I think, it decelerated a bit to 2% this quarter. It was more like 7% in 3Q. I'm just curious on the drivers, is it a comp issue? Are you seeing some slowdown in North America Construction on an underlying basis? And then, I guess, what are your thoughts on the North America non-resi construction side goal into 2016?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So if you look at the fourth quarter, up 3% organic, like I said, residential was flat, which was slightly better than expected. On the renovation remodel channel, that's really where the growth, up 12% for the full-year, and then, commercial down slightly. Those trends, we've been kind of bumping along those same numbers in 2015. We feel good about 2016 and we would expect that business to grow in 2016 at a rate similar to what we saw in 2015, which was up 4% organically.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then, for my follow-up, just looking at the T&M/Electronics business, it was pretty strong this quarter, stronger than we had expected. And I would say that the margin performance there was a bit of a standout. So is that just enterprise initiatives? Or is there anything else to highlight from a margin perspective? And do you also think that T&M/Electronics can show positive margin progression in 2016?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, we think we'll continue to make progress on operating margin in Test & Measurement. And in the fourth quarter, really nothing unusual other than what we've been talking about for almost three years now in terms of really strong execution of the enterprise initiatives, including 80/20 in that business. So very sustainable. More progress to come in 2016 and 2017.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Just two quick follow-ups. One, again, the comments you made about the sequential improvements in some of your industrial businesses was interesting. Can you comment on if that trend continued into January? And then, I guess, the second question is given the incremental lag-down we've seen in oil prices, what have you sort of baked into your guidance in 2016 in terms of risk, because you could see a lag effect there? Thanks.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So like we said earlier, no change in the month of January. We're on track to the guidance for the quarter. Oil and gas demand, while certainly down year-over-year, has remained stable. And like we said earlier, the primary impact there is on the Welding side and we expect that business to decline in the single-digits in 2016.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All righty. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, it would be helpful if they could get my first name right. Morning. Just following up on the acquisition of ZF, as they would call it in Europe, how did that deal come about? For decades companies have been trying to get out of automotive supply. And it hasn't been deemed as a very attractive sector to be in. I'm curious, was this an auction process? ZF was trying to get rid of this business? Or did ITW approach ZF? I'm just curious how it all happened.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'm not sure that it's probably our place to comment on that. I think we're – it's a business that we've known about for a long time. I'll put it that way.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So you're not willing to comment on whether it was an auction?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You can ask them.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. No problem. And maybe you could just talk about the backlog then on the acquisition front? What are you seeing out there in terms of buyers versus sellers? Are we still looking at high expectations from sellers?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, my answer is we remain very much a niche player on the acquisition space. As we've talked about, our primary thrust remains on focus on making this pivot organic. So I'm not sure we're your best barometer. In terms of pipeline, we have a few segments that are in the ready-to-grow mode, largely who are now enabled to start to think about what might be complementary to what they're doing, but I would say, from a standpoint of our overall level of effort here, we wouldn't be a good barometer in terms of what's going on in the overall market.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there in the interest of time. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Steve Fisher of UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Just two regional outlook questions. On Europe, we're seeing some mixed data points. What are you seeing and expecting for your overall business in aggregate in Europe in 2016? And then, similarly, with China, obviously, roughly, flat in the fourth quarter, but you had some big moving pieces with Automotive, quite a bit something else was down. How do you see China going forward in 2016 overall?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so I think, Steve, kind of, big picture here. I mean, Europe was up a little more than 1% in 2015. We expect that to stay at the current run rate to be – in that range. Maybe a little better than that, driven, again, by strong presence in Automotive growing double-digits, or a big quarter in 2015, and more to come there. Food Equipment should have another really good year in that region. So more of the same, maybe a little bit better in Europe based on current run rates. China was flat essentially in the quarter, flat for the year. And we expect a similar environment going into 2016.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. And that brings us actually just past the top of the hour. So we're going to conclude the call there. Thanks to everyone for your time today and participation. And we'll talk to you of the first quarter in three months. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Questions will be taken at the end of the presentation. Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I will hand the call over to Mr. Aaron Hoffman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Hoffman, you may begin.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Anna. Good morning and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2015 conference call. Joining me this morning are our CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss our third quarter financial results, and update you on our earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2015 fourth quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2014 Form 10-K and second quarter 2015 Form 10-Q for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Aaron and good morning. In Q3, ITW delivered another strong quarter of margin expansion and earnings per share growth. In the quarter, ITW achieved 9% earnings per share growth, operating margin of just under 23%, and after-tax return on invested capital of 21.5%. In addition, free cash flow in the quarter was very strong at 126% of net income. We were able to deliver these results despite the by now well known list of near-term headwinds confronting just about every U.S.-based industrial company: currency, sluggish business investment, and CapEx spending, the slowdown in China, et cetera. The key driver of our performance in the near term continues to be strong execution on the margin and return improvement focused elements of our Enterprise Strategy, which contributed to more than 100 basis points of margin expansion and 140 basis points of ROIC improvement in the quarter. Since we began implementing our current strategy a little over two and a half years ago, we have expanded operating margins by 570 basis points and after-tax return on invested capital by 540 basis points. As we look ahead to 2016 and beyond, activities across the company associated with our Business Structure Simplification initiative are tapering down with significant incremental benefits still to come. Strategic Sourcing is now fully embedded in our operations and is delivering consistent above-plan benefits, and we're in the final stages of the portfolio management component of our Enterprise Strategy as product line simplification activities will start to moderate in 2016. As a result, and as we planned, beginning in 2016 we will be well positioned to shift our focus increasingly toward leveraging our much more differentiated higher quality business portfolio for accelerated organic growth. Similar to the way we implemented these initiatives, we are in the early stages of applying a clearly defined and rigorous two-step growth framework to every one of our 84 (3:26) divisions that is designed to, first, prepare them for accelerated growth and, second, to have them deliver on it in a very focused 80/20-like way. Our Automotive OEM and Food Equipment segments are the farthest along in implementing this framework. Their success in accelerating organic growth through applying our growth framework is encouraging as we look to bring the rest of the company along over the next 12 months to 18 months. We will cover our growth framework and our transition to focus on growth in more detail at our Annual Investor Day in December. Despite the long list of near-term external challenges, we continue to focus on positioning the company to take full advantage of the performance potential that was (4:06) within our highly differentiated business model over the long term. To that end, we have invested approximately $420 million in our businesses thus far in 2015, as we add capital equipment to expand capacity, launch new products, and simplify our businesses in order to focus them on our largest and most compelling growth opportunities. ITW's business model is not capital intensive and, as a result, we have plenty of flexibility that allows us to both make significant investments in our businesses and return a meaningful share of our cash flow to our shareholders. In the third quarter, the board raised the dividend 13.4% and year-to-date we have now repurchased $2 billion of shares. As a reminder, we have more than $5 billion remaining on our share repo authorization. Moving forward, we will continue to be highly disciplined in our approach to allocating capital to both share repurchases and strategic acquisitions. As we move through the back-end of year three of our Enterprise Strategy, we've made substantial progress in executing our strategy to position ITW for solid organic growth with best-in-class margins and returns and we remain solidly on track to meet or exceed our 2017 performance goals. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Michael. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everybody. As you saw this morning, ITW delivered another strong quarter. EPS was $1.39, an increase of 9% versus prior year, driven once again by strong execution on Enterprise Initiatives as Business Structure Simplification and Strategic Sourcing exceeded our expectations and contributed to record operating margin performance, and helped offset challenging end market conditions in some of our businesses. Operating margin improved 180 basis points to 22.7%, with 110 basis points of that improvement coming directly from our Enterprise Initiatives. Revenues were down 9%, primarily due to currency headwinds and a 1% decline in organic revenue. Keep in mind that, as expected, the organic decline includes 1 percentage point of PLS. As you may recall, we're comparing against a pretty good organic performance of plus 3.5% in the year ago quarter. When we look at our diverse business portfolio, it's a tale of two economies: industrial and consumer. We continue to see solid organic growth in our consumer-facing businesses, such as Automotive, Food Equipment, and parts of Specialty and Construction, which represents about 60% of our total revenues. In the quarter and year-to-date, these businesses are up 5% organically, so 60% of the company is growing at 5% in a tough environment. On the other hand, our industrial-facing businesses, like Welding, Test & Measurement/Electronics, declined in the high single digits organic. That said, we continue to invest in all of our businesses, including those that serve the industry (7:06) economy, as we're confident that the CapEx cycle will eventually turn in our favor. Strong cash generation is a hallmark of ITW and this quarter was no exception, with free cash flow of $644 million, 126% of net income. We expect a solid fourth quarter and remain firmly on track to meet or exceed our 100% cash conversion target for the year. Good progress on after-tax return on invested capital, now solidly above our long-term target of 20%-plus in the quarter and year-to-date. So in summary, with revenues down 9%, ITW delivered 9% EPS growth along with record operating margin performance, record ROIC and strong cash flows. And just as important, we fully expect this positive momentum from Enterprise Initiatives to continue to contribute about 100 basis points of margin expansion going forward, including in 2016 and 2017, independent of volume growth. Needless to say, this positions ITW very well in the current environment and gives us confidence in meeting or exceeding our 2017 performance goals. Revenue by geography on page five reflects the environment we just talked about. North America was down 2% as declines in Test & Measurement/Electronics and Welding offset strength in Construction, up 7%; Food Equipment, up 6%; and Automotive, up 5%. EMEA was down 1% despite another strong double-digit performance by the Automotive team. Asia Pacific was down 4%, as China, which is less than 5% of revenues, was down 8% this quarter. Declines in Welding, Test & Measurement/Electronics and Automotive were partially offset by solid growth in Construction products. Finally, South America was down 4%, as Brazil, which represents about 2% of total ITW sales, declined 7%. Our emerging market exposure is fairly limited, and while the environment globally is a little more challenging, ITW is well positioned to offset end market conditions with strong margin performance, as you will see on the next page. On page six, operating margin is once again the highlight of the quarter with 22.7% being an all time high for the company. Margin performance was strong across the board, that's four segments improved by 200 basis points or more. Construction was up 420 basis points; Food Equipment, up 320 basis points; Specialty Product, up 270 basis points; and Automotive up 200 basis points. Volume declines in Test & Measurement/Electronics, Welding and Polymers & Fluids led to lower operating margin in those three segments on a year-over-year basis. That said, these businesses are still operating at best in class margins, particularly Welding, which maintained 25% operating margin in the face of significant volume declines. On the right side of the page, the number one driver of margin expansion this quarter was once again Enterprise Initiatives contributing 110 basis points, slightly better than expected. Price/cost was favorable, 20 basis points, and lower restructuring versus prior year drove 70 basis points of the 90 basis points in the other category. As Scott mentioned, the restructuring costs associated with Business Structure Simplification are starting to moderate, and we expect to spend $60 million to $70 million on restructuring this year. So overall, very good progress on sustainable margin improvement so far, and clear line of sight to further incremental margin opportunities going forward. Turning to page seven, on the left side, you can see the operating margin by segment on a year-to-date basis, with 150 basis points of sustainable margin improvement so far this year. For some additional color by segment, let's start with Automotive OEM which had another strong quarter as organic revenue was up 5% on worldwide auto builds that were flat. Europe continued to outperform auto builds with double-digit revenue growth. North America was up 5%, in line with auto builds, but excluding PLS, this region would have outperformed auto builds by approximately 300 basis points. As expected, China was down 5%, as global automotive manufacturers, where ITW has higher content, declined 15%, significantly more than domestic Chinese manufacturers. This implies about 500 basis points of penetration gains, very much in line with our past performance. And operating margin was 25.4%, an increase of 200 basis points. In our Test & Measurement/Electronics segment, organic revenue declined 11% in the quarter in a challenging demand environment for capital equipment and in the face of a good year ago quarter, above 5%. Lower volume caused operating margin for the segment to decrease 210 basis points to 16.6% in the quarter. Adding back the non-cash charges from the amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, operating margin is above 20%. Food Equipment, also had a good year ago quarter, but organic growth was still up 3%, as North America led the way with equipment up 8% and service up 4%. The team continues to do a very good job achieving above market growth across the portfolio through customer backed innovation. Internationally, equipment revenue was down 1%, compared to strong 8% growth in the year ago quarter. And record operating margin of 26.3% was up 320 basis points. Polymers & Fluids on page nine was down 3%, with polymers down 8% partly due to a decline in the European offshore wind business. Fluids down 4% due to weak industrial MRO trends, while automotive aftermarket, which is more oriented towards the consumer, was a bright spot of 2% due to successful new product launches. As discussed earlier, a tough quarter on the top line in Welding, down 10% organically, compared to a strong quarter, up 5% in the year ago. Weakness in North America, which represents about 75% of the segment's revenues was broad based, and organic revenue was down 8%. International was down 17%, primarily due to oil and gas and PLS of low margin business in Europe. As you can see from the margin performance, the team continues to do a very good job maintaining best in class margins supported by the 80/20 focus on highly differentiated equipment, which represents approximately two-thirds of the business. On slide 10, Construction Products had another good quarter on the top line with organic revenue growth of 4%. North America, which is about 40% of this segment, was up 7%, due to continued positive momentum in the renovation/remodel hard and, to some extent, commercial. Europe was down 2% as we continue to focus on PLS and restructuring, activities that in the near term position the business for accelerated organic revenue growth with much improved margin performance. Asia Pacific increased 5%, with strong performance once again in Australia. Operating margin came in at a record 23.1%, an impressive 420 basis points of improvement. In Specialty Products, organic revenue was flat with growth in consumer packaging offset by PLS. North America was flat and international was down 1%. And operating margin improved significantly by 270 basis points to 24%. On page 11, let's turn to the guidance. And we've updated the organic outlook for the demand levels that we're seeing in our businesses today. And as a result, we expect the year to be flat to down 1%. Due to the reduced revenue assumption, we're lowering our full year EPS guidance by 1%, or $0.05 at the midpoint, to $5.05 to $5.15, which is 9% year-over-year growth at the midpoint despite the long list of external headwinds we talked about earlier. We also expect record operating margin of 21%-plus, and record after-tax ROIC of 20%-plus. Turning to the fourth quarter, our EPS guidance is in the range of $1.15 to $1.25, which includes $0.08 of negative currency impact. We also saw some (15:29) last year that we don't expect to repeat this year. Based again on current levels of demand, we expect organic revenue growth to be down 1% to 2%. We're confident that the positive momentum on our Enterprise Strategy and our proven operational capabilities position the company for continued strong performance. In fact, looking forward, we have good visibility to a significant portion of our total shareholder return target of 12% to 14%. With about 100 basis points of margin improvement from Enterprise Initiatives in each 2016 and again in 2017, along with disciplined cap allocation behind an attractive dividend and buyback and/or acquisitions, we are more than halfway to our target without the benefit of organic growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Aaron.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Michael. We'll now open the call to your questions. Please be brief so as to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question. And also please remember, one question and one follow-up question only.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question will be coming from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. (16:55) your line is open.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Michael, I like the way you broke out your business, and that 60% of your business was growing at about 5%, and 40% of your business was down about 10%. And clearly from an underlying market standpoint, you guys expect the negative 1% to negative 2% trends to continue. But if we get into 2016 and underlying trends continue to deteriorate, say, your business is down 2% to 3%, can you continue to get 100 basis points in Enterprise Initiatives in 2016?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so I think, Joe. So we're not going to get real specific in terms of guidance for 2016 as you would expect. The 100 basis points of margin improvement from Enterprise Initiatives is really independent of volume, so we would expect to get that even if revenues continue to be down in the 2% to 3% range. And I think you saw again this quarter that the decremental margins, which you would apply to those 2% to 3% revenue were once again really good in the quarter in that 30% range, so that's how I would think about it in the scenario you just laid out.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Now, that's helpful. And I guess maybe just a follow-on question, digging into one of the segments. Auto OEM for example was still really strong this quarter, but also noticed that the outgrowth in builds in North America and China didn't happen as we've seen in prior quarters. Was there any noise in the quarter that maybe drove the outgrowth lower? Or does your view on outgrowth in Auto change at all longer term?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, Joe, our view hasn't changed. I mean, historically, we've outperformed auto build to the tune to 400 basis points to 500 basis points, which we did again at the global level. What you're not seeing in the numbers in North America is that we actually have 300 basis points of product line simplification, so this is revenue that came out. If you add that back in, we outperformed auto builds by 300 basis points in North America. In China, what you're seeing is that about two-thirds of our business in China is with the global auto OEMs, and that's where we have significantly higher content. And their builds were down about 15% in the quarter, but our business was only down 5%. And so we continued to outperform to the tune of about 500 basis points in terms of continued penetration gains in the quarter.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and what I would add in terms of just additional color on China is that given the sort of slowdown on build rates, what you see in the quarter is, as the OEMs lower order rates, you see a bit of a elevated level of the brakes coming on, which is sort of flowing through the supply lines and people adjusting to the lower build rate. So all in all, we were pretty happy with how we tracked in auto in the quarter in China, given all that was going on over there.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That makes sense. If I could maybe sneak one more in. Scott, just a broader question on...
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: The backdrop just getting a little bit worse here and clearly the next step of the story for ITW is really kind of positioning the portfolio for growth. And so, any additional color that you can give us on the two-step program and your ability to really, from a timing standpoint, start to see some growth in your portfolio in light of a pretty tough economic backdrop?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we will spend some more time on that in December, as we talked about, but I think in general, I actually feel really good about – Michael talked about we have 60% of the company, net of the PLS, is growing 5% this year-to-date, and it's a combination of starting to do the kind of work we're talking about. So, I think it's a real mixed bag, as you look at the diversity of the portfolio right now, primarily because of some real pressure on the CapEx side in Welding and Test & Measurement. I think if you sort of net that away, we're actually throwing up some pretty good progress in terms of organic in the other parts of the company. I think if – with a view that says oil and gas is probably not going to get a lot worse and may not recover for a while, but the negative goes away next year, we just hold those businesses where we are and we get the rest of the portfolio to continue to grow at the rates we're growing at, it may be accelerating a little bit. I think we're set up to certainly generate some incremental improvement next year.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I would just add, Joe, that the other thing, and Scott talked about this, that we expect our product line simplification activities to moderate, really beginning in 2016. And so, that reduced organic growth rate by 1 percentage point and that will be less of a headwind on organic growth next year.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Scott, you touched on this in your prepared remarks, but maybe if you can give us a bit more color on these industrial headwinds. And ITW is so broad-based, you do see so many different end markets. People are calling this an industrial recession. You wouldn't see it in your margins, but just in terms of the key verticals, any changes in customer behavior or project pushouts? It would be interesting how you are characterizing the slowdown.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I actually think – going back to earlier in the year, I think the underlying demand trends have been pretty steady – had been down, so again, we're talking about – in oil and gas piece of it, we're talking about more broadly from the standpoint of what we're experiencing, a slowdown in CapEx investment, generally. I think currency has a lot to do with that, at least in North America. We haven't seen a lot of, let's say, things getting a lot worse over the last two quarters, two and a half quarters. I think things are sort of holding where they are at the bottom. They're certainly down a significant degree. Some of the change in the relative performance is a function more of the comps. We actually had two pretty strong quarters in those businesses in Q3 and (23:31). So we're not seeing a lot of what I would describe as further erosion, but a lot of sluggishness on the CapEx side.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I would just add if you look at the revenue numbers and the double-digit declines in Welding and Test & Measurement/Electronics this quarter, I mean, that is typically what we would expect to see in a recessionary environment. So I would just say what Scott said, it's hard to see that we continue to deteriorate much further from where we are right now.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. And then, just to switch gears over on the Construction Products side, and again I will always use your data points and weigh those higher than I would, let's say the ABI [Architecture Billings Index], which was back up over 50, how are you characterizing your opportunities across non-res today? And then, I just have to call out those are very impressive margins for this quarter in that segment.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, thank you. I mean, I think the Construction team has been working for the last two and a half years on implementing BSS in Sourcing and you're seeing some terrific progress. If you had told that team two years ago margins are going to be solidly in the low to mid 20%s, I think everybody would have signed up for those types of margins. So just on Construction, specifically, what you saw in the quarter, North America, up 7%, really led by renovation/remodel, up double-digit. So again, back to the consumer-oriented, consumer-facing businesses, residential was flat to down slightly in the quarter, and commercial was up slightly; but really the big driver here was on the renovation and remodel side. And just quickly globally, Europe, the focus there is still very much on restructuring; so quite a bit of PLS, again, in the quarter. France was actually positive. You don't hear those two words combined too often, France and growth; but France was positive. And then, in Asia Pacific, Australia, another really solid performance, up 5% in the Construction business.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But non-res overall, flat to a little bit better (25:54).
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Correct.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mig Dobre of R.W. Baird. Sir, your line is open.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, good morning, everyone. Quick question on margin, and I think someone tried to get at this earlier as well. Pretty impressive performance, but what I'm kind of looking is to where margins are expanding, they're in really the segments with pretty strong end markets: Automotive, Food Equipment, Construction, et cetera. As we look forward, what sort of needs to happen in terms of your own internal action in order to drive margin expansion in some of the segments that have been lagging? Are we sort of reliant, still, on these segments that have been driving margin expansion to continue that process into 2016, or can we actually see some of these other segments work as well?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think, Mig, if you go back to the last earnings call, I think we showed the progress on margins since we started the Enterprise Strategy, and there really are no laggards here. I mean, we've made substantial improvement across all of our businesses. What you saw this quarter was a little bit of an anomaly with some volume pressure leading to lower margins in three of our businesses. But if you look at – underlying that, there's still 100 basis points of margin expansion from the kind of the self-help from the Enterprise Initiatives in those businesses. And we would expect that to continue. Obviously, volume helps, but we're not counting on it and we feel good about still having another 100 basis points of margin expansion across the company in 2016 and 2017. And I'll just point out, this quarter, 180 basis points of margin expansion with more than half, 110 basis points of that, coming from things that are largely within our own control. So we would expect all of our businesses, Mig, to continue to make progress over the next two years here, just the way we had planned it out when we embarked on the Enterprise Strategy three years ago.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. I appreciate that. And then, maybe sticking with Welding, going to your North American commentary, mentioning broad weakness there. I guess I'm trying to maybe get better clarity in terms of what you're seeing by end market, and also potentially, the cadence, if you can comment on that, in terms of demand or orders through the quarter.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so Mig, nothing unusual in terms of the cadence through the quarter. So we didn't see trends deteriorate or improve. I think if you look at Welding down 10% in the quarter, about half of that decline came from oil and gas. About 4 points of that came from the industrial side, so that's where you'll pick up heavy equipment, some of the mining, agriculture. And then the commercial business actually held in there, down 1 percentage point out of the 10%. So nothing surprising and very consistent with what you're hearing across the board. I will just point out that – and I made the point in the script, that two-thirds of our business is equipment, because that's where 80/20 will tell you, that's where the margins are. It's a much more differentiated product. And so when you are in this part of the CapEx cycle, you will see, at least in the near term, some larger declines on the equipment side than on the consumable side. But I think if you look then at the margin performance of Welding again, in the quarter and year-to-date, it really shows why we're focused on the equipment side. But you will see some different growth trends in consumables versus the equipment side. So I just wanted to point that out.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Sure. Is there any way you can comment on consumables specifically in terms of volumes there?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, it's about a third of the business and consumables were flat in North America, down slightly outside of the U.S. and Asia Pacific and Europe.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I appreciate it. Thank you and good luck.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. And Scott, I think you put it quite well when you mentioned two-speed economy, consumer versus industrial. But I thought your comments about relatively steady trends was interesting, because given that it looked like broader industrial activity stepped down in September versus the trend line for the quarter. So I'm wondering, did you see a significantly weaker September versus what you normally see? And perhaps you could make some comments on what you're seeing so far in October.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we did not see any change in order rates in September relative to the overall quarter, and October it's a little too early to tell.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Fair enough.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Haven't heard anything. If there was something major going on already, we'd have heard about it, but...
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that's...
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: (31:18) this early in the quarter.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, sure. I understand that. But it just seems that the trend you're referring to is a little bit different to what we're hearing elsewhere, but understand that. And then, on, obviously, very strong margin, in light of the volumes, so congratulations on that. Just maybe, Michael, on the SG&A. SG&A stepped down quite a bit from 2Q to 3Q, so I'm wondering was there something that drove that? Is that just Enterprise Initiatives kicking in or is there some elements of discretionary savings in this quarter?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It's really all of the above. A big part of it is currency, but also a continued impact from Enterprise Initiatives and then just discretionary cost management are the main drivers here.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Joel Tiss from BMO. You may proceed.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, guys, how is it going?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just two ones quick. I wonder, is less PLS, going forward, is that going to stunt the rate of margin improvement a little bit?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Unanimous. No, I mean, I think PLS certainly has contributed in terms of improving the margins of the portfolio...
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But less in terms of the cost takeout that we get...
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: By taking these lower profit product lines.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right, right.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And we take out the lower margin product lines and all the costs associated with that, so it helped. but as PLS moderates, it doesn't impact margins in a significant way.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then I guess as you get more organic growth, the incremental margins on that are much higher than other businesses?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, that's correct. Yes.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Can you also give us a quick comment if you're seeing acquisition prices, are they starting to improve? Is that setting up over the next couple of years to be a more attractive use of capital?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I don't know if I could say, Joel, that things have changed in terms of pricing. If I can just make a broader comment on capital allocation, I think as you saw this quarter, this business model generates a significant amount of free cash flow and we have a strong balance sheet and we continue to be very disciplined. Our priority number one is invest in our businesses for growth and productivity, and we're doing that in a significant way. We raised – the board raised the dividend, 13% this quarter and then the balance, which is a significant number, is available for external investments, acquisitions, and/or share repurchases. And our view of acquisitions has not changed from what we laid out at the investor day a year ago. They still play an important role. I would just make a comment that we're looking at a number of things, nothing imminent on the acquisition front and we'll continue to keep you posted on that as we go forward.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. You may proceed.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: First on price/cost, it was in line with your expectations. I'm just wondering within that, is it really as stable as it seems or did you see some price erosion that was offset by lower costs?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, I think, Andy, it really is in terms of our ability to maintain and get price, nothing has changed. I think on the cost side, we're starting to see a little bit of favorability on the material costs side, as well as in resins and in metals. And some of that gets passed on to the customer, but some of that is flowing through. And we've been very steady in terms of 20 basis points, I think, every quarter this year, and we would expect to be able to maintain that going forward.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, Michael. And then I'd like to ask a little bit of a bigger-picture question here. Welding operating margin performance, even though it's stepped down a little bit on steeper organic decline, it's holding up pretty well. Does that give you any increased confidence that maybe the margin performance for overall ITW might be a little more resilient in the next recession than what occurred in the 2008-2009 with the 400 basis point drop (36:09)?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, definitely. I mean I think you look at the decremental margins in some of our businesses that were down this quarter, and the really strong performance out of Welding, I think that suggests that as we go through this Enterprise Strategy, we have a really high-quality, highly differentiated, diverse business portfolio, and I would argue we are as well positioned if not better than ever before in the event of a more significant downturn or even a recession.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, good morning. Two questions. One on the material cost, back to that, I know you had the 20 bps tailwind which was what you expected, but the price/cost, was it more pronounced, the benefit, was that equally spread across the different segments, or was a couple of the segments more pronounced? Because I look at some of your margins in some of your businesses and they're just like Food having a 26% and change margin. That's just, relative to your peers, it's impressive. And then I guess my second question is more bigger picture, again, you talked about your mix between consumer and industrial, 60%/40%. I guess when you're evaluating acquisitions right now, do you sort of think the consumer/industrial mix is the right mix? And also in your evaluating acquisitions, is there any appetite for acquiring businesses with more of a recurring earning stream, or longer cycle type businesses? Thanks.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, so why don't I do the price/cost and maybe Scott, if you want to comment on the M&A question. I think what we're seeing including in Food Equipment, that a big driver of price here is the ability to launch new products that solve some challenging problems for some pretty sophisticated customers, and I think you're seeing that certainly in Food Equipment. You're seeing it in Welding, you're seeing it in Automotive across the portfolio. So that's really more a driver than anything else. I'd say across the portfolio, really good performance from a price standpoint, and nothing unusual in the quarter. And then maybe, Scott, on the M&A side.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think the question relates again to our thinking around portfolio construction. I think the way we think about it is our most important job is to make great choices about owning and investing in businesses where this business model has great potential to generate long-term, sustainable competitive advantage, so we're not trying to think a lot harder beyond that. We own great businesses that really fit our business model. We generate great margins, great returns on capital. Those businesses then, based on the margin profile, are very resilient when they're under pressure. So, we have no targets in terms of industrial versus consumer. The 60/40 mix is today a function of the seven businesses that we obviously went through a very rigorous portfolio review, concluded that those seven are great fits with the portfolio strategy that I just talked about, it's 60/40 today in some respects, because of the declines in those industrial businesses, so that mix is probably more like 50/50 when it's normalized, but that's more a byproduct of the decision-making process than necessarily any specific target. So we're well balanced. I think if you look at the resilience in terms of the overall company and we're still growing earnings through a time when there's some real challenges and pressures out there. So there's some real strength in having the ability to select from a number of different industries that have different attributes. And then on the recurring revenue, I think we're very comfortable in businesses where we have great recurring revenues with the Food Equipment with service and equipment, but we also have other businesses where we're largely playing one side or the other. Automotive is an all consumable business. I think again, it goes back from our standpoint to the margin profile and how differentiated those businesses are, how well they fit our business model. And we have no sort of requirement around trying to mix recurring versus nonrecurring as much. So we want to be in industries where the products we make really do something meaningful for the customer and are areas where we can really do something unique and special for those customers.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thanks. I appreciate the color. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, guys, good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to ask you on the Automotive business, your European exposure. Can you talk about who your largest OEMs are there? And do you have any exposure to VW? And what's your outlook or your assessment of what might happen in the automotive sector in Europe going forward?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, they are – VW's a customer. It's a nice relationship. It is not a dominant relationship by any stretch, and any share loss there. We're pretty broad based among all the globals, so to the extent they have run into some – there's some things that happened as a result of what's going on right now, we're certainly well positioned to the extent other OEMs pick up any share that they lose. I think we're pretty agnostic, overall.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, can you just talk a little bit about Welding and Test & Measurement, your long-term growth targets for those businesses? Are those under review right now? Are you still confident that you can grow those businesses as you thought you could two years or three years ago?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think we still like the fundamentals a lot. We've talked about Welding in the past. That's a business that we've grown at right around 9% organic compounded since the early 1990s when we got into the business, and whether from here forward that's 7% instead of 9%, we'll see as we go forward; but I think we have a lot of conviction in the fundamentals there. And likewise on Test & Measurement, there's some positions we have there that are really tied to global manufacturing – in quality in global manufacturing that on a long-term basis we still believe very much have the potential to generate organic growth at or above the overall Enterprise target. So I think we're still very bullish on the long-term prospects in both. I think this currency – this short-term change in relative currency rates, as you would expect it, to the extent you're a U.S. manufacturer exporting any meaningful percentage of your output from your plant, either that's gone to Europe or you're worried about it going to Europe. So I think there's a lot of sort of logic around the fact that the spending environment right now is very sluggish. And I think, frankly, on the European side, there's enough surplus capacity over there where you're not seeing that investment pick up, yet, given the kind of recessionary environment they've been in for the last two years or three years. So all that will shake out over the next 12 months or 18 months, and I think we'll be certainly seeing much better performance from those two businesses. Both are – look at the margin profiles. You can barely differentiate it; great niches in great industries. So we'd love for them to be doing better right now, but we're certainly not any less enthusiastic about their fit and their ability to perform for us at a high level long term.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate it. I will turn it over. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of David Raso of Evercore ISI.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Hi, good morning.
Operator: Your line is open.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thank you. Just a quick question, trying to think of the parameters around the balance sheet usage in cash flow; obviously been drawing down the shareholder equity a lot the last couple years. It's been cut in half. The net debt is obviously up a bit as well. So I look at net debt to capital of 37%, but that said, your net debt to EBITDA – trailing EBITDA is only 1.4. When we think about use of balance sheet, maybe even above and beyond, obviously, just using the cash flow, what are the parameters we should be thinking about where you start to get a little uncomfortable with the leverage, either be it debt to cap or trailing EBITDA? Just give us some views around cash flow (45:23)
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think, Steve (sic) [Dave], I'll go back to what we said earlier is that, as you pointed out, this is a company and a business model that generates a lot of cash. I think we are very comfortable with our current leverage at 2.3 times debt to EBITDA. It supports a really strong top-tier credit rating; gives us access to credit at very favorable terms under current conditions. And it still gives us some flexibility in terms of being opportunistic around the things we talked about, which is M&A as well as share repurchases, which obviously we've leaned in to quite a bit, as you mentioned. So I think we're certainly not nervous when we run these scenarios in terms of what a recession might look like and the performance of the company. As you know, we generate even more cash flow in a downturn, and so we feel very good about where we're at in any scenario here with our current capital structure. And going forward, as we said earlier, we'll continue to be very disciplined in terms of capital allocation.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: I guess more pointed, though, I'm not necessarily even looking at the downside scenario. I'm just thinking if you're looking to utilize the balance sheet, maybe add a layer to the story here that 2017 on the margin improvement isn't that far away now, right? So (46:51)...
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, okay. I mean, I think, as you see – what will certainly happen, if you look at our overall debt levels will continue to go up as our EBITDA grows, right, if that's what you're trying to get at. And so, we're very comfortable with that and at this point we don't have any plans to, here in the third quarter, change the way we think about our capital structure and that we're comfortable with the leverage we have on a gross and on a net basis. And we review it frequently and, if things change, we'll certainly keep you updated on that; but for now, I wouldn't expect any significant changes.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: So just think of it as – and you were using total debt, I was using net debt, but the idea's whatever leverage you have now, just think of that as how you'll look to run the business over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think that's a good way to think about it. Yes.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: That's helpful. Thank you.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Steven Fisher of UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Scott and Michael, you both mentioned that you're on track to hit your 2017 performance goals. Should we assume that that still includes 200 basis points of organic growth above global GDP? And if so, how much of that outgrowth do you expect to come from your end markets growing faster than GDP versus your internal initiatives?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the answer to the first part is yes, and the answer to the second part is it's our business is outgrowing their underlying markets. So we've got, in the markets that we are operating in across all seven of our businesses, in every case, we think the fundamentals in terms of are they at least GDP growers at the market level? Absolutely. Some will certainly grow faster than others. But the real work is on the positioning that we've been doing the last couple of years to get in front of the highly differentiated pieces of these larger global end markets and position ourselves to really leverage these highly differentiated positions with additional penetration. So Auto's a good example, Food Equipment's a good example and also crank up the new product pipeline, which is what we've been in the process of doing for the last 12 months or 18 months. So we're going to generate that result more from us growing faster than the underlying markets that we're in, if that – hopefully I'm saying that clearly – than we're trying to pick markets that we think are going to grow faster than GDP.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I was just trying to get a sense of whether you're assuming that you have some sort of confidence that your markets are not going to be declining, that they'll maybe be at least kind of flat; because I would expect (49:45)...
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think that was a big part of our portfolio review going back to the beginning of this Enterprise Strategy is we wanted to be in – we didn't want to certainly be investing in markets where there was just fundamental pressure in terms of shrinking – pressures on the underlying markets. And I think across all seven businesses, we feel really good that we're in industries that have certainly some really solid long-term support in terms of growth rates of at least GDP. Some of them may be a little bit better over time. And then our job is to grow faster than the underlying market growth rates.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then North America has slipped into a decline year-over-year, as you mentioned, due to the industrial side. What indications or signals do you receive from your businesses about the direction of North American demand broadly? I mean, should we be assuming that the industrial side and maybe some tougher comparisons are going to keep North America in negative territory for a few quarters or can that flip back around?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think so. I think ultimately right now, we're going through the year-on-year comps, the underlying demand rates, if you break it down to kind of daily average order rates, even in the industrial businesses have been relatively steady now for two and a half quarters. So I think, at a minimum, we take – next year, we take the negative away of the contraction. We're not necessarily seeing anything yet that's saying it's going to start to turn the other way. But certainly the declines this year, and Michael talked about even we're running into some comps in the Q3 and Q4 where we actually had pretty good performance in those businesses last year on a relative basis, that is on a year-on-year percentage comparison probably making it look like it's getting worse, but underlying the demand has been pretty flat. So I think things seem to be holding pretty steady right now, and as we move into next year, the comp issue goes away and if nothing else, if we're flat instead of down 10% in the industrials, obviously that's a net positive and we keep the commercial side going. There's another, as Michael said earlier, 60% of the company growing at right around 5% gross. And then we get at least 0.5 point pickup from the decline in product line simplification. So I think if things hold where they are, we're in a pretty good spot to start to see some positive movement on the top line next year, organically.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. My question is in Test & Measurement. I think in your presentation, you called out the purchase accounting charges. I wonder if you can help us quantify those. And do you see any of those recurring in the fourth quarter?
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We had a bit of an industrial accident. Could you repeat the – we missed the second half of your question. Sorry.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Yeah. Do you have purchase accounting charges in Test & Measurement? How much were they this quarter, specifically, and next quarter do we get (53:10)?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah so I think if you go to, well, the last page, the appendix page in the earnings slides, you'll see that we lay it out for each one of our seven businesses, and also at the total ITW level. And so you can see there, Test & Measurement/Electronics, 410 basis points, and then the other significant one due to recent acquisitions is Polymers & Fluids. So if you add that back, that's 490 basis points. And at the ITW level, there's 180 basis points here of non-cash charges included in the operating margin of 22.7%. Over time, as we amortize the intangibles, that will go down. Q4 will be a lot like Q3, but over time, over a longer period of time, you would expect that impact to continue to go down, as it has done this year. So that's a good way of looking at it.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Okay, great. And then sticking with Test & Measurement, you mentioned that these businesses were part of a global capital spending cycle. I wonder if you could tell us where you think we are? Are we bottoming out now? Or is it similar to some of the other industrial, where – that you should be steady and easier comps as we head to 2016?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think Scott gave you kind of the broader view of that. I would just – tying it back to the guidance, I mean, as you know, we assume current demand levels with some adjustment for seasonality, so we're not expecting, in the near term, a pickup in the CapEx cycle. On the other hand, we're also not expecting it to further deteriorate, from – when we look at current revenue per day inside these businesses, that's what we're using to project forward, so hopefully that answers your question. Now, I will just make the point that since you asked about Test & Measurement, that business was up 5% in the year ago quarter, and the comparisons get a lot easier here in the fourth quarter, so you wouldn't expect as steep a decline in Q4 as you saw in the third quarter for Test & Measurement and Electronics.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Eli Lustgarten of Longbow. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you very much. A quick question on the guidance change. Can you indicate, when you took down the top line and the earnings of where it's impacting the numbers, I mean can you give an idea what changed to cause you to take down the guidance fourth quarter? I know it's a current business run that's going on, but can you give us some indication of what across the board changed? Or anything specific cause the change? And whether – if it continues into the first half, are we going to be talking 2016, first half – second half comparison to the first half will be continuing a weaker run rate and then have some improvements as the comparisons get easier?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so the guidance change for Q4 is pretty straightforward. So it's basically when we update the revenue for the current demand levels, that leads to a lower revenue number, and applying a decremental margin to those revenues leads to $0.08 of EPS impact, and so if you look at the...
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Where is that? I understand the current run rate, but is that broad based across all the businesses or is there something specific that changed that causes the reduction?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, that's broad based across the business. Every business we look at it the same way and then at the enterprise level, it adds up to a lower organic growth rate, and then with the decremental margin on that, that's the $0.08. So that's really the only change here. As you'll see, currency gets a little bit easier here in Q4 and then hopefully next year, we won't have as much headwind on currency next year. Certainly at current rates, that's the case, and so that will help out next year. But again, we're not ready to talk about demand in 2016 and organic growth in 2016 yet. We'll have to save that for our Analyst Day in December.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I guess what I'm looking at, if you're adjusting the things downward in the fourth quarter, I mean, it's unlikely to have much of a change, at least in the first part of 2016. So I mean the emphasis of growth has to be back-end loaded. That's really what I'm asking for next year.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not necessarily.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: All right. I look forward to December 4. Anyway, thank you.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning. First, just on inventory conditions through the channel and general assessment on kind of how lean those inventories may be and whether or not, as destock has been an issue over the course of the year, whether you see that starting to ease or you have line of sight into when that eases.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, in the business where we go through distribution, we don't have a really good handle on inventory levels across our very fragmented customer base, and so I don't think I have a good answer for you on that one.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then maybe I guess shifting over and as you talk about the business on the industrial side and the consumer side, if you can talk about price trends within those kind of two splits of the business. And whether or not maybe the consumer side in holding up, you've seen some pricing there that's been (59:23) offsetting any recent pressure on the industrial side.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, there's really no significant difference. I mean, again back to what I said earlier with – the big driver of price here is new products that get launched that solve some pretty challenging problems for sophisticated customers, and then you see that – Food Equipment's a good example and Automotive and others. That's really the main driver of price here. And it's very similar trends across industrial-facing and consumer-facing businesses as we sit here today.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Ernest Scott Santi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. And that concludes our time right at the top of the hour today. Thanks everyone for joining us. And we'll look forward to talking to you all real soon. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President, Investor Relations Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. This call is also being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I will turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Aaron Hoffman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President, Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, Madison. And good morning. Welcome to ITW's second quarter 2015 conference call. Joining me this morning are our CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss our second quarter financial results and update you on our earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2015 third quarter and full-year as well as other forward-looking statements identified on the slide. We refer you to the company's 2014 Form 10-K and first quarter 2015 Form 10-Q for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. In the face of a fairly unprecedented combination of currency translation headwinds and contracting demand in two of the company's highest growth core businesses, ITW delivered another solid quarter of execution with earnings per share of $1.30, an increase of 7% over the last year. Excluding the $0.12 negative impact of currency translation, our earnings per share would have been up 17%. Operating margin in the quarter was up 80 basis points year-on-year, and operating margin of 21.3% was a new all-time record for the company. In addition, after-tax return on invested capital reached our Enterprise Strategy target of 20% plus. Despite the current challenges associated with the external environment, we continue to focus on and invest in our strategy to accelerate organic revenue growth across the company. In the first half of 2015, we invested roughly $300 million in our businesses, as we added capital equipment to expand capacity, launched new products, and continued to simplify our businesses in order to focus them on their largest and most compelling growth opportunities. Our pivot and focus to organic growth is already delivering solid above-market growth in our Automotive OEM and Food Equipment segments, and we saw nice improvement in the organic growth rate in our Construction segment this quarter. As a result, we now have three of our seven segments growing organically in the mid-to-upper single-digit range. Revenues in our Welding segment and Test & Measurement platform were down significantly in Q2, Welding down 6% and Test & Measurement down 7%, as both businesses are seeing contracting demand from the oil and gas sector and the continued soft capital spending environment for industrial equipment more generally. Both of these businesses have traditionally been among ITW's fastest and most consistent organic growers, and we believe that the long-term fundamentals for growth and profitability in both of these businesses remain very strong. As a result, we continue to invest to ensure that they are well positioned to return to their historic growth rates as conditions in their end markets improve. As we wrap up the second quarter of 2015, we are also at the halfway point of our five-year Enterprise Strategy. And while we have a lot of work left to do, we've made substantial progress in executing our strategy to position ITW to deliver solid above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns on capital. We've divested over 30 businesses including two full segments in conjunction with our portfolio strategy to focus the company exclusively on businesses that have strong and sustainable differentiation attributes. Our business teams are currently executing the product line level component of this strategy through our product line simplification initiative. As a result, ITW today has a much more differentiated set of businesses with better overall earnings quality and significantly higher organic growth potential. As an aside and as an illustration of the significantly higher overall level of quality of the ITW business portfolio, last year, ITW's operating income of $2.9 billion was an all-time record for the company. The prior record of $2.8 billion was set in 2012 when the company's revenues were $3.4 billion higher. So in other words, last year, we made more money than we ever had in the history of the company and revenues that were $3.4 billion lower than the prior record. Our focus now will increasingly turn to leveraging this much higher quality business portfolio into accelerated organic growth. Activities associated with business structure simplification are starting to lessen with significant incremental benefits still to come. Strategic sourcing is now fully embedded in our operations and delivering consistent above-plan benefits. Organizationally, as the effort and attention required to mobilize, execute, and support these initiatives winds down over the next 18 months, we will be increasingly able to shift our focus towards leveraging our much more highly differentiated portfolio and to accelerate organic growth. Since we started executing on the Enterprise Strategy two and a half years ago, we have expanded operating margin and ROIC by more than 500 basis points, and we remain solidly on track to meet or exceed our 2017 performance goals of 23% operating margin, 20% plus after-tax ROIC, and organic growth of 200 basis points above global GDP. I'll now turn the call over to Michael. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. Let's get started with the financial summary on page four. EPS for the quarter was $1.30, an increase of 7% versus prior year, and came in at the high end of our guidance range, driven by better margins and favorable currency relative to the exchange rates assumed in the guidance we provided on April 21. On a year-over-year basis, currency was a $0.12 headwind, and on a constant currency basis, EPS growth would have been 10 points higher at 17%. Softness in the capital spending environment in oil and gas end markets in our Welding and Test & Measurement businesses resulted in essentially flat organic revenue, which was offset by record margin performance as Enterprise Initiatives again contributed 100 basis points of operating margin expansion. Revenues were $3.4 billion, up 0.2% organically after the expected 1% impact from product line simplification. Positively, we saw continued strong organic growth performance from our Automotive OEM and Food Equipment segments at plus 6% and plus 4% respectively, and a nice acceleration in our organic growth rate in Construction of plus 6%. I'll cover the segments in a little bit more detail in a few slides. Cash generation continues to be very good, free cash flow at $384 million, 80% of net income, and we remain on track to meet or exceed our target of 100% for the year. On capital allocation, we invested approximately $180 million in share repurchases and are on track for $2 billion for the year. Also really good progress in the after-tax return on invested capital, now solidly above our long-term target of 20% plus. In summary, excellent execution of our Enterprise Initiatives continues to deliver strong financial results in a challenging capital spending environment. Turning to revenue by geography on page five, organic revenue was up slightly in North America and international, and up 1% excluding the impact of product line simplifications. Our businesses in EMEA continued to do well. EMEA was up 2% with another quarter of double-digit growth in Automotive OEM. Asia-Pacific was down 3% due to Welding and Test & Measurement and Electronics partially offset by growth in Construction Products and Polymers & Fluids. China, which represents approximately 5% of total revenues, was down this quarter 2% due to Welding's oil and gas business. Our Automotive OEM business, however, was up 8% and continues to outperform the underlying market. Overall, strong organic growth in three segments with Automotive, Food Equipment and now Construction Products joining the mix, offset by softer demand in our Industrial equipment businesses, Welding and Test & Measurement. On page six, operating margin performance continues to be excellent with 21.3% this quarter being an all-time high for the company and 80 basis points better than last year. Operating margin improved in five of our seven segments with Food Equipment up 250 basis points, Construction up 170 basis points, and Polymers & Fluids up 130 basis points. Welding was down slightly and Specialty was down 70 basis points on a tough comparison versus prior year. On the right side, you can see the key drivers of margin expansion this quarter with Enterprise Initiatives the primary driver with 100 basis points of positive impact as expected. Price/cost was favorable 20 basis points, and other was a slight headwind due to a project in Specialty Products last year that did not repeat this year. As you can see, 150 basis points of margin expansion in the first half as we target to exceed 21% operating margin for the year. Let me just point out that while first half revenues are down more than $500 million, operating income is essentially flat and EPS is up 13%, 23% on a constant currency basis. And so, overall, a lot of good things going on in terms of execution on so-called self-help in an external operating environment that remains challenging and somewhat uncertain. Turning to page seven, we get into the segment results. And on the left side, we listed organic growth by segment for the first half of 2015. You can clearly see the three segments growing solidly at 6%, 4%, and 4% year-over-year, and you see the impact of the soft capital spending environment on our Welding and Test & Measurement and Electronics segments. As Scott said, our Welding and Test & Measurement businesses have historically been strong above-market growth businesses. In fact, from 2010 to 2014, both businesses grew organic revenue at a 6% CAGR. As we've discussed previously, Specialty Products and Polymers & Fluids are still impacted by a significant amount of product line simplification. Now let me give you some additional color by segment starting with Automotive OEM. Automotive OEM continues to leverage ITW's unique approach to innovation and drive product penetration gains for strong organic growth. As you can see, organic revenue in the second quarter was up 6% on flat worldwide auto builds. By geography, Europe continued to outperform with double-digit revenue growth; and in North America, the business was up 5%, again solidly above 2% auto builds. And in China, organic revenues grew 8%, outperforming auto builds also. Operating margin improved 80 basis points to 24.5%. In our Test & Measurement and Electronics segment, organic revenue declined 5% in the quarter. Organic revenue in Test & Measurement declined 7% due to the previously-discussed impact of the softer capital spending environment. And the Electronics business was down slightly at 3%. Operating margin for the segment increased 90 basis points to 16.1% in the quarter or 20.1% excluding the intangible amortization. In the appendix, we included the schedule with a margin impact of amortization expense from acquisition-related intangible assets by segment and in total. Food Equipment organic growth was up 4% with North America Equipment up 9%, driven by new products and penetration gains in warewash, refrigeration, and cooking. Internationally, Equipment revenue was flat on a tough year-over-year comparison. Good performance in Service as revenues grew 5% in North America, 3% internationally. The segment's operating margin of 22% was 250 basis points higher than the prior year period, driven by strong execution of Enterprise Initiatives and growth from new products. In the Polymers & Fluids segment, still a significant amount of product line simplification in the quarter, as organic revenue declined 2% while operating margin expanded by 130 basis points. Polymers was down 3%, Fluids & Hygiene was down 2%, and Automotive Aftermarket was flat. Turning to Welding, this segment is clearly being impacted by softer demand on the equipment side, which represents two-thirds of the business. In addition, there is a fair amount of product line simplification this quarter, and as you can see, organic revenue was down 6%, as operating margin remained essentially flat above 26% and solidly best-in-class. As expected, demand for equipment in oil and gas related end markets remained soft in the quarter, very much in line with Q1 run rates. And in addition, the commercial business and the industrial businesses were impacted by the soft capital spending environment as well. On slide 10, the Construction Products segment exceeded top line growth expectations this quarter with organic revenue growth of 6%, the highest growth rate in four years. North America is about 40% of the segment and led the way, up 15% with growth in all end markets particularly renovation and remodeling. Asia-Pacific increased 3% for the quarter, and Europe was down slightly, as strength in the United Kingdom was offset by softness in Continental Europe. Operating margin came in at 19.9%, an improvement of 170 basis points. In Specialty Products, organic revenue was down 3% due in part to product line simplification. North America was down 5%, and International was down 1%. Operating margin fell slightly, but was still very good at 23.5%. So that wraps up the segment discussion and now I'll turn to the outlook for the balance of the year on slide 11. As you saw this morning given the strong EPS performance in the quarter, we're raising our full-year EPS guidance by $0.05 at the midpoint. We now expect full-year EPS of $5.07 to $5.23, which is 10% growth at the $5.15 midpoint. As a reminder, EPS for the year would be up 18% on a constant currency basis. Based on current demand trends, full-year organic revenue growth is expected to be approximately 1%, up 2% excluding the impact of product line simplification. As you know, PLS remains a 1 percentage point drag throughout 2015 and then moderates starting in 2016. Total revenue is expected to be down 6% as a result of currency, which creates a 7% headwind at current exchange rates. We clearly expect that slightly lower revenues will be offset by record margin performance. Its operating margin remains solidly on track to exceed 21% for the full year, and it's worth pointing out that in spite of a 6% or $850 million revenue decline, we're on track to set a new record for operating income dollars this year. In terms of capital allocation, we continue to invest aggressively for growth, pay an attractive dividend that grows in line with earnings over time, and as I said earlier, we expect to invest approximately $2 billion in share repurchases with $1.8 billion completed to-date. Turning to the third quarter, we expect EPS to be in a range of $1.32 to $1.40, up 6% in the midpoint with $0.11 of negative impact from currency assuming current exchange rates. We expect organic revenue growth to be flat to up 1% and we should achieve record operating margin of approximately 22% as Enterprise Initiatives deliver 100 basis points of margin expansion. So that summarizes the quarter and our guidance for the balance of the year. As you can see, the operating teams continue to execute well in a challenging external operating environment. And we remain solidly on track to meet or exceed our 2015 and 2017 performance goals as we continue to focus on and invest in our strategy to accelerate organic revenue growth across the company. So with that, let me turn it back over to Aaron.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Michael. We'll now open up the call to your questions. Please be brief so as to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question. And remember one question, one follow-up question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Mr. John Inch with Deutsche Bank. Sir, your lines are open.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Can I start with PLS? How, Scott and Michael, do you have confidence that PLS is working and that there is going to – this is basically going to incite underlying growth, call it starting – or improved underlying growth starting in 2016? I mean, plus it's a bit of a black box, so could you just tell us, because obviously growth is probably investors' number one concern with you right now, not Enterprise Initiatives that are clearly working. So how does the PLS – how do you have the confidence PLS as it dissipates will incite better underlying growth?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, absolutely the elimination of the negative is the obvious first part of that, right. So the whole point of PLS is really around the idea of simplification, and embedded in 80/20 is a real strong discipline around focusing on the relative handful of product lines and customers that really can drive growth. So the PLS that we're doing now is a collection of 15 years of aggressive acquisition. So we're going through now – 50 to 60 deals a year, we're going through now and really simplifying our businesses, consolidating our focus on our best growth opportunities from a product line in an end market and customer standpoint. It's not something that's new to the company but certainly it's something that's new in terms of being done at this level across the company all at once. The end result is that we eliminate the distractions both from the standpoint of operational distraction from the standpoint of distraction to the focus of our sales teams, marketing teams. So the growth agenda and the growth focus becomes very clear. PLS by itself doesn't create growth, but what it does is create a high degree of focus on the best growth opportunities we have, and we still then have to execute on that. But the elimination of that complexity, we have a lot of conviction about the fact that that's a really important step in this process.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Would you expect, Scott, some sort of a multiplier effect? So in other words, if it's dragging by one, you don't simply add one to future growth. The focus allows you to get a little bit better? I'm not trying to be leading, I am just...
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no. Absolutely. We expect to accelerate organic. We expect to be an above-market grower by 200 basis points across the company. And that's because we are focusing the company on highly differentiated positions in end markets that fundamentally have reasonable growth prospects, but we expect to be able to outperform market level growth because we are focused on driving highly differentiated solutions to end customers that have complex and sophisticated business problems.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is PLS – yeah, I was going to ask, is PLS dragging cash flow? Because you mentioned you expect cash to accelerate, I guess, based on it driving toward 100%, if not higher, for the back half. Is it dragging cash, I think, at 80% net income conversion this quarter?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, no. No, PLS doesn't create a drag on cash flow. I'd say actually quite the opposite over time. The 80% conversion is in line with our typical run rate for the first half. Same as we did last year in the first half of the year. And so we would expect it to accelerate here in the back half and we're confident that we'll be at or above our 100% target for the year.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just last, China auto, 8% is probably a relief for a lot of folks, but the question is with production rates expected in that country to come down, how are you thinking about your trends juxtaposed against your performance penetration, but then obviously slowing production rates in that market?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're talking about just auto, John, or the whole company?
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, just auto in China.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think the auto China business, it's largely a penetration story. I think we are at the early stages of sort of moving from the global OEMs – not moving from but supplementing a very strong position with global OEMs in China with an accelerating level of penetration for the sort of major domestic players over there. So I think there's plenty of runway for us. The build rates or the production rates are certainly going to have some impact overall, but we're still running high-single digits there in a market that last quarter, I think, was – the build rate was up a couple of percent. So I don't think – the macro in China is going to have some relative effect, but I don't think it's going to make it impact our overall ability to grow there over the next multiple years.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, then second half, is this going to be one for one? So for instance, if builds in China go from plus two to minus five, would that subtract seven points from your trend or do you think you do a little better or is it too granular?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's a little granular. I would say we're running 6 percentage points ahead of market, so figure five to six, I think, would be a good target.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So I know the focus is shifting to growth, but let's talk about the margins for a second because they were still really good in basically a no-growth environment. The Enterprise Initiatives are coming through. I'm just curious, as the year progresses, how are you guys thinking about price/cost? And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about that negative 40 basis point impact you saw in the other line item? Is that mostly driven by mix this quarter?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So let's start with the 40 basis points of other negative impact on margins. And it's very simply – it was a project that we completed in Specialty Products last year that didn't repeat in this quarter. So that is a...
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is a high margin project.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That didn't repeat on a year-over-year basis, and so you'd expect that drag to go away for the balance of the year. For the balance of the year, you would also expect it align with our guidance that our Enterprise Initiatives continue to generate 100 basis points of margin expansion. We have a lot of confidence around that number just given the projects underlying that in terms of our sourcing efforts and our business structure simplification projects. Price/cost was favorable again this quarter at 20 basis points, and we expect that to remain at 20 basis points favorability here in the second half of the year. We have not seen any change in the dynamics around our ability to get price. As you know, one of the byproducts of product line simplification is that your portfolio is much more differentiated, and so if anything we should have the ability to maintain our pricing if not do a little bit better. And on the cost side, I'd say on the question we talked about on the last call around material deflation as a result of crude oil and other commodities, we are still working on that. We have not seen it in the numbers yet. I think it would be reasonable to assume that we'll get some favorability in the second half, but again we're not counting on it. So those are soon to call out here and certainly not in our planning assumptions for the second half.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I would just add to that, we've got – given what we have already talked about in terms of our 2017 margin target, we've got 100 basis points of margin improvement from initiatives for another two years after this one, 100 basis points a year.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No, that's helpful.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not just the next two quarters in other words.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. No, that's helpful. I guess maybe my one follow-up and shifting gears back into the growth side and the CapEx side, can you maybe provide a little bit of color on both Welding and Test & Measurement, and specifically what's happening within oil and gas? I think your expectations last quarter were for oil and gas to be down $30 million (26:44). And then within Test & Measurement, I know it's only about $100 million of that business, but that market was also down significantly this quarter. So any color on the oil and gas and non-oil and gas trends within those two segments would be helpful.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think from an oil and gas perspective, I think the first quarter run rates held up. They probably flipped around the percentages maybe a little bit just based on whatever happened last year in terms of seasonality, so no real uptick or further deceleration either way in the oil and gas side. I think on the Welding side, what we saw in the second quarter that we didn't see as much in the first quarter is the softness in Welding expanding beyond oil and gas, and Michael talked about it in his comments that the core industrial equipment business was down 4%, 5% I think in the quarter. And even the commercial business, that has been, which is the lighter duty part of the Welding capital equipment sector, which has been a little bit more robust, was down I think 1% or 2% in the quarter. So beyond oil and gas, at least in terms of the second quarter, the year-on-year trends got incrementally negative.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. And then on Test & Measurement?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think the core business there just continues to be choppy. I think the year-on-year comps got a little worse. The non-oil and gas related end markets for our Test & Measurement equipment business in terms of second quarter were down probably mid-single-digit year-on-year. And again, no real changes in terms of run rate or demand patterns there, but more of the same.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Things are not getting better yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Andy Casey from Wells Fargo. Sir, your line is now open.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Question on the $0.05 increase to the 2015 guidance, could you help us a little bit more with the components that drove that? The organic growth went down a little bit, but everything else on slide 11 stayed reasonably constant with the equivalent slide in the Q1 presentation.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so Andy – so you're right. I mean the revenue assumption is a little bit lower for the back half of the year, but that's offset by the stronger margin performance in the back half. The $0.05 really is the $0.04 of beat in the quarter here, which is a combination of primarily currency favorability relative to our guidance and slightly better margins and so we're carrying that forward. And then as we sit here today, relative to the currency planning assumption we had in April, we have a little bit of favorability. So those things together make up the $0.05 that we raised the guidance for the year.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, Michael. And then if I look at – and I'm going to get a little picky here, but if I look at Auto OEM and Food Equipment, the operating margin was still really strong, but it softened a little bit in Q2 versus Q1. Is that a function of the shift to the organic growth acceleration or were there other impacts that caused around a 50 basis point, 60 basis point compression in the quarter?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, Andy (30:24). There's really nothing unusual in terms of the margins. I mean, it can fluctuate a little bit quarter-by-quarter, but I just...
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Based on mix shifts.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I just look at the year-over-year performance. I mean, Food 250 basis points. And if you look at the schedule in the appendix, you'll see that was on higher restructuring, so it's actually over 300 basis points excluding that. And then Automotive at 24.5% is still very strong performance. I think if you look at our peers in that space, that's approximately 3x what everybody else does in that space. So I appreciate you being a little picky here, but I really don't – I don't want to be defensive, but I think we feel very good about the progress on margins.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. David Raso with Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is now open.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Hi. Good morning. A pretty straightforward question. I'm just curious how July has started organically versus your third quarter guidance and, for that matter, even sort of the implied fourth quarter? The base growth a year ago accelerated a little bit 3Q, 4Q from what you had in 2Q?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, that's right. The comps are little tougher here, David, in the back half, so third quarter of last year, I think, was up 3.5% organically. As an aside, EPS was up 40% last year. So in July, it's in line with the guidance for the quarter. We said up in that 0% to 1% range, and that's kind of what we're seeing so far. Typically, sequentially the business in total is flat from Q2 to Q3. Auto typically is down a little bit, offset by some of the other businesses. But really nothing unusual as we go into the back half of the year. I'd say the things we just talked about, Scott talked about Welding and Test & Measurement certainly not improving and some tough comps particularly on the equipment side in those businesses. We talked about automotive China. We'll see how that plays out in terms of auto builds, but we'll outperform that market substantially, and everything else is kind of in line with what we've seen so far. And I think, David, just to add on, if you look at our guidance for the year, and the EPS of the first half of the year represents 49% of the total year and the second half is 51%, and so we're exactly in line with where we performed historically and we're not counting on an acceleration or things getting a lot better here in the second half of the year.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Yeah, I'm not trying to nickel and dime it, but as you said, usually 2Q, 3Q are roughly similar. Things don't seem to be accelerating. But you were willing to put a nickel to actually $0.06 on the midpoint increase into your guidance 2Q to 3Q, which – I mean, I'll take it, but I was a little surprised that you were willing to guide 3Q where you did, given the trends. There must be some underlying confidence on the margins...
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: ...maybe July was stronger than we thought, but now it sounds like you're going to have to get that nickel sequentially $0.06 to the midpoint of the guidance really from margins. And maybe if you can help us maybe the share count at the end of the quarter, anything to...?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The share count is 368 million. And you're right. The improvement from Q2 to Q3 is all operating margin performance. So like I said, Q3 should be another record for the company at approximately 22%, and we just did 21.3%. And so on the same revenues, I think if you do the math, you'll see that it's a very reasonable assumption.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Joel Tiss with BMO. Sir, your line is now open.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. How's it going, guys?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good, Joel.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Is there a less upward margin pressure as the PLS starts to slow down a little bit in 2016?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Less upward margin pressure? Can you clarify that, Joel?
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You're eliminating fewer and fewer negatives, so there's – it seems logical that there would be a little bit less buoyancy in the margin improvement. Or is that getting so small that it doesn't matter anymore?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're talking about a relatively immaterial amount of revenue, so I don't – the addition by subtraction is not a significant driver of the margin improvement. There're certainly some underlying costs that comes out from an operating perspective as we take the complexity out of a lot of relatively small volume SKUs. That's a normal part of our 80/20 process. So I don't think there's a whole lot of delta in terms of margin momentum around the sort of revenue impact the PLS starting to dissipate here.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And I just wondered, Scott, if you could give us a little bit more color on a couple of the drivers of the organic growth. Some new product introductions and some of the capacity that you added, just some kind of real live examples to give us a little bit better flavor.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think you're seeing it in places like Food Equipment from an innovation perspective, Automotive OEM. I mean we've talked about it before as these businesses as we have gone through this repositioning around our strategy, our seven businesses were all in a different starting point. The Auto OEM business was the most ready, sort of move through the process of streamlining their structure, developing a sourcing capability, simplifying their product offerings, and you're seeing coming out the other side in their performance. An example of what we think – to certainly higher or lower percentages overall, the way that we're ultimately positioning the entire company to operate. So in terms of the investments there, we're investing heavily in R&D, we're investing heavily in capacity. This is a business growing high-single digits, so we are investing ahead. It's also a business where we have a three-year out time horizon, so we have a pretty good runway there. So we are investing and supporting that growth rate in terms of capital equipment and what are the next innovation programs beyond the current three-year horizon. Food Equipment is another one that's now starting to come out the other side, 9% equipment growth in North America in the quarter. Service business up mid-single digits worldwide and that's being driven by both focus – the ability to focus on their best, most competitive positions, most compelling growth opportunities and the amount of investing they're now positioned to support and execute on those growth opportunities. Construction started to come out the other side at least as it relates to North America, so there's no secret in terms of what we're doing here other than we've got some – we're in some really good industries. We're in product offerings in those industries that are highly differentiated that solve real meaningful problems for customers and we expect the acceleration to come from an ability to really focus on fully leveraging those opportunities, and that focus increases as we're having to spend less time inside those businesses doing things like PLS, developing sourcing, divesting businesses, et cetera. So that's really the glide path we're on.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then just, Mike, real fast, I don't know if you answered why the free cash flow was down $100 million in the quarter, and if you could just give us an update on the timing of reducing debt as the share repurchase starts to get toward the end?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think if you look at Q1, Q2 last year cash flow and this year, there were some movements between Q1 and Q2 related to the IPG divestiture and some of the tax payments associated with that. If you normalize for that, like I said, for the first half of the year, this year we converted 80% of the income to cash, exactly the same number as what we did last year. And so it's really...
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As we have done for the last (38:58)
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, that's kind of our historical run rate. And then we ramp up from here. And so like I said, we all expect and you should expect us to meet or exceed the 100% target for the year. So nothing unusual really there. In terms of – so you asked reducing the overall debt, I mean we don't have any plans to change our current target leverage ratio. We're in that 2.2 times, 2.3 times range. That's, for us, the optimal structure at this point given how much cash this business model generates, how much cash we have on hand, net leverage is about 1.5 times. That is what really supports the overall Enterprise Strategy here from a capital allocation standpoint. So there are no plans to materially change our overall debt or leverage ratio target in the near term.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks guys.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just one more comment on the free cash flow. Our second and third quarters going back for a long, long time are higher overall revenue quarters than Qs one and four. So from the standpoint of the seasonal free cash flow, in the second quarter, we're funding additional working capital around those higher elevated seasonal sales to support Q2 and Q3. And then in Q1 and Q4, those numbers come back down. So we always are sort of negative to net income from a free cash flow standpoint in the first half of the year and positive in the second half of the year. And it's just the incremental delta on receivable and inventories to support the seasonal fluctuations in sales.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is now open.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I think, Michael, you mentioned 3Q, the pickup in the midpoint is driven by the margin. And we don't have a huge amount of seasonal history with this new portfolio, so I'm wondering is that pickup driven by base cost reduction, i.e., initiatives? So is there some mix factor at play here?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. There's probably a little bit of mix. We'll see how it plays out in the quarter. The bulk of the improvement here is driven again by the Enterprise Initiatives. So we will get 100 basis points from Enterprise Initiatives and then sequentially, like I said, revenues are about the same. Year-over-year, we expect revenues to be flat to 1%. And so again, the key driver here is really operating margins in the 22% range. And you know this, Nigel. If you go back historically, same as last year and the years before, the third quarter is usually our highest quarter in terms of operating margin.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, it's a bit of a different mix too to a lot of (42:02) companies because of the shutdowns in the summer period tend to cause a little bit of operating deleverage. But I noticed last year we had the same dynamic. So I'm wondering with the new portfolio whether there's mix play. But it sounds like there's a bit of mix and a bit of operating cost reduction. And then the second is just what struck me was the geographic trends in international markets, Europe up 2% and Asia-Pac down 3%. And what really struck me was the Welding performance in EMEA, up 5%. So I'm wondering can you maybe just give a little bit of color in terms of what you're seeing in Welding Europe and how sustainable you think that is?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so I think Europe, we've talked about before, really for us as a company stabilized back in 2013, and we're quite encouraged by what we've seen and the 2% growth in the region. I think on the Welding side, this was a good quarter in Europe, which was really driven by a one-time order. We hope it's not one-time, but that's what we're hearing. So I wouldn't read too much into that in Europe. It wasn't a specific customer or specific country, so.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Well, thanks for the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is now open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So halfway through the Enterprise Strategy and, Scott, I recall that the big emphasis was there's going to be this pivot from two-thirds M&A and one-third organic to reverse that to two-thirds organic, one-third M&A. And my question is you really haven't seen M&A getting restarted, and Michael's comments on capital allocation, not one mention of M&A. And so at what point do you start to restart that M&A engine? Or do you want to recast a different percent of organic versus M&A?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I don't think – I think our intentions around this are pretty clear. We talked about it at the Investor Meeting in December in terms of first of all strategically where do we see M&A fitting in terms of the overall company's strategy. The simplified version of that is we would love to bolt great assets onto these seven great businesses that we have. The way I would describe it is we would be delighted to add a great company right now, and that's not new news. That's been true throughout. What I would say the difference is, is we're probably not as actively out in the prospecting mode around the opportunities to do that as we will be, as we get further down the Enterprise Strategy. But from the standpoint of, would we have appetite for a really good bolt-on acquisition tomorrow if we had one become available to us, absolutely we would. But the criteria is pretty strict, and it's pretty clear internally, what fits and what doesn't.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I would just add, Deane, if you look at the transactions that have taken place in our space over the last couple of years, we've got a chance to see them all, and we don't feel like we've missed anything. And as Scott said, given the right set of circumstances, we'd love to bolt something on to one of our seven segments.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So that two-thirds, one-third is still a healthy target?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. Good. And then second question would be maybe if you could provide some comments and specifics around that North American Construction number of 15%. A lot of people have been hoping, wishing that the non-res would start gaining traction. So how much of that is on the non-res side, how much is renovation, housing, and so forth? And what's the outlook?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so the big improvement, Deane, in the quarter was really on the renovation/remodeling side up – that drove the bulk of the increase, up 25%, that's what led to North America being up 15%. We did see some slight improvement in residential, up mid-single-digits. Last quarter, we talked about that part of the business being flat. And commercial was about the same, so up low-single-digits in commercial construction. Really the main driver renovation and remodeling, and we feel good about the current trends in the business.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Steven Fisher with UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: This may just be rounding small numbers, but if I assume the midpoint of organic growth for Q3, it looks like you're anticipating a bit of acceleration in growth in Q4. Is that the way you're thinking about it? And if so, where might that acceleration come from?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It's really back, Steve, to the comps. And so Q3 last year was up 3.5%. Q4 was up a little less than 2.5%. And so it's really the way we model the guidance here is based on current run rates, adjusted for typical seasonality. And so that's really what's driving. It's not an acceleration in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. It's really the comps year-over-year.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's fine. And then just a follow up on Deane's question on Construction. I know you've been fairly cautious on Construction. Obviously this was your best quarter of growth in a long time. You talked about the North American trends. Is there anything in the business that's making you think just a little more optimistically about the business broadly? And then related to the European construction, you called out some softness in Continental Europe. Was that any particular market, France or Germany or anything else?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so on the latter point in Europe, the U.K. and Scandinavia continue to be very good, and then with some challenges in France and Southern Europe as you would expect. I think we feel very good, not just about the current kind of daily order rates in the business but just look at the margin performance and the improvements since we embarked on the Enterprise Strategy. So think about how much more is flowing through the bottom line, given all the work that's been done on the Enterprise Initiatives. And so I think the team has done a really nice job positioning this business for growth, and right now we're taking advantage of some lift seen (49:05) on the end markets and we feel good about the current trends and we'll see how it plays out.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's feeling a little more like it has some legs than it has in the past, but I say that with a whole bunch of caution. I'm talking about, first of all, just North America, but we've been down this road before a number of times. So I think we'll want to see another quarter or two before we really see it, feel comfortable with the trajectory in terms of underlying end market demand. But it does seem to be a little bit more consistent at least over the next two months or three months than what we've seen historically. So we're hopeful but certainly not ready to call it yet.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Sorry to harp on the Construction again, but just another follow up question because some other companies cited some weakness in the second quarter on the construction equipment side, in particular May, and it could have been energy, it could have been weather. But I guess within your North American Construction, was the strength that you saw in North America consistent throughout the quarter or was it more, I guess, June weighted? And then I guess my second question is back to sort of capital allocation. I know you've guided for share repurchase for $2 billion in the year, but you bought back $180 million of stock back in the quarter, which is the lowest number we've seen. Given the positive or improving free cash flow generation in the back half of the year and given that there doesn't seem to be a lot on the M&A side, is there upside to the $2 billion in share repurchase if the cash flow generation is there? And if not, what will the cash go towards? Thanks.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so let's start with the first question first. So in the second quarter, same as – and this is true for the enterprise – very consistent throughout the quarter by month. June was our best month, but it typically is in the quarter. And so I wouldn't read too much into an acceleration in the quarter because we certainly did not see that. This was out of the gate really good growth on the Construction side as we talked about. On capital allocation, as you know, we did $1.6 billion in the first quarter. We did $180 million here in the quarter, so we have a commitment to do approximately $2 billion for the year. Feel very good about that, and if the company continues to perform as well as it is and nothing is going to change in terms of our view longer term of what this Enterprise Strategy will do in terms of the overall financial performance of the company. And so given that and given the alternative of letting the cash sit on the balance sheet, we will repurchase shares as an alternative to that.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All righty. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Ma'am, your line is now open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe you could give us some insight into your forecast for automotive builds by region for the back half?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so we're still in the same kind of low-single-digit type global auto builds. I think there's some seasonality here in the third quarter and some discussion around whether there will be shutdowns or not, but I wouldn't really expect much of a change in the second half versus what we have seen in the first half. So overall kind of in that low-single-digit range, which is good enough for us to grow the business in the high-single digits and in some regions like Europe, if you look at flat auto builds, we are growing the business double digits. So that's kind of what – more of the same in the back half of the year.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then on the Food Equipment side, maybe some color on the segments, institutional versus fast casual versus other sectors. What are you seeing in the segment?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think institutional, fast casual, which is – institutional is about 40% of our business. It's still very good. The growth here is not really – the end markets are not growing at 4%. I mean the outperformance here, I just want to be clear, is really the focus by the team on driving organic growth and it's the new products that are being launched and the Service business side that is performing at a higher level than what we have seen historically. So that's how I would describe it. So that's kind of the landscape there.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just one philosophical question. One of your competitors is very proud of the fact that they have hired a few ITW folks and that they're now going to become an 80/20 company. Could you just talk a little bit about the barriers to implementing 80/20? I mean, you are unique and you have been doing this for a long time. How easy or how difficult is it going to be for somebody to replicate 80/20?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I don't know what they're going to do. All I can talk about is our company and we have been applying 80/20 for going back to the mid 1980s. It is something that continually evolves. I'm not sure who you're referring to, but in general, the way we practice it today is pretty unique, and it's very different than we practiced it two years ago even in terms of the way it continues to evolve inside our company. So I guess that's all I can say.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there. Offline, I'll tell you who it is. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Sir, your line is now open.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just one quick one. I thought the Welding margin was pretty impressive given the organic growth there, and I guess it sounds like, Scott, you're telling us that Welding isn't showing any signs of recovery. So can we assume that these margins can hold in Welding or was that one sort of special item, I think, Michael might have mentioned, did that have a margin impact?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think one of the things embedded in the 80/20 process and the way we run the company is we have a very flexible cost structure, and I think – I appreciate you actually pointing that out, because I think our Welding team has done a terrific job of certainly continuing to invest in their long-term growth potential while at the same time on a tactical basis doing some really nice work, minimizing the overall earnings and margin impact on this contraction in sales that they've been seeing over the last couple of quarters. So nothing special about it other than it is core to how we run the railroad here.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Great. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Securities. Sir, your line is now open.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Most of the questions obviously have been asked at this point. Can we just step back a moment and see whether you have seen any noticeable change either in segments or regionally that you could identify for the second half of the year lookout (56:56)? I mean, you're pretty much saying everything will continue second half, first half, but is there anything noticeable? Second part to that, I'm sure this is probably because you're not big in Latin America, can you talk about your exposure there and what's going on down in that part of the world, which is (57:11)?
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we didn't call out Latin America specifically this time. It's less than 3% of our sales. It's down about high-single digits, 9%. And then most of that is driven by as you might imagine the Welding in the oil and gas business in that area. In terms of the second half of the year, anything unusual by segment or geography, I can't really think of anything to be honest with you. I think the second half will look to some extent similar to the first half in terms of top-line growth and then continued progression on the margin front and strong cash flows. And I can't really think of anything that we're different.
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I was just going to add to that, just to reinforce what you said earlier and what we've talked about along is, we're not in the business of trying to forecast economically. So our forecast is basically taking the current run rate. It doesn't mean we're being pessimistic or optimistic. We'd love for things to get better. And when they do, we're in a position to react, but ultimately we have no crystal ball out there embedded in any of our numbers expecting things to go one way or the other. That doesn't mean that we have a particular view on that. It just means that the way we operate the company that there's really no advantage for us doing that.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: And as far as this whole chaos in Greece and what's happening on, you haven't seen any real dramatic effect on business conditions across the enterprise for you guys?
Ernest Scott Santi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. I think we continue – look at the performance of the company in Europe, and I think that answers the question. Still very good, so.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Aaron H. Hoffman - Vice President, Investor Relations: And I think that takes us basically to the top of the hour. So that concludes our call. We appreciate everybody's time this morning, and we look forward to talking to you again in about three months. Great day.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Hoffman - VP of IR Scott Santi - CEO Michael Larsen - CFO
Analysts: John Inch - Deutsche Bank Mig Dobre - Robert Baird Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities David Raso - ISI Research Joel Tiss - BMO Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Steven Fisher - UBS Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Ann Duignan - JPMC Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Walter Liptak - Global Hunter
Operator: Thank you for holding. All parties will be on a listen-only mode until the question and answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. And, I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Aaron Hoffman, the Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Aaron Hoffman: Thanks very much. And good morning and welcome to ITW’s First Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Joining me this morning are our CEO, Scott Santi and our CFO Michael Larsen.  During today’s call, we will discuss our first quarter financial results and update you on our earnings forecast. Before we get to the results let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2015 second quarter and full year as well as other forward-looking statements identified on the slide. We refer you to the company’s 2014 Form 10-K for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures; a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release.  So with that, I will turn at this time over to Scott.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Aaron and good morning. Overall, a solid start to the year for the company as we delivered earnings per share at $1.21, an increase of 20% over the last year and $0.04 higher than the midpoint of our forecast. And that was despite an additional $0.03 of currency headwind versus where rates were when we issued our Q1 guidance on January 27. In the quarter we were able to deliver stronger performance despite a challenging macro environment. We continued to focus on executing and the things that are within our control and our business teams around the world continuing to do a very good job of doing just that, as evidenced by the 220 basis point operating margin improvement that they delivered in the quarter.  Q1 operating margin of 20.9% matched the all-time record high for the company set in Q3 of last year. Enterprise strategy initiatives, good tactical cost management and favourable mix as a result of our product line simplification program drove the bulk of the margin increase. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 2% gross, 1% net including the impact of the product line simplification. This was below our 2% to 3% forecast as weaker capital spending generally and the oil and gas sector specifically resulted in modest year-on-year revenue declines in our welding test and measurement in electronics and specialty product segments. Despite the current macro challenges we are continuing to invest aggressively in support of our strategy to position ITW to deliver solid organic growth with world class margins and returns on capital.  In the quarter we invested more than $150 million in capital expenditures restructuring and innovation programs. As you likely saw on our press release, we are taking our full year EPS forecast down by $0.15 to reflect foreign exchange rates. At the new midpoint of 510, full year EPS growth is 9% despite a translation impact of $0.40 negative. On a constant currency basis 15 EPS gross would be 18%; so overall a strong start for the year in a challenging environment. ITW is well positioned for another year of progress in 2015 and we remain solidly on track. The meter exceed our 2017 performance goals.  I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott and good morning. Starting with the financial summary on page 4 and Scott mentioned first quarter EPS was a $1.21, an increase of 20% versus prior year and $0.04 above the midpoint of our guidance. As expected Enterprise initiatives drove 100 basis points of margin expansion, which contributed to first quarter operating margin of 20.9% and operating income of 697 million. Also, good progress and after tax return on invested capital with an improvement of 210 basis points to 19.3%. Revenues were 3.3 billion, up 1% organically after the expected 1% impact from product line simplification.  Foreign currency translation reduced revenues by 7% resulting in total revenues declining 6%. Pre-operating cash flow was strong at 359 million, more than a $100 million higher than last year. Also, during the quarter we were able to efficiently act as about 1.1 billion of cash outside of the U.S., which helped funding buyback of $1.6 billion. Overall; solid execution in a more challenging environment and stronger margin performance offset currency and lower revenues in some of our equipment businesses.  Turning to revenue by geography; organic revenue was up 1% with growth in all major geographies except South America, which as a reminder represents less than 3% of our sales. North America was at 1% as a result of strengthened food equipment of 7% and automotive OEM of 3%. Welding and Test & Measurement and Electronics were flat, while the specialty product was down 7%. International growth was up 1%. Q1 had a tough comparison. You may recall that last year international was up 6% in the first quarter. Europe was up 1% this quarter driven by automotive OEM up 13% partially offset by declines in welding, polymers and fluids and specialty products.  Asia-Pacific was up 1% from strength in automotive OEM and food equipment, both up 5% offset by welding down 7%. China was solid and up 7% in the quarter with automotive food equipment and test and measurement on electronics all growing double digits. Overall, 2% gross organic revenue, 1% net after ongoing product line simplification activities reduced organic growth by 1%, and a mixed demand environment for some of our equipment related businesses.  Margin performance continues to be a highlight, hence the operating margin improved by 220 basis points to 20.9%, which marked a new record for a first quarter and tied for best quarterly operating margin performance ever. The margin expansion as you can see is significant across every segment. On the right side you can see the key drivers of margin expansion this quarter with the largest contribution a 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. Operating leverage was 20 basis points; price cost was also favorable 20 basis points. Finally, 80 basis points of improvement from cost management and the benefits of product line simplification for a total of 220 basis points.  So in summary significant sustainable progress on operating margin in every segment through the execution of our strategy with more to come as we work towards our 2017 goals. On this page you can see the significant progress all the business teams have made on margin improvement over the first two years of this enterprise strategy. Five segments are now at or above 20% compared to only one segment when we started and overall 400 basis points of improvement, while much work is still ahead of us, significant progress and strong execution on the enterprise strategy so far.  Also keep in mind that the reported margins for test and measurement and electronics and polymers and fluids, each include over 400 basis points of non-cash acquisition related amortization expense that will run its course over time. For your information we have included a schedule with the acquisition related amortization expense for each segment in the appendix. With that, let me provide some additional color about each segments performance in the first quarter.  The automotive OEM segment has another really good quarter as organic revenue grew 7% and significantly outperformed worldwide auto builds of 1%. By geography, Europe stood out once again with revenues up 13% driven by new products and strong penetration gains across all platforms. In North America, our growth was slightly above auto builds at plus 3% as at Detroit 3 actually declined slightly versus the prior year. In China, organic revenues grew 14% outperforming auto builds by 8 percentage points. Profitability also improved with operating margin of 25%, 170 basis points higher than last year.  In our test and measurement and electronics segments, organic revenue increased 1% in the quarter similar to the growth rate in the fourth quarter. Organic revenues in test and measurement declined 2% due to lower capital spending. And that said the largest division in test and measurement [indiscernible] was up 5% of the quarter. Electronics business was essentially flat with the other electronics platform up 2% offset by a slight decline in the electronic assembly platform.  Operating margin increased 250 basis points to 14.7% in the quarter and I already discussed the significant impact related to acquisitions. Food equipment is up to a good start with organic growth of 4%. In North America equipment was up 10% driven by new products and penetration gains in refrigeration and cooking. Internationally, equipment revenue was flat on a tough comparison. Service grew 4% in North America and 1% internationally. The segment's operating margin of 22.6% was 400 basis points higher than the prior year period driven by solid execution and lower restructuring.  In the polymers and fluids segment, organic revenue declined 1% while operating margin expanded by 340 basis points as this segment reached 20% this quarter. Fluids and hygiene organic revenue was down 5% driven primarily by softness in Europe. Polymer was up a solid 4% and automotive, half the market was flat. And as I already mentioned, there is more than 400 basis points of noncash acquisition related intangible amortization impact in these segment's margins. Welding organic revenue was down 3% this quarter as a result of weaker demand in oil and gas related end markets. About 15% of this segment's revenues go into oil and gas and that particular part of the welding business, the oil and gas part, was down 30% globally.  Excluding oil and gas, welding organic revenues would have been up about 3%. North America was flat with growth in commercial welding offsetting declines in oil and gas. International is down 13% driven primarily by oil and gas. Nevertheless, welding delivered 120 basis points of margin expansion as operating margin came in at 26.9%. The construction product segment produced organic revenue growth of 2% in the quarter and margin expanded 118 basis points to 16.6%.  North America was up 5% with growth in renovation and commercial while residential was flat. Asia-Pacific-East increased 1% for the quarter and Europe was up 1% as strength in the United Kingdom was partially offset by continued product line simplification. In specialty products organic revenue was down 6% due to ongoing product line simplification along with weaker equipment sales. North America was down 7 and international down 3. Operating margin improved 150 basis points to 22.6%.  So that wraps up the segment discussion and turning to our guidance for 2015 and the second quarter; we have updated our 2015 full year EPS guidance by $0.15 to reflect current exchange rates. We now expect full year EPS of $5 to $5.20, which is 90% growth at the midpoint or up 18% on the constant currency basis. Full year organic revenue growth is now forecast to be 1% to 2% due to a more challenging capital spending environment. As expected PLS remains at 1 percentage point drag throughout the year. And total revenue is expected to be down 5% to 6% as a result of the negative impact of foreign currency translation, which creates a 7% headwind at current rates.  Given the strong first quarter results and continued positive momentum on margins we now expect that operating margin will exceed 21% for the full year. This includes approximately 100 basis points of margin improvement from enterprise initiatives. On capital allocation for the full year we now expect to allocate approximately $2 billion with share repurchases, while maintaining our target leverage ratio. ITW's board of directors authorized a new $6 billion share repurchase program in the first quarter.  For the second quarter, we expect EPS to be in a range of $1.22 to $1.30 with $0.15 of negative impact from currency headwinds, which is $0.05 higher than what we saw in the first quarter. Organic revenue growth should be up 1% to 2% and we expect operating margin of approximately 21% which again includes approximately100 basis point from enterprise initiatives. So that summarizes our guidance and as you can see in a more challenging environment ITW continues to be well positioned to deliver another year of strong progress in 2015.  With that, let me turn it back over to Aaron.
Aaron Hoffman: Thanks Michael. We’ll now open up the call to your questions. Please be brief to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question and remember our policy of one question and one follow up question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from John Inch from Deutsche Bank.
John Inch: I just want to ask about -- kind of do a fine point on the guide. You basically sort of suggesting that the bulk of the reduction is currency and if you look at the way this sort of plays out that would proportionately hit mostly in the second quarter, but you did take organic growth for the year down and so my question is really if you could parse between what you’re seeing in terms of end markets and the context of reducing guidance second quarter versus the rest of year. Like for instance, why doesn’t the rest of the year come down further if you’re seeing systematic weakness as many companies are, so I’m just trying to understand the moving parts here?
Michael Larsen: Yes so John let me try to answer that, so the way we’ve modeled the rest of the year is based on current run-rates. And so based on what we’re seeing in terms of revenues and orders in our businesses today. So we’re not assuming that things improve from here or deteriorate from where we are today. The other point around the guide, the adjustment that we’ve made is $0.15 reduction just for currency. Here we are considering the lower organic growth rate but given the performance in the first quarter and the positive momentum on margins as well as a slight benefit from the lower share count we’re projecting that we’ll be able to offset those lower revenues with better margins, we’re guiding to 21% plus operating margin today which is an improvement from where we were in January and we’re getting a little bit of benefit from the accelerated share repurchase program in the first quarter.
John Inch: Okay so better execution really is offsetting the lower organic I think that’s what you’re --
Michael Larsen: Yes.
John Inch: I think that's more or less what you’re suggesting.
Michael Larsen: That’s correct.
John Inch: And then Michael, the share repo for the year had been tagged last quarter to 1.5 billion you actually did 1.6 billion this quarter. So the question is sort of like how are you thinking about share repurchase for the rest of the year? Are you going to be sort of front loading that and then seeing how the rest of the year plays out or would do you think consider raising some financial leverage? I’m just curious, because you obviously want to keep powder dry and I’m just curious how you’re thinking about share repo particularly against the backdrop of what clearly has been some economic softening and that just may present more favorable entry points sort of purchase your shares in future quarters that’s all?
Michael Larsen: Yes so John we’re in line with past factors, we’re not going to comment specifically on the timing of these share repurchases, but we’ve said before that our goal is to remain opportunistic as we go forward. I’d say in the first quarter the ability to access the foreign cash to the tune of about 1.1 billion is what helped fund the 1.6 billion of repurchase in the quarter which was essentially the guide that we’d given for the year. We expect to do approximately 2 billion for the year and the balance we’ll be opportunistic and we do not expect to increase leverage from here, certainly not to achieve the $2 billion. But as you know we have a strong balance sheet we generate a lot of cash with the ITW business model and given the diversity of our businesses, and so certainly we are open. But given what we’re seeing today we’re not expecting to increase our target leverage ratio beyond the 2.2 to 2.3 which is where we are right now. And we would like to be more opportunistic as we go forward for the balance of the year on the share repurchases.
John Inch: Sorry Michael just as a clarification you took your repo for the year from 1.5 to 2. You’re sort of suggesting based on that was driven by the success [audio-gap] to repatriate 1.1 billion, does that imply that you had thought you’re going to repatriate 600 but you’re able to do 500 or excuse me but you’re able to do 1.1 billion and that’s the difference or is there something else?
Michael Larsen: No that’s about right John, that’s about right.
John Inch: And did you pay tax on that repatriation?
Michael Larsen: So our tax rate for the quarter at 31% as well as for the year we’re still guiding to 30% to 31%, so we were able to do this in an efficient manner from a tax standpoint.
Operator: Your next question is from Mig Dobre from Robert Baird.
Mig Dobre: Looking maybe for a little more color on your CapEx comments I mean we know that mining and now there is energy CapEx is under a lot of pressure. But how do you think about CapEx trends more broadly outside of these three specific end markets?
Michael Larsen: I think we saw certainly soften up a bit in the quarter. I don't think it was anything overly dramatic but if you look at test to measurement and specialty in particular I think welding was largely impacted by oil and gas, there was other two segments. What I would say is in general we saw customers become a little bit more tentative about moving forward on capital expenditures again nothing overly dramatic, nothing that we can't we don't think we can power through, we go through the air, but right now the environment is certainly little choppy than it was as we ended the year.
Mig Dobre: Is it fair to say that you are starting to see hesitancy beyond these 3 end markets?
Scott Santi: I think actually surely not in for the equipment. So I think it's more for the industrial CapEx the food equipment business is much more tied to the consumer end the economy. They continue they saw there was else in the quarter continue to accelerate. There are also reaching a place from the stand point of their work through the enterprise initiative where they are how we focused on driving organic and I think you are seeing some of that progress show up. So I think we're again talking about test the measurement specialty in terms of more generalized CapEx spending softness and welding in particular which related to oil and gas.
Mig Dobre: Alright, that's great and sticking with food equipment here, as I understood from your comments you hint that potentially some share gains in North America any color their and really kind of what drove very good results their this quarter will be helpful.
Michael Larsen: We didn't hint in the share gains but sales were up 7% in the quarter in North America through a combination of as I said some continued 7% -- with the equipment are 10. Equipment up 10. overall up 7, thank you Michael and combination of continued mid product pipeline things in the market as well as a reaching the position they said earlier where they are much there in a position that really focus on driving organic.
Operator: The next question is from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey: On the industrial CapEx comments you described what you saw in North America during the quarter outside of the oil & gas sector. Specifically was there any improvement through the quarter or did it just remain choppy?
Michael Larsen: I think in general that was pretty flat through the quarter. Actually, no better or no worse in terms of January, February, or March. Right, I think this quarter was pretty—the challenges we are talking about on the capital equipment side in oil & gas showed up fairly early in the quarter and we were able to take some cost actions here as we prepare for not just the quarter but for the rest of year. But you can't certainly the price that didn't accelerate in the quarter and didn't improve in the meaningful way from the run rate that we saw earlier on.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you Michael and then is the same true of Europe and then let in somebody else ask.
Michael Larsen: You broke up a little bit. But I think this we saw the same trends essentially in Europe. Europe was a little bit weaker on the equipment side down slightly. But I think again the comps were pretty challenging. Europe was up 5% in the first quarter last year. So would be too much into that at this time. But also Europe, Asia-Pacific was really consistent as we went through the quarter.
Andy Casey: Thank you very much.
Michael Larsen: Sure.
Operator: Next question is from David Raso from ISI Research.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. On the second quarter question of the margin and also sales, on the sales it looks that the organic growth you are expecting to accelerate a little bit. I'm just trying to figure out, is that simply because comps get a little bit easier or is there something you are saying to suggest the organic could accelerate a bit?
Michael Larsen: We are sequentially, we historically we typically see an increase through the seasonality from Q1 to Q2. If you look year-over-year, we are guiding to 1% to 2% which is a little bit higher than what we saw here in the first quarter, but not significantly higher. Maybe the other way that was kind of what you’re trying to get at is if you look at our EPS for the year this positions us at the first half earnings per share at about 48% of the year and 52% in the back end of the year so not a back-end loaded plan and very consistent with what we’ve been able to deliver historically. So again we’re not counting on acceleration here in terms of organic growth other than what we typically see, we’d love to see one. We’d love to take one, we’d certainly take it, we’re ready if it comes, but typically Q2 represents an improvement from Q1 on the top-line.
David Raso: Yes I was referring more to year-over-year and I know it’s modest, but I was just curious…
Scott Santi: And what I would add to that is go back to what Michael said before the comps move around, so we were plus 5 last year in Q1 and plus 1 in Q2.
David Raso: Yes I thought that as far as probably little more comp than it is you’re not seeing the acceleration on organic. And then last one on the profitability, the last couple of quarters you have posted negative sales year-over-year but you’re able to grow EBIT year-over-year. The second quarter you’re implying sales down 7.5%, but EBIT does fall at detrimental call it 12%, 13%, 14% which still would be a good performance but just trying to understand what’s the switch from now of sales decline pushes EBIT down when the last two quarters you’re able to grow EBIT on sales decline just if there’s something changed?
Michael Larsen: Yes no I think nothing fundamentally is really changing other than this is the toughest quarter from a currency standpoint, so if you look at the impact from currency on revenues and margins as well as EPS, Q2 is the bulk of it. When you translate this into earnings per share we have $0.15 of headwind here in the – 10 in the first quarter, 15 in the second quarter and then the balance 15 remaining for the second half of the year for a total of 40, so that’s really what’s driving the outlook here for the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Tiss from BMO.
Joel Tiss: A lot have been answered. I just wondered looks like the margin progress in the second quarter that you imply seems to slow down a little bit and I just wondered if you’re seeing any challenges on really driving the kind of margin improvement going forward just because the low hanging fruit has been harvested already or is it more just currency and comparisons and shaky economy?
Michael Larsen: Actually on operating margins the things that are within our control I think the teams continue to do a really good job and we expect as we said a 100 basis points from the initiatives in the second quarter which is in line with the first quarter and in line with our expectations for the year if anything on the more technical cost management if you like so responding to what we’re seeing in some of the equipment businesses I think we’re doing a better job maybe on the discretionary cost side but I also think it’s important to point out that we’re not reducing our investment in terms of new products and restructuring and CapEx so we’re continuing to move forward with those investment plans. So it’s really I wouldn’t say that we are performing at any different on the margin side in the second quarter and the balance of the year than we have in the past and certainly if anything the progress we’ve made so far on margin expansion and we showed you the data for the last two years gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver the 23% target for 2017 so continued progress and driven by strong execution by the business teams that are focused on the things that are within our control so….
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Can you talk about your relatively strong performance in construction you’ve talked about expecting overall low single digit organic growth for the year which you delivered in the quarter but European construction turned positive I think for the first time in the year and U.S. commercial construction seems to be waiting through energy weakness, so can you talk about what you’re seeing in both the U.S. and Europe?
Michael Larsen: Yes I think overall this has been certainly what we’re seeing over the last let’s say three quarters or four quarters there’s been kind of an up and down track record both geographically and also in terms of residential versus commercial versus remodel and I think first quarter overall was pretty good. We continue to be very focused on margin improvement in construction but I think what I would say and I swore we won’t going to talk about the weather but given some of the weather in North America I think Q1 was actually a pretty solid quarter for our construction business and hopefully it sets up for some continued progress in terms of overall market demand as we move through the year.
Scott Santi: And then I would just add a comment on Europe. I mean I think you’re right we did turned positive in the first quarter and a lot of positive momentum in certain regions particularly in the UK where we have a strong position. And then our upstate as you’d expect by regions in some of the other parts of Europe maybe France, but overall good progress on margins as well on the construction side.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And then last quarter you talked about some execution of price cost getting better given lower material and oil cost and price cost did improve by 10 basis points can you talk about your ability to hold price in the current environment and then whether you expect the tailwind from lower raw material cost increase as the year continues?
Scott Santi: Yes so I think on price really nothing unusual in terms of our ability to realize price increases as well as announce according to the schedule we’ve set out, so nothing has really changed on the price side. On the potential savings from the lower oil prices on the direct material side and also on the indirect transportation cost I think our business teams are working on it really hard. We saw little bit of benefit here in Q1 particularly in chemicals and resins, but I think it may take a little bit of time to fully play itself out here and so little too early to call what this maybe for the year but we did 20 basis points in the first quarter that’s our assumption for the balance of the year and in line with what we’ve seen over the last three quarters or four quarters or so. So no change, optimistic and we’ll get more on the deflation side, but little too soon to call out a number at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from Evelyn Chow from Goldman Sachs.
Evelyn Chow: I guess first of all I just wanted to explore further your thoughts on some of the buybacks. I think I understand why you accelerated the share repurchase in 1Q, but looking for the rest of the year beyond what you have in free cash flow, I don’t understand the toggle around the decision to repatriate versus potentially lever out through buybacks?
Michael Larsen: Yes so like I said we’re -- given our business model and given our balance sheet and how much cash we generate, the current leverage ratio of about 2.2 times on a gross basis. We enjoy a solid credit rating [indiscernible] A, 2A plus, it gives actually as to credit markets on very favourable terms so we’re very comfortable with our current leverage ratio we’re not looking to go any higher from where we are today.  The decision on what to do with available cash flow is we really go through a thought process that’s in line with the capital allocation framework that we’ve discussed on several occasions, so our number one priority which consumes about 25% of our total cash flow is to invest in the business for organic growth and for productivity so this is new products restructuring CapEx and we spend more than $150 million on that in the first quarter.  We’re committed to [indiscernible] an attractive dividend and so our dividend yield is competitive or in the 2% range at this point, that’s approximately 25% of our total cash flows and so that leaves the balance which is a pretty big number for external investments and there are still acquisitions which we’d love to do under the right conditions. We’ve talked about what those are in the past and or share repurchases and some combination thereof and the decision is really made based on where we can get the best risk adjusted returns. And if you look at our share repurchase program over a long period of time we generate 12% to 13% returns with very low risk and given the visibility that we have into the performance of the company and given what we think overtime, we’ll be able to deliver in terms of total shareholder returns and so that’s really what drives that decision we committed in December to approximately 1.5 billion and we were able to do that a little bit sooner because we were able to access some of this overseas cash and we'll continue to look at opportunities to do that. We are saying approximately 2 billion for the year and let's see how it plays out and we'll keep you posted on the earnings call as we go forward.
Evelyn Chow: Okay, understood and then I guess just turning to welding for a second. Drilling down into your performance in the quarter down 3% organically, I think you said oil & gas on 30%, it's easiest comp of the year. Could you just provide maybe a little bit more clarity on your thoughts on the trajectory for the segment for the year?
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean we don't get too fancy in trying to forecast too much. Like we said we were doing current run rate basis and so if in the first quarter we were down 30% we expect that to continue throughout the year, maybe a little bit better in the second half of the year in terms of the declines on the year-over-year basis. But not really counting on things getting a lot better or deteriorating significantly from here, I think the 30% decrease is pretty significant and maybe a little bit of reaction to the changing environment on the oil & gas side and I might just that following a very strong fourth quarter in that business and so fairly maybe a little bit faster we action than what we expected and a little bit more than maybe expected. But this is our assumption for the rest of the year that this run rate will continue.
Scott Santi: [indiscernible] businesses up 3 in the quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, on the commercial side we continue to see solid demand which in North American was enough to offset the decline in oil & gas.
Evelyn Chow: Great, thank you so much guys.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, good morning. Just a follow up. I wanted to see if I can understand the oil & gas better. Is international down lot more in North America and if you are giving the North American oil & gas number, isn't international more upstream obviously [0:02:24.7] [prices] down just given the mix is in all that upstream, it's a lot bigger than we talk.
Michael Larsen: Yes, you are talking about the walling business specifically?
Rob Wertheimer: Correct.
Michael Larsen: The difference in the percentage is largely because most of our international sales in welding and oil & gas related. They are much more balanced portfolio in terms of their market exposure in North America. Participating in the same parts of the industry overall.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. So the mix international would be most mid stream downstream than upstream?
Michael Larsen: Correct. We just like to higher concentration of our international welding in international welding revenues are tied oil & gas.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect and then if I may, is there any risk of an inventory build of the equipment or what not as the oil gas side of welding was down or is it contained with an oil & gas?
Michael Larsen: I don't think there is much risk. Our part of let's go to our methodology is for 98% of our loving product portfolio, our customers ordered today and we ship them tomorrow. So in terms of their sort of reaction to the current market environment and the changes that has in terms of the demand back to us, I think it's a pretty efficient system. So I don't think we're seeing much risk around inventory build.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. I'm wondering in which segment you expect to see the biggest impact from the increase internal focus on growth this year and even if that the segment that negative, where do you expect the biggest impact to be?
Michael Larsen: I think we are we talked about this before and lot of the work that we've done over the last 2 years plus is really about positioning ourselves internally totally drive and focus in a very efficient way and organic growth. So in terms of the organizational structure of the company in terms of product line simplification work we're doing right now that's largely about cleaning the clutter out and eliminating the distractions associated with product positions that are either not as differentiated as we want to focus on are ultimately too small to matter.  So I would point to automotive and food equipment as the businesses that further down the path. I think the welding business certainly met up some of the current challenges in oil & gas is very well positioned. That's been a business that's growing organically at 9% plus for us since the mid 90's when we got in the business. So certainly we expect that one to start to accelerate as we go forward and then all of the others are at various stages on the path in terms of the [indiscernible] work needed to focus on driving organic. Constructions continue to make progress, build some big restructuring going on in Europe there, polymers and fluids was probably the most fragment that complex structure where I think getting to the back side of what they use to do really get in position to drive organic growth. So I think come a long as we've talked before this is the transition year, 16 to POS impact starts to drop considerably and I think we are in a position to but having in the next year. That's the plan.
Steven Fisher: Great and then automotive your business tour you have bit more with this facility and so the 14% growth in China in the quarter. I know you said few times that thinking about the rest of year I knew the run rate. But increase visibility and how do you think that 14% in China and goes rest of the year?
Michael Larsen: Hey, Steve. Could you re-ask that question? You dropped out in the middle of it and I just want to make sure we hear your question properly to answer it properly.
Steven Fisher: Sure. Sorry about that. I was just saying that your automotive business tends to be one where you have a bit more visibility and the 14% growth in China in quarter and I know you've said a few times today that as you think about the rest of the year for you businesses you tend to sort of just run rate. But because you have that more visibility in automotive and how do you think about that 14% growth in China over the rest of the year?
Scott Santi: I think we are well set up there, as you describe that the automotive business. What we are selling today really across the world are is a function of penetration gains that we engineered and invented and sold in going back 2 and 3 years. So I think the run rate is really solid running going through rest of this year, the pipeline is terrific in terms of future years and we continue to be very boyish and what we think we can do with this business long-term.
Operator: The next question is form Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Just two quick questions. One, I mean I know the focus largely has been more on internally igniting organic growth and share repurchase. But can you talk it all about just sort of the deal pipeline it all becoming more attractive your interest in larger versus smaller deals and what you are seeing in terms of evaluation and then I'll get back in queue.
Michael Larsen: Nothing is really, I think we're pretty clear in our December Investor Day meeting around where we see M&A fitting in terms of our overall enterprise strategy largely focused on building on businesses to our existing segments that we think can either help, support or further accelerate the organic growth rates. No magic from the side standpoint but certainly something that's comfortably in a $100 to $500 million range, in that regard. So ultimately that's opportunistic. We will access those opportunities as we find M&A come available to us. We are certainly focused right now on getting this product to organic growth firmly in place. So from the standpoint of pipeline it's we got a few things out there that are absolutely fits that we are working in terms of both answers to some of our existing businesses. But I don't expect that particularly robust from the standpoint of overall deals done.
Jamie Cook: But just to clarify, do you feel anymore I guess pressure look distort you've far exceeded I think everyone's expectations on margins and how successful you've been and the macro obviously has been a bigger head wind to more strong companies and you've done a great job. But do you feel like you could be more opportunistic? I mean to help the organic growth by doing deal at this point.
Michael Larsen: I don't think there is any change in past year or aggressive it's ultimately about how does it fit, how does it help us do what I just described and once we really not going to react on a short term basis. This is as we've laid out a 5 year plan to position the company to generate 12% to 14% TSR on a consistent basis and the big [indiscernible] is really driven by an organic finance. So that remains our focus right now. This is also 5 year plan, not a 5 quarter plan. It's all about positioning the company coming out of 2017 could be able to perform like we think again and so we're focused on making that happen and we made a lot of progress and you are kind of note that we've got lot more work to do to get where we think we can get over the next 2.5 years.
Operator: The next question is from Ann Duignan from JPMC.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning. I'm from JP Morgan. Most of my questions have been answered. Maybe just back to your comments on CapEx spending and been kind of whole through the course of the quarter. Are any of your customers and any of the segments growing concerned about the strong dollar and what's that doing to export or do you think it's just general uncertain, any color you could give us will be great?
Michael Larsen: I think the impact and export competitiveness is in my view probably driving some of the softness in CapEx particularly obviously in North America. I think there are some shifts and some adjustments that our customers are making around how this change in relative currency rates are impacting their competitiveness from an expert standpoint. So I think if they are sorting out what is likely to happen to whatever business they are exporting from North America given this change in structure geographic competitiveness. I think that's in large part driving some of the softness around CapEx.
Ann Duignan: And now you are seeing that any specific segment?
Michael Larsen: I think as we go back to TNM probably little bit on the industrial side of welding in our specialty business where which is the equipment that was largely packaging or maybe the packaging equipment.
Ann Duignan: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on share repurchase I mean your stock is trading at a significant premium to the S&P and trading inline with the large capital [consumers]. What kind of analysis do you do internally to either decide to accelerate through the purchases or hold under the cash for better opportunity?
Michael Larsen: I think I'll go back to what I said earlier is that these are long term decisions that we make and they are really based on highly disciplined approach and being very returns focused. This share repurchase program has been a terrific program for the company and certainly for the shareholders. The alternative which is holding under the cash as you know is not very attractive today and certainly relative to the share repurchase program given our recent performance and given where we believe the company is headed which we've been very public about in terms of the goals and we rate out for 2017 and beyond. We are confident that this continues to be a great way for us to allocate capital and so we're committed to the share repurchase program and we expected to continue be an active program going forward.
Scott Santi: I was there that better than the target leverage ratios we talked about earlier there is plenty of flexibility in there, opportunity come along.
Michael Larsen: Correct, yes.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I guess I was saying the more whichever consider a special dividend rather than share repurchases.
Michael Larsen: I think we look at all the options and we have not in the past done special dividends. But we'll certainly continue to look at all the options.
Ann Duignan: Okay, thank you. I leave it there. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning. Just one quick, you guys mentioned that the BSS headwinds should start to go in 2016. But I guess I'm assuming that's not really like a cliff event. So when do we really start to see that phase? Could it be in the second half of this year and then accelerate in '16 or might just being little optimistic there?
Michael Larsen: I think the question was wrong and then correct me if I'm wrong. Either BSS or PLS headwinds I'm not, can you just let me…
Stephen Volkmann: Whatever headwinds you got of from and together?
Michael Larsen: I think the game plan, there is a lot of planning around this as we've got a full year of TLS activity in 2015, it's going to represent a 1% headwind to our organic growth rate. We are not in the 16 planning but magnitude it probably drops up by half in '16 and then fully done in '17 and beyond. This is a pretty big one time event it really is linked to our portfolio strategy. So we did a lot of work. At the front of the strategy around really building the portfolio that can sort of deliver this organic growth front end that we've talked about. So 30 businesses, the best that we've 3.5 billion of revenue. This is really stage 2 of that which is now working inside all of our divisions to basically take the same approach from a product line standpoint. So we're not pruning product lines that don't need our differentiation standards or that are too small to ultimately matter. So that's this is sort of phase two of portfolio management. But we work really hard on the last year, we can work hard on this year. I think we're going to start to truly get on top of it and it will be a lesser issue certainly in '16 and should be fully completed by '17.
Operator: The next question is from Walter Liptak from Global Hunter.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks and congratulation guys on getting the margin. I've got a couple of follow on, one it is just I want a little clarity on the oil and gas in North America. Basically how much is that down you think you could be down 30%, but doesn't sound like it is and second thing is on pricing. Are the own G customers looking for price declines your margin don't suggest it. But are you trying to help your customers with lower pricing?
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Oil and gas in North America was down at the rate we talked about earlier in the 30% range and from a pricing standpoint, we are not really planning that space and that's we're big enough sort of component of what they are having to buy. We're not really seeing a lot of pricing pressure, it's more a big slow down in actually the project work their that's impacting their demand for welding products.
Walter Liptak : Okay, got it. And then follow on to the construction question. Is North American construction trending ahead of where you thought it was through the first quarter or is this inline I mean your comments of....
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think largely inline. The business was flat. We'll see how that plays out in the second quarter depending on whether remodel was up 3 and commercial was up 2 to 3 in North America. So reasonable better growth there, but I'll tell you largely inline with expectation.
Operator: There are no further questions from the phone.
Michael Larsen: Great, thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate that very much and we look forward to speak with everyone again soon.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Hoffman - VP of IR Scott Santi - CEO Michael Larsen - CFO
Analysts: Joel Tiss - BMO Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Steven Fisher - UBS
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I’d turn today’s meeting over to Aaron Hoffman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin.
Aaron Hoffman: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to ITW’s Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me this morning on our call our CEO, Scott Santi and Michael Larsen our CFO.  During today’s call, we will discuss our Q4 and full year financial results and update you on our earnings forecast. Before we get to the results let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2015 first quarter and full year as well as other forward-looking questions identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2014 Form 10-Q for the second quarter for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures; a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Santi : Thanks, Aaron and good morning. Overall, we were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year as we continued to execute well on our enterprise strategy. In the fourth quarter, earnings per share came in at $1.18, which was an increase of 28% versus Q4 of last year and $0.07 above the midpoint of our forecast. This above forecast earnings performance was driven primarily by margin performance that came in at the high end of what we expected heading into the quarter. Q4 operating margin improved to 190 basis points year-on-year with a 120 basis points of that improvement coming from enterprise strategy initiatives. Organic revenues in the quarter were up 2.3%, largely in line with our forecast with ongoing product line simplification activities reducing organic growth by roughly 1%. The quarter kept the solid year for ITW. For the full year, earnings per share increased 29%, operating income of 2.9 billion, and operating margin of 19.9% were above all time records for the company. After tax return on invested capital improved 260 basis points to 18.9%. In 2014, we made significant progress on the execution of our strategy as we simplified the company through our business structure simplification initiative and generated cost savings from our strategic sourcing initiative that exceeded our plan. We also completed the heavy lifting with regard to divestitures associated with our portfolio management initiative, while our divisions continued to be very active in refining and narrowing the focus of their business portfolios through the implementation of our product line and customer base simplification initiatives. Free cash flow was strong in 2014 and came in at 110% of adjusted net income through the combination of our strong free cash flow and divestiture proceeds. In 2014, we were able to return a record 5 billion to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and increased dividends. In summary, ITW's unique and highly differentiated business model is delivering strong results as we continue to execute our strategy. As we enter year three of our five year plan, we are well positioned to deliver another year of solid progress in 2015. I’d like to close by thanking all of our people around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and in executing our strategy.  I’ll now turn the call over to Michael. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you Scott and good morning everyone. Starting with the financial summary on page 4, fourth quarter EPS was a $1.18, an increase of 28% versus prior year. The EPS number included $0.04 of currency related headwinds versus prior year. Enterprise initiatives contributed 120 basis points of margin expansion and led to operating margin of 19.6% and operating income of 686 million. Also good progress on the after tax return on invested capital metric with an improvement of 220 basis points to 18.6%. Revenues were 3.5 billion, up 2.3% organically after the expected 1 percentage point impact from product line simplification. Foreign currency translation reduced revenues by 3.5% resulting in total revenues declining 1.4%. Cash generation was as expected with pre-operating cash flow conversion at 124%, and we allocated $800 million to our share repurchase program in the quarter. The ending diluted share count was 386 million. Overall, we’re pleased with the results in the quarter and the positive momentum going into 2015. Turning to revenue by geography, organic revenue was up 2.3% with positive growth in all major geographies. North America up 3% as a result of strength in welding up 10%, food equipment up 5%, and automotive OEM up 4%. International growth was stable up 2% with Europe up 1% driven by automotive OEM up 12% and food equipment up 5%. Asia-Pacific and South America were both up 2% with China up 4% on strength in automotive OEM, food equipment, and Test & Measurement and Electronics all up 10%. So 2.3% organic growth after the ongoing product line simplification activities that reduced organic growth by roughly 1% in the quarter.  On page 6, operating margin exceeded our expectations going into the quarter, had solid execution on the enterprise initiatives led to an operating margin of 19.6%, an increase of 190 basis points from last year. Margin expansion was broad based with six of seven segments expanding margins by more than 100 basis points in the quarter. On the right side, you can see the key drivers of the margin expansion with the largest contribution, 120 basis points from enterprise initiatives. Operating leverage was 60 basis points and price cost was favorable for a total of 190 basis points of margin expansion. So, overall solid progress in operating margin, and we continue to have significant potential to further leverage the enterprise initiatives and expand margin as we move forward. On page seven the 2014 financial summary, just a couple of the highlights to recap the year and set the stage for 2015. Earnings per share of $4.67, increased 29% over 2013 with operating margin and operating income at all-time highs. Operating margin of 19.9% improved 210 basis points with 120 basis points from our enterprise initiatives. Organic revenue growth was 2.6% and in our expected range of 2% to 3%, and throughout the year PLS reduced revenues by about 1 percentage point. Cash flow was strong with 110% cash conversion, and we returned over 5 billion to shareholders, 4.3 billion in buyback and 700 million in dividends across the key financial metrics, solid performance, and positive momentum going into 2015. Turning to the segments, let’s start with the left side with full year segment results for organic revenue growth and operating margin improvement as you can see good progress on margin improvement across the board with more run-way from enterprise initiatives in 2015. In the automotive OEM segment, another good quarter and a solid year. Organic revenue in the quarter grew 7% compared to worldwide auto builds of 1%. By geography, European organic revenues stood out up 12% with new products and strong penetration gains across all platforms. In North America, our growth was in line with auto builds at plus 4% as at Detroit 3 where we have above average content, builds actually declined 4% versus the prior year.  In China, we outperformed auto builds by 4 percentage points. Profitability also improved with operating margin of 22.3%, 190 basis points improvement from last year. We expect automotive OEM to continue to outperform auto builds in a meaningful way and this segment is well positioned for another solid year in 2015. In our test and measurement and electronics segment, organic revenue decreased 1% in the quarter primarily due to challenging comparisons in test and measurement where organic revenue declined 4%. The electronics business increased organic revenue by 5% as the electronic assembly business grew 11% in the quarter. Operating margin declined slightly due to higher restructuring in the quarter. Continuing its strong performance, food equipment’s organic growth rate of 5% was broad based across the major product categories and geographies. In North America, equipment organic revenue grew 6% driven by new products and penetration gains in refrigeration and cooking. Internationally, equipment revenue increased 6% driven by strong warewash and refrigeration sales, our service organic revenues increased 2%. The segment operating margin of 21.7% was 220 basis points higher than the prior year, so a solid year for the food equipment group and significant positive momentum going into 2015. In our polymers and fluids segment, organic revenue increased 1% and operating margin expanded by 150 basis points as this segment continues its progression to 20% plus operating margin. Automotive aftermarket had a good quarter up 2%, polymers was flat. The fluids and hygiene declined 2%. The welding segment had a solid quarter with organic revenue of 4% driven by continued strength in North America where organic revenue increased 10% due to demand in both industrial and commercial end markets. International organic revenue was down as a result of the challenging year ago comparison and continued product line simplification in Europe. Welding delivered another 230 basis points of margin expansion this quarter bringing margin to 25.4%. The construction product segment produced organic revenue growth of 2% in the quarter. Enterprise initiatives drove 190 basis points of margin expansion this quarter. And as you saw on the previous slide, construction is now at 17% for the year, an increase of 310 basis points versus prior year and well on its way to 20% plus on a sustainable basis. North America was up 8% with growth in renovation and commercial offset by decline in residential. Asia-Pacific increased 1% for the quarter and Europe organic revenue was down 4% largely due to continued product line simplification and weakness in France offset by strength in the United Kingdom In the specialty product segment organic revenue was down 3% as a 5% decline in consumer packaging was offset by growth in appliance and ground support equipment. Operating margin of 19% was 110 basis points higher than the year ago period. That wraps up our segment discussion and turning to our guidance for 2015 and the first quarter; our EPS guidance for 2015 has not changed since our December Investor Meeting. We are maintaining our annual EPS guidance of 5.15 to 5.35, an increase of 12% at the midpoint. Let me walk you through some of the key assumptions included in our guidance starting with 2.5% to 3.5% organic revenue growth in line with current run rates and what we communicated in December. As expected, PLS remains at 1 percentage point drag throughout the year. Total revenue is expected to be down 1% to 2% as a result of the impact of foreign currency translation, which creates a 4% headwind at current rates. As for 2015 operating margin, we expect enterprise initiatives to contribute an additional 100 basis points of improvement which will get us to approximately 21% for the full year.  Our guidance today reflects current exchange rates, which creates $0.25 of EPS headwind, up from $0.15 when we met in December. As we sit here today, we expect the positive momentum that we’ve generated with our enterprise strategy to offset this increased headwind. However, exchange rates remain highly volatile and we’re keeping a close eye on the situation.  The other topic likely on your mind is the potential impact of lower oil prices. As discussed at our December meeting, ITW revenues into the oil and gas industry are only in the 2% to 3% range and primarily in the welding segment. We continue to expect that any potential reduction in revenues from oil and gas related end markets will be offset by lower input cost for raw materials such as chemicals and resins as well as lower transportation and freight cost. Overall, we continue to expect that this will be a net neutral for ITW. Couple of housekeeping items includes an expected tax rate of 30% to 31% and restructuring in the range of 70 million to 80 million for the year. Finally, on capital allocation free operating cash flow conversions expected to exceed 100% and we expect to allocate approximately 1.5 billion of our free cash flow to our share repurchase program in 2015.  So for the year maintaining guidance and well positioned to deliver another year of solid progress towards our enterprise price performance goals.  For the first quarter, we expect EPS to be in the range of $1.13 to $1.21 an increase of 16% at the midpoint of $1.17. This includes $0.07 of EPS headwinds from currency at current rates.  Organic revenue growth is expected to be 2% to 3% and our enterprise initiatives are expected to generate about 100 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter.  Finally, share repurchase is expected to at least 500 million in the quarter.  In summary, the positive momentum and strong execution in ITW’s enterprise initiatives puts us in a solid position as we enter 2015. We expect 2015 to be another year of strong progress that keeps us firmly on track to deliver on our 2017 performance goals. With that, let me turn it back over to Aaron.
Aaron Hoffman: Thanks Michael. We’ll now open up the call to your questions. Please be brief to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question and remember our policy of one question and one follow up question only. So with that, let’s turn to the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joel Tiss of BMO.
Joel Tiss : Well, I usually barely make it at the end. How are you doing guys? It looks like you’re kind of reaching or you’re moving toward your 2017 goals a little faster than expected, is there more benefit you’re getting from your initiatives or do you think you’re going to finish early or I’m just trying to or you’re going to have to enhance your plans as we go down the road? I’m just trying to understand what’s going on at the operating level?
Scott Santi : Well, the way I would characterize it is, I think we’re largely on track. We did update our margin goal in December for 2017 to be in the 23% range, that’s certainly reflective of the progress generated to date and also what we see ahead in terms of additional opportunity around these initiatives, but again I think we’re largely where we expect to be executing and making progress quarter-by-quarter and still remain on track with what we’ve set out to do two years ago.
Operator: Thank you, next question is Andy Kaplowitz of Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey guys, how are you? Nice quarter. So Scott, you talked about welding a bit, you guys talked about oil and gas that is within welding, but it was up very strong 10% and we know oil and gas has been slow, but you’ve also talked in the past about it being more downstream and midstream. So, as we look at welding in 2015, can you give us a little more clarity about what you think the non-oil and gas businesses will do and then maybe have you gotten more color since the December Analyst Day on what you think oil and gas will do in the business?
Scott Santi: I would say relative to the second part of your question, we haven’t seen any real noticeable change in terms of buying behavior out the oil and gas segment to date. That certainly doesn’t mean that we don’t expect there to be some impact from that as we go forward. But on the ground in the fourth quarter, we didn’t see any significant change relative to the run rates we had from the oil and gas sector heading into the quarter.  On an overall basis for ’15, I think what we saw that was encouraging was some noticeable improvement in demand in North America through the back half of the year, given certainly the volatility of the current environment, I don’t know that we have anything that we would say is leading us to believe that that won't continue as we go forward, and so I think we’re pleased with the momentum that’s been building there and expect it to continue at a moderate level through ’15.
Andy Kaplowitz: And Scott let me back up to your last response and just ask you in general, you mentioned the volatility of the market, you can see some of the other guys report on what they’re doing. But you guys have been doing pretty well, it looks like Europe is holding up for you, but it’s pretty heavily weighted towards your auto outperformance and the food equipment. So is there a way to characterize what you see in the different geographies, specifically Europe and U.S., did you see any change in order patterns throughout the end of the year last year and as you started here in January or is it sort of just steady as you go and we can expect the outperformance that we usually get from ITW?
Scott Santi: Well, the answer to that is, we really haven’t seen any change I think, from an overall demand standpoint, Q4 I think things held up pretty well right in line with our expectations certainly consistent with Q3 run rate. So, as we’ve talked before, our planning is built on demand that we’re actually seeing on the ground, and as it relates to Q4, things held up pretty well certainly on track again with expectations and consistent with Q3 run rates.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay, and throughout Europe as well and major businesses.
Scott Santi: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Good morning and nice quarter, I guess a couple of questions, one within the construction products division, the North America up 8% driven by renovation and commercial was encouraging. You guys have been less optimistic on commercial construction. So can you sort of talk about any change in your outlook, does this get you more excited in what you think potentially, the effect of energy is on the construction business?  And then my last question just I am sorry if I missed it, what is your assumption on sort of price cost with -- you talked about some of the tailwinds that you could from resin chemicals, et cetera. Has that changed relative to your December outlook meeting? Thank you.
Scott Santi: So let’s start on the construction side. So if you look at the total segment, we were up 2% in line with what we’ve done really throughout 2014. And so, we’ve been growing in the low single digits in the construction segment, and we’re not expecting things to improve much as we go into 2015. Certainly, there are some encouraging headlines but that is -- we're not counting on it as we go into 2015. North America was up 8%, we saw some strength in renovation, some slight growth on the commercial side and then a decline in residential. So, I wouldn’t get too excited about the number of North America 8%. We expect this to continue kind of along with the run rates that we saw in 2014, so low single digit type growth is how we would characterize the construction in North America with some optimism given some of the headlines. On the price cost side, we had 10 points of favorability in 2014. That is still our base assumption for 2015, but clearly as we’ve talked about the impact of lower crude oil prices and what that may mean to our purchase of chemicals, resins, certainly our transportation and freight costs, we would expect as those savings come through to see an improvement in our price cost metric. For now, we are holding on to the base assumption here at 10 basis points favorable and we’ll keep you posted as we go through the quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey: Good morning everybody. A question on -- it’s kind of a specific question, but in North America did you see any benefit in any of your business from the late passage through the Section 179?
Scott Santi: No I think as we went through the quarter here really this behaved in line with our expectations. We had a strong finish in December but we always do. And so there was really nothing unusual about the fourth quarter as it unfolded.
Andy Casey: Okay, thank you. And then as you look at polymers and fluids going through 2015, are you expecting full year pretty consistent impact from PLS initiatives or does that taper off as you go through the year?
Scott Santi: Well, I think that -- as it relates to that segment specifically they have been doing some real heavy lifting with respect to PLS and are getting close to -- getting through the end of that process. So we would expect that to start to dissipate here as we move through ’15.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ajay Kejriwal of FBR Capital Markets.
Ajay Kejriwal: Thank you. Good morning. Scott just maybe on the enterprise initiatives I know you gave [a lot of] [ph] detail at the December meeting. Maybe an update on BSS in terms of what are some of the major items things that you’ve been looking to achieve in the course of this year?  And then also on sourcing does the recent moves in commodity pricing that has held that how you think about the sourcing gains during the course of this year?
Scott Santi : Ajay the connection was a little static so I’m going to -- I think the questions related to some commentary around where we with respect to BSS execution and the second is around sourcing impact relative to lower energy prices and the impact those might have on commodities. Regarding BSS I think we continue to make good progress. I have been very pleased with both the quality and the pace of execution and this is, there has been a lot of moving parts inside the company in support of this initiative and our mantra from day one with our divisions was that we had a lot of important work to do but ultimately we’re going to do that in a way that didn’t impair our ability to serve our customers or deliver for our shareholders throughout and I think we largely been able to sustain that from day one. It is a five year process not a -- and we’re certainly heading into the year three of that. I think organizationally we've got the organizations that we want in place but we’re still doing a lot of work down at the individual division level in terms of plan consolidation, facility consolidations and really getting these businesses in a position to fully operate a single entity global divisions. That work continues. I think we’re well on track but we have a fair load of work still to do in ’15 and probably a decent amount in ’16 on that as well. As it relates to on the sourcing side we are -- any energy savings that accrued this year would be and that’s something we would talk about as it relates to our sourcing initiative that would reflected in our price cost reporting. Sourcing initiatives is much more around permanent changes and structural cost as a result of a much more focused 80-20 driven effort around improving the efficiency with through which we source raw materials. So, as Michael talked about earlier there is certainly some potential for some benefit on this on the input cost side related to lower energy prices but that is something that we would not report as part of our sourcing initiative, we would talk about that as a price cost benefit as we moved down the road.
Ajay Kejriwal: And then Michael on FX, can you talk about hedging, how do you think about your FX exposures, how much is naturally hedged versus through contracts? Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so Ajay, I just maybe reiterate on the sensitivities around foreign exchange and when we were together in December we gave you a rough rule of thumb, I gave everybody a rough rule of thumb that said a penny change in the euro versus dollar rate equates to a penny of EPS on an annualized basis and obviously since then the euro has weakened versus the dollar to a tune of about $0.10 and so that’s the $0.25 of headwind that we talked about now versus the ’15 in December and obviously all currencies are moving. So, this is the rough rule of thumb. Well in terms of hedging, we are well hedged naturally, so we’re a company that manufactures in the regions that we sell into and so this is really just the translation impact for ITW, there are no mismatches in terms of revenues and cost, no structural issues to speak of that need to be addressed here and so beyond that we’re all looking at the same currency rates, we told you what the sensitivities are and in terms of operationally our view hasn’t really changed and the way we run the company hasn’t really changed but obviously the way we report our earnings when we consolidate and back into the U.S. are impacted by currency.
Ajay Kejriwal: But we’re not a hedger of translation risk.
Michael Larsen: That’s correct, yes.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is Walter Liptak of Global Hunter.
Walter Liptak : Hi, thanks. Good quarter guys. Wanted to ask you about the welding segment and if you could break out the North America and give us some indication of price versus volume.
Michael Larsen: We typically do not go into that level of detail for competitive reasons Walter, so we’re not going to go there today I think there is really nothing unusual here.
Scott Santi : The plus standard would be largely volume.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean it’s very similar to what we’ve seen in prior quarters nothing unusual.
Walter Liptak : Okay, got it. And then another question, not a follow up but in the electronics segment you had that plus 11% growth and I wonder if we can get some color on that, the products that, that was going into the geographic regions and trying to get an idea if that's sustainable as you go further into 2015?
Michael Larsen: I think the increase we were talking about was in the electronic assembly piece primarily sold into Asia, that business can be a little bit lumpy. So, I wouldn’t read too much into one or two quarters here, we’re certainly encouraged by what we saw in the third and the fourth quarter but the long term growth rate here is unfortunately probably a little bit lower than what we saw in the fourth quarter and probably in the low to mid-single digits in that segment.
Operator: Thank you, next question is from Rob Wertheimer of Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer : Hi, not to circle around again but it just seems as though that the risk -- the benefit on the materials cost side and we’ve had a long period of inflation against this kind of flip flop in the last year or so. Have you had more pushback that you’re hearing from your sales staffs on pricing on getting any kind of pricing through that they’re being asked for pass-through or is it really the net risk really does lay your way?
Michael Larsen: I mean there’s really been no changes in terms of how we look at price cost inside the company and no increased pushback to your question.
Robert Wertheimer : Okay, thanks. And then just real quickly on food service, curious about the general feeling in the market propensity to spend whether you’re seeing people do positive capital decisions or whether doing more replacement. I am just curious about what you feel the rest of the market like? Thanks.
Scott Santi : The environment overall is still -- I would certainly not describe it as a market with a lot of tailwind. Lot of what we’re benefiting from right now is at number of meaningful new product launches that are -- certainly given us an extra 2% or 3% of organic growth. I think that’s the best color I can give you on it for now is no big changes in demand over the course of the last year but we’ve seen our own growth rate accelerate as we move through the year largely because of some the product commercializations.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: The test and measurement segment was down on tougher comps in the quarter. What do you expect there for 2015 and do you have any visibility to that showing some growth next year or this year?
Michael Larsen: Yes so if you recall in the fourth quarter ’13 that business test and measurement was up 8% or 9% organically -- 9% organically. And I think as we look forward into 2015, we expect similar to what we saw in 2014 so in the low to mid-single digits as Scott said earlier and we’ve said many times we in our guidance the way we model this is at current rates. So we expect that test and measurement to be at that low to mid-single digit type growth for 2015.
Steven Fisher: Okay, great. And not sure if I missed it but the China 4% growth in the quarter and how you see that playing out in 2015?
Michael Larsen: China for us is really primarily driven by the strong performance in our automotive business that continues to outperform in a meaningful way. We also had in the quarter food equipment primarily as a result of an acquisition we did little over year ago. And that’s based strong growth in food equipment and then we talked a little bit about the polymers and fluids business also being positive in China. So the offset here is primarily similar to what we talked about in the third quarter is the welding business where we continue to see some -- two things going on one is product line simplification where we’ve exited some business lines that didn’t meet our threshold from a large end standpoint and then some projects that are still being delayed in China. So I would expect China -- if you look at China for the year we’ve kind of been in that mid-single digit type growth rate and based on the continued outperformance in automotive and food equipment we’d expect that to continue.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time we’re showing no further questions.
Scott Santi : Thank you everyone for your time today. And we’ll look forward to speaking with you all again very soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Brooklier – VP, IR Scott Santi – President and CEO Michael Larsen – SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC Ann Duignan – JP Morgan Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Walter Liptak – Global Hunter Securities Ajay Kejriwal – FBR Capital Markets Andy Casey – Wells Fargo John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets Steven Fisher – UBS Jim Krapfel – Morningstar John Inch – Bank of America David Raso – ISI Research 
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I’d like to turn the meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Diane. Good morning, everyone and welcome to ITW’s Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me this morning is our CEO Scott Santi and our CFO, Michael Larsen. We would also like to welcome our Erin Hoffman our new VP of Investor Relations. As you know, Erin joined us in early September and we are working on a smooth transition of the Investor Relations role till I retire in March of 2015. Erin good to have you onboard. During today’s call, we will discuss our outstanding Q3 financial results and update you on our earnings forecast. As usual, we will open the call to your questions. We ask for your cooperation on our one question, one follow up question policy as we have scheduled one hour for today’s call. Before we get to the quarterly data, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2014 fourth quarter and full year as well as other forward-looking questions identified on this slide. For a preview of the company’s 2014 Form 10-Q for the second quarter for more details about the important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectation. Also this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Take care of that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott Santi, who will comment on the quarter. Scott?
Scott Santi: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. Overall, we were pleased with the performance in the quarter and with the progress that we are continuing to make in executing our strategy. Operating margins in the quarter were a record 20.9% and were 190 basis points higher than in Q3 of last year, with a 120 basis points of that improvement coming directly from enterprise strategy initiatives. After-tax return on invested capital was 20.1%, marking the first time we’ve gotten both of these key metrics above our stated goals of 20% plus in the quarter since the launch of our enterprise strategy in 2012. Operating income of 772 million was the highest quarterly total on the company’s history and free cash flow was very strong at 128% of that income. EPS of $1.28 was up 42% versus the prior year. We were also pleased with our organic growth performance in the quarter as we had four of our seven business segments deliver organic growth of 5% or better. While we are still three or four quarters away from being able to turn the majority of our attention to the growth agenda component of our strategy, it’s encouraging to see some early signs of progress on the organic growth front in a number of our businesses. Product line and customer simplification activities remain an active element of our portfolio management initiative currently, and had a negative impact on the company’s overall organic growth rate of approximately 1 percentage point in the quarter. I expect that these activities will have a similar 1% negative impact on our organic growth rates were up most, if not all, by 2015. However, keep in mind the product line in customer simplification our core components of ITW’s 80-20 business management system and we are in the process of reapplying it to our scale of operating divisions. These activities are a key driver of our ability to continue to improve margins and returns and to accelerate organic growth going forward. Overall, we are pleased with our progress as we approach the end of year two of our five year enterprise strategy. At our upcoming Investor Day in December, we will provide investors with an updated view of our performance targets for 2017, as well as lay out a preliminary line of what we think 2018 and beyond might look like in terms of both strategy and performance. I’d like to close by thanking all of our people around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and in executing our strategy. Now I’d like to turn over to Michael. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Okay let’s get started with the financial summary on page two. Third quarter was another quarter with solid execution and high quality of earnings with organic growth of 3.5%, record operating income and record operating margins of 20.9%. EPS of a $1.28 was an increase of 42% versus prior year. Revenues were 3.7 billion, up 3.5% with growth in all major geographies. Four segments automotive, food equipment, test and measurement and electronics and welding stood out with organic growth of 5% or better. As Scott mentioned, consistent with the first half of the year, product line simplification was a 1% drag on our overall organic growth rate. Five of our seven segments expanded margins by more than 200 basis points, with a 120 basis points from enterprise initiatives, which included increased contribution from our strategic sourcing efforts. Incremental margins were 76% and cash generation was solid with free operating cash flow 128%. We spent 500 million on share repurchases and you might recall that we raised a dividend of 15% in the third quarter. Good progress in after-tax return on invested capital with an improvement of 250 basis points. So overall, we were pleased with the strong results in the quarter and the continued positive momentum on our enterprise initiatives. On page three, a few highlights on organic growth for the quarter with North America up 4% as a result of continued strength in automotive up 8%, food equipment up 6%. Also in North America, welding was up 10% and test and measurement and electronics grew 6%, certainly some encouraging progress on organic growth. International growth was also positive up 3% in the quarter with Europe up 3%. Four of our segments were positive in Europe, with automotive up 9% and food equipment up 6%. Asia-Pacific increased 5% driven by Australia up 5% and China up 3%. Automotive OEM and food equipment in China were both up double digits construction in Australia test and measurement and electronics in Asia-Pacific were up high single digits. So in summary, solid organic growth across all major geographies and some encouraging signs in our CapEx driven segments welding and test and measurement, as we continue to apply our 80-20 business system and position our businesses for future organic growth. Moving on to slide four, operating margins were once again a highlight as solid execution on the enterprise initiatives which included greater contributions from the strategic sourcing effort, led to record operating margins of 20.9%, an increase of 190 basis points from last year. As Scott mentioned, the third quarter was the highest ever in terms of operating income at 772 million, which speaks to the quality of the revenues generated by this portfolio of highly differentiated businesses after completing the portfolio management component of our enterprise strategy. This former record was 770 million in the second quarter of 2012, the quarter that had revenues almost 1 billion higher than this quarter. We were pleased to see that all seven segments improved operating margins with five of the seven segments expanding margins by more than 200 basis points, and polymers and fluids exceeding 20% for the first time. At the right side of the page we’ve listed the drivers of the margin expansion, with the largest contribution being 120 basis points from enterprise initiatives. We continue to invest in future margin expansion and spent $28 million on restructuring related to our business structure simplification efforts. So clearly more to come in terms of BSS savings, as we spend approximately $100 million this year. Operating leverage was 80 basis points and price cost was favorable for a total of 190 basis points of margin expansion. So really great progress and lots of positive momentum on the enterprise initiatives. We’ve continued spend on restructuring and higher contributions from sourcing which gives us increased confidence in our ability to expand margins in 2015 and beyond. With that, I’ll be back in a few minutes to go over our updated guidance, but first let me turn it over to John for some additional commentary on the segment.
John Brooklier: Thank you Michael. Moving to slide five, you’ll see the breakdown of total revenue and operating income per segment. Six out of our seven segments produced top-line growth in the quarter, while all seven segments demonstrated operating margin expansion. Our auto OEM, food equipment, test and measurement electronics and welding segments led the company’s top line growth and five out of seven segments produced operating margin over 20%. This was an outstanding quarter for the company as our enterprise initiatives contributed to improve our operating margin performance in all of our segments which I will detail now. As I cover our segments, I’ll remind all of you that our organic revenue growth excludes the impact of currency and acquisition activity. Moving to auto OEM, the segment produced another long line of solid quarters. Organic revenue grew 8% compared to worldwide auto builds of 2% and that was due to ITW’s style customer backed innovation and ongoing product penetration. By geography, organic revenue for Europe grew 9% North America increased 8% and China was up 12%. Our European businesses outperformed European auto builds by 10 percentage points due to penetration gains across all platforms. In North America our growth equaled auto builds at 8% however, Detroit where we have significant penetration only grew by 3%. In China, we outperformed auto builds by four percentage points. Profitability remain high with operating margins 23.4% a 230 basis points improvement from last year. Moving to slide six, in our test and measurement electronic segment organic revenues increased 5% in Q3, a solid improvement sequentially over last quarter. Test and measurements organic revenues grew 8% led by strength in our worldwide Instron business with growth of 22% in Q3, and both North America, Asia produced good results. The electronics business increased organic revenues by 3% as the electronic assembly business moved into positive territory with 5% growth in Q3. The remainder of the electronics business grew 1%. For the total segment, Q3 operating margin showed notable improvement at 18.7% that’s 240 basis points higher than the year ago period. The food equipment segments organic growth rate of 5% reflected another quarter of very good growth and showed progress along all major product categories and geographies. In North America, equipment and service related organic related service revenues grew 6% and 4% respectively, thanks to growth in refrigeration and cooking businesses and new product innovation. Internationally equipment revenues increased 8% due to strong warewash and refrigeration sales, while service organic revenues increased 1%. The segment’s operating margin at 23.1% was a robust 320 basis points higher than the prior year period. So again, good progress on the food equipment side. Moving to slide seven, in our polymers and fluids segment organic revenues declined 2% and that’s largely driven by our ongoing product line simplification activity. As we’ve noted in prior quarters, we continue to weed out less profitable products and customers in this segment, which as you know, negatively affect organic revenue but substantially improves profitability. Polymers and fluids and hygiene businesses organic revenues each declined 1%, while automotive aftermarket declined 4%. As the product line simplification activity diminishes, we expect the effects of PLS to have less of an impact on organic revenue in 2015 and beyond. The much better new shorter term is that the segment achieved Q3 operating margin of 20.2%, a 210 basis point improvement over the year ago period. Looking at the welding segment, the worldwide organic revenues grew 5% due to strength in North American equipment sales. North American organic revenues increased 10%, it’s a very good number for them, in the quarter and that was driven by robust growth in both industrial and commercial markets and growth in the oil and gas business. International organic revenue declined 7% due to impact of delayed onshore pipeline projects in China and the Middle East, and also some of the PLS projects in Germany negatively impacted the organic revenue growth in the quarter. All said, the welding segment continues to lead the way with company high operating margins of 26.2% and that’s 80 basis points higher than the year ago period. So a nice quarter from the welding segment. Moving to slide eight the construction product segment produced modest organic revenue growth of 2% in the quarter. Asia-Pacific led the way with 6% organic growth and that was largely driven by growth across all construction sectors in the Australian and New Zealand geographies. In North America, organic revenue was up 2% with a residential and renovation categories up, but commercial construction down. In Europe, organic revenue was down 1% and that was largely due to product simplification and declines of France, offset by strength in the United Kingdom. As noted in the prior quarter the segment’s profitability continues to be our major focus and operating margins of 18.9% were 270 basis points higher than the year ago period. In specialty product segments, organic revenues were flat as modest growth across our consumer packaging business was offset by delays and customer projects and warehouse automation business. In total, our consumer packaging business and appliance was flat while ground support was up 2%. This segment represents a collection of high margin businesses in the total segment operating margins of 21.3%, the 20 basis point higher than the year ago period. So substantially good progress from a lot of our segments. Now let me turn the call over to Michael who will cover our fourth quarter and 2014 full year guidance. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Okay, thanks, John. So on page nine let’s start with our guidance for the quarter where we expect 2% to 3% organic revenue growth and 100 basis points of margin expansion from enterprise initiatives. Currency is a 3% headwind on revenues, so total revenues are expected to be about flat. Foreign exchange is a manageable $0.04 headwind to EPS and EPS is expected to be in the $1.07 to $1.15 range midpoint of $1.11, an increase of 21% over last year. For the full year, we are raising our EPS guidance third time this year to $4.57 to $4.65 which compares to $4.50 to $4.62 previously. At the new midpoint of $4.61, EPS is expected to be up 27% over 2013. Our organic revenue growth assumptions for the year remains unchanged at 2% to 3% and we now expect higher operating margins of approximately 20%, roughly 200 basis points of improvement. So in summary, we are pleased with our progress on our enterprise strategy and strong financial results for the quarter and for the year. In a macro environment similar to the one that we’re in today, we have great confidence in our ability to further expand operating margins and deliver differentiated earnings growth in 2015 and beyond as the team continues to execute well in our five year strategy and position ITW for a solid organic growth, with best in class modules in returns. We look forward to sharing more detail with you at our upcoming Investor Day on December 5th.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. So now I’ll open the call for your questions so please be brief to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question. Remember one question and one follow up question. We’ll now open the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Rob Wertheimer, your line is now open.
Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Hi. Good morning. So, great results in welding. I was curious if there was what the discrepancy if there is one between welding and construction particularly North America is? Does the strength in welding tend to turn around the construction or you’re turning product lines somewhere there or it’s just not as much overlapping them in the customers I would have guessed?
Michael Larsen: I might probably not as much overlap most of the strength in welding was in what I described is more general industrial and oil and gas really end markets, less so in commercial construction.
Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Perfect. And then just one more in welding may be you don’t want to get in too much detail in the international side, but are you able to say if the pipeline delays are sort of geopolitically related or whether there is any other more economic reason to the delay?
Michael Larsen: I’d say it’s hard to say at this point. I think we’re looking at some things that just got pushed back a little bit relative to our earlier expectations on timing. I think we’ll have to wait and see.
Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So far you don’t think it’s cancelled or gone, it’s just pushed out?
Michael Larsen: Yes.
Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Great. I think that was my two I guess. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Thanks Rob.
Operator: Ann Duignan, your line is now open.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Scott Santi: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Can you talk a little bit about what you are weeding out on the businesses that you are weeding out, the lagging businesses. Can you just talk about – give a little bit more color on which business you are actually divesting up or discontinuing?
Scott Santi: Well if you’re referring to the product line simplification work the way I would describe it as sort of the next level down of our portfolio strategy and really what we’re doing there is weeding out relatively small volume product lines that add complexity, but don’t really drive a lot of impact and/or product lines where we don’t have the sort of level of differentiation that we’re ultimately looking to build the company around. So lower profit, certainly lower volume product lines. And that’s going on all over the business. So even automotive that’s got the best growth rate it’s got pretty healthy product line simplification agenda underway.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Okay. So it’s more just 80-20 across the entire business, it’s not related to one specific end market?
Scott Santi: Correct. Well said.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: That’s helpful to understand. And then my follow up is on food equipment, can you just give us a little bit more color on what’s going on those businesses? And there were some pretty end results just curious to get a bit more color how much is market? How much is market penetration, innovation? If you can just give us a little bit more quantitative analysis around what’s going on there that would be great. Thanks.
Scott Santi: Yeah I think what I would say of I think we’re very happy with the equipment sales increases in the quarter. The one in Europe certainly stands out from my standpoint where we’re plus 8% internationally overall, part of that is certainly some progress we’re making around in acquisition because last year on China, but also the core European business was actually relatively healthy given a lot of the gloom and doom in terms of the overall economic situation there. I would say overall, we’re not seeing a ton of market lifts, probably things in North America will get better but largely these numbers are driven by new product activity.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Any products in particular or any categories in particular, particularly in Europe I’m just curious
Scott Santi: Yeah warewash which is our commercial dishwashing business and also refrigeration in Europe.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Okay. And you believe those are more market penetration not end market?
Scott Santi: Yes.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Okay. I’ll leave it there. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: Andrew Kaplowitz. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys good morning. It’s Alan Fleming for Andrew this morning.
Michael Larsen: Alan, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: I’m doing well. Just on Europe, you saw some acceleration to plus 3% from I think, plus 1 last quarter. And I know some of this seems to be somewhat specific to ITW with strength in food equipment and auto, but just curious if you guys view is it possible that Europe may be a little more stable than some feared and things have not slowed down as much as it seems may be if you just give a little bit more color on that market.
Scott Santi: Yeah sure. Again, we can comment on what we’re seeing in our businesses and we had obviously a good quarter in Europe and a good September when we haven’t seen signs of slowdown in Europe. I mean we were encouraged to see automotive up 9% really continue to build on strong penetration gains in that business. Test and measurement and electronics had a good year all around and were up in Europe. We just talked about food equipment up 6% and then welding, polymers and fluids and construction you’re probably seeing a little bit more product line certification in those businesses but overall Europe for us 3% we’re pleased and we have not seen a slowdown in Europe.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, helpful. And then just on construction North America I know you’re continuing to see some declines on the non-res side is there any kind of reason for hope that you guys are seeing any positive signs in that market?
Scott Santi: The way we characterize our construction business North America it’s been bouncing around quarter to quarter it’s up a little down a little and I think we’re still waiting for some traction overall. There is a fair amount of good progress we’re making inside the business on the margin front, but from an overall demand standpoint I think we’re still not seeing any consistent trends whether it’s commercial construction activity.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right. Thank you guys.
Operator: Jamie Cook. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. I guess just two questions one broader and then one on test and measurement. I guess I’m surprised I mean know you’re having the market healthy something internal issues help your top line, but I’m surprised when I think about the organic growth of 3.5% just given a number of free announcements that we’ve seen across industrials and just broader concerns on the macro. Did any of your businesses see deterioration as we exited the quarter or as we look into October? And to the headlines you’ve read from other companies concern you more as you think about 2015? And then my second question on the positive test and measurement had a very good quarter. Your Instron business was up 22% I’m just wondering if you can give a color there I think last quarter you talked about some confidence may be you could see a pickup in CapEx your thoughts there. Thanks.
Scott Santi: Yes. So, on your first question Jamie we didn’t see any of our businesses slow down as we went through the quarter. We are – if you look at the comps on a year over year basis had that made drive some of would be referring to but generally there was solid strength as we went through the quarter there. Although it’s little early to comment but we haven’t seen anything unusual that’s inconsistent with what we were expecting and what’s including in our guidance today. Now that said, I mean we are obviously we are aware of the headlines and what other companies are reporting so we continue to monitor what’s going inside our businesses and the order rates that we’re seeing. In terms of tests and measurements, they had a good year really if you go back to first quarter second quarter backlog activity particularly in the Instron business has been excellent. And we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing now keep in mind that, that business was up 8% organically in the fourth quarter last year so the comps are going to be a little bit more challenging here in the fourth quarter. But in terms of seeing a sustained pick up in CapEx cycle, probably a little too soon to call that but we say that we’re encouraged but what we saw in the second quarter in test and measurement then obviously we’re not seeing anything that would suggest that there is a slowdown in those businesses.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Thank you. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Walter Liptak. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter Securities: Hi, thanks. Wanted to go back to the welding segment and I understand your answer that general industry is where you’ve seen the pickup and North America. But I wonder if we saw a slowdown in welding this year and now it seems to be picking up I’m wondering if you can attribute that to anything pent up demand , or any different sectors within welding.
John Brooklier: Well I’ll just go back to what I said earlier which is oil and gas North America in the quarter was strong and also the general industrial part of our business and also the commercial part was certainly much stronger year on year than we’ve seen past prior quarters. But I’ll also reference to what Michael just talked about the pickups are largely for us and the equipment area and from the CapEx standpoint I think it’s been a couple of quarters now improving demand rates in the CapEx area but I don’t think that we’re ready to call any big inflexion point we’d like to see it sustain itself around the couple of quarters.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter Securities: Does it seem like a pickup in the welding distribution channel or is it direct to…
John Brooklier: The commercial business is what we talk about general industrial and commercial we’re talking about sort of about more fragmented part of the market most of that has access through distribution channel. I assume that the pickup in the channel the sales through the channel are function of increased demand from their end customers.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter Securities: Yeah, of course. Thank you.
Operator: Ajay. You line is open.
Ajay Kejriwal – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you and good morning. Scott, congratulations good to see the organic growth rates come through here. So may be talk a little bit about some of work that’s being done, I imagined a lot of it is blocking and packing business by business but then to the extent there are initiatives at the corporate level, be it in terms of what you’re doing with incentive structures and may be other initiatives. So just give us a sense of what to expect and the work that you’re doing to drive organic growth?
Scott Santi: Yeah sure. So we are as I said in my comments we are still another three or four quarters away from being able to bring the majority of our focus to the organic growth component of this strategy. We’ve talked I think to significant degree about the past in the end what makes all of this work is the ability to move our organic growth rate up and on an historical basis we’re talking percentage point or so improvement relative to the history. So we’re not talking about it a huge step up but a meaningful one. Right now what we’re doing is trying to manage these internal initiatives related to our structure related to sourcing in a thoughtful way to face the implementations of those in such a way that our business is continued to be able to deliver for their customers and deliver for our investors. We probably got another three to four quarters of pretty significant activity in that regard. So from an organic growth standpoint I think largely what we’ve accomplished to date is I think we’ve got the management team fully aligned around the fact that in this reshaped portfolio we have highly differentiated business that all have significant potential to drive organic growth through innovation and penetration I think that part is very clear across our management team. heading into ‘15 we will be doing some work on incentives to get that sort of further flushed out so in ‘15 and beyond we will continue we’ve already made some adjustments we’ll continue to make some more. But I think this is largely an issue for us of focus and execution with a much higher quality of portfolio that will ultimately add more potential to grow organically.
Ajay Kejriwal – FBR Capital Markets: Good. And then enterprise initiatives obviously very, very impressive margin gains here. And without taking any of that thunder away from the December meeting, may be just talk about which innings you are in terms of savings from BSS and then sourcing?
Scott Santi: Well I think the way that I would answer that Ajay is that we’re in the end of year two of five year plan that we’ve set along that we’re expecting fairly comparable improvements year by year as we go through the plan. I think a couple of years in we have some better sort of thoughts and visibility on where we think we’re going to end up on ‘17 and build the December meeting around sharing some views on that with our investors.
Ajay Kejriwal – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Andy Casey. Your line is open.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Thanks. Good morning everybody. Good morning, Andy.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: If we could go back to the enterprise initiative for that last question you’ve increased your 2014 operating margin guidance by about 100 basis points through the year now 20 versus your initial 19 and you’re kind of at the bottom range the longer term 2017 goals. If you’re focusing on returns of the next three to four quarters before you really transition to the organic growth, are we talking about more than 200 basis points left in your view?
Michael Larsen: Yeah so I guess. Andy this is Michael. So we’re not ready to go down that path for a number of reasons. One, we’d like to give you the full picture when we get to our Analyst Day on December 5th that you’re of course invited to. The other thing I tell you is this is annual plan season for us right now so all the businesses are working through their plans for next year being able to share a much better view of what this might look like in terms of the landing spot for margins and returns at the end of the five year enterprise strategy as well as provide some detail on 2015. But what I would echo with Scott just said that we expect all our businesses to continue to improve and get a little bit better on every year on operating margins and you should expect us to describe that in more detail when we get to the analyst day on December 5th.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks. At least the question was good for some laughter in the background.
Scott Santi: Thank you for that.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: You’re welcome. Regarding to the Q4 organic growth guidance for growth moderation just to clarify that Michael, is that mainly driven by comparisons and not trend deterioration?
Michael Larsen: Yes that’s correct. And if you look at the growth rates last year, we were up 3% organically in the fourth quarter we were up 1% up organically in the third quarter. We talked about test and measurement in particular having a more challenging comp and then may be a little bit of a decline auto builds as well. So that’s all factored into our guidance. And like I said we haven’t seen any deterioration in terms of our segments.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Thank you very much.
Operator: John Inch. Your line is now open.
John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So, [inaudible] what was the POS drag in that segment. I forget what you said if you’d actually called that out on the top line.
Michael Larsen: About 2 percentage points in that business, so a little bit more than some of the other segments.
John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And Michael you or Scott said that you expected the associated drag to lessen in that 2015. When you think overall, you think POS is going to drag the company is organic, the kind of 1% cadence through 2015 or do you expect the other segments to realize the lessening as well?
Michael Larsen: I think a conservative expectation would be a 1% drag all of next year and then largely we will get it behind us. We may get out of it, a quarter or two ahead of that but I think that would be the planning assumption for now.
John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I assume there is a sort of a degree Scott of kind of flex in that as far as naturally it lessens but then you kind of want to keep it at the 1% to sort of accomplish the initiatives, is that the way to think about it? In other words, it might naturally lessen but then you might redouble efforts to bring it back to 1%?
Scott Santi: No, I think most of its really I would describe as in terms of impact at this magnitude I would describe it as a onetime event. This is really about reshaping the portfolio. So we did it at the macro level in terms of the divestitures and refocusing the company. What’s going on now is really about driving that same principle down to operating businesses. So it’s existing product lines that don’t carry the level of differentiation that we think are appropriate for a strategy or exiting volume product lines in the scale of divisions. So this is much more of a onetime even over a six or eight quarter period of thoughtful, repositioning and refocusing of our portfolio. We need to go through it.
John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Now that makes sense. Just also the kind of [inaudible] is, in theory you would say POS adds beyond 15 and we get a one point boost, but shouldn’t you in theory get more than one point because less distractions spread over, less robust product lines with the terminology.
Scott Santi: I won’t necessarily applied on a percentage basis, but major component of PLS is to get us focused on the stuff that we really have conviction about, being able to grow at the kind of earnings and returns profile we think are appropriate for the company long term. So there is an element of this that’s certainly margin and return related but it’s equally important from the standpoint of the organic growth accelerations we go forward in getting us focused on the major product lines where we have major positions and industries that really think are the right ones for the company.
John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And then Scott, one of the phenomena have been in the quarter just the significant down shipped in the price of barrel of oil. Presumably you’ve looked at this possibly touched a little bit. If oil stays around the $80 $85 mark what do you think the impact ITW really if anything?
Scott Santi: I actually can’t answer that. We haven’t spent a lot of time studying that one at this point. If it stays down there for another quarter we will certainly have a more up to date view, a thoughtful view, but right now I think it’s something that’s moving around but not really driving much change in our business underground right now.
John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So if there is a more significant direct impact I presume you would have been studying it by now, without the characterization?
Scott Santi: Yes.
Operator: [inaudible] Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome Erin. My first question is, thinking about the enterprise initiatives and the 100 basis points in benefits that you’re expecting to see in the out years. I mean is it fair to say that you’re going to see disproportionate amount from the segments today that are below the 20% threshold because as we exit ‘14, you’re probably going to see at least four of your segments above the 20% range. Just curious how you’re thinking about it.
Scott Santi: Like I said, we expect all of our businesses to continue to improve every year and just add to that, that some businesses are little further along than may be others. So if you look at the welding business which was in the enterprise initiatives may be a little bit more for the long run and the enterprise strategy and the ability to now focus on organic growth versus some of the initiatives. But overall, I think we’ve said before that we expect all of our businesses to reach 20% plus over time and like I said, we expect all of our business to continue to improve every quarter, every year.
Unidentified Analyst: And I guess may be one follow on is really you guys are nice to have a breaking out where you’re spending your restructuring spending. It looks in the most recent quarters in an auto or food equipment. There has been recently some concerns that the auto market are going to decelerate as we head into next year and clearly that’s been a driver for you guys. So just any commentary around where you’re spending on restructuring and any view on the auto markets would be helpful?
Scott Santi: The restructuring basically follows our BSS initiatives which you know particular event based on end market conditions and in terms of we’ve deploying that spending over the last couple of years. From an auto perspective I think we are certainly in a position to absorb some modest slowdown in the end market. We have in terms of the penetration games that we have been delivering for the last 8 to 12 quarters now, one target for business where we have three years of essentially visibility in terms of new programs that we’ve got. We’ve got a pretty good pipeline of new content coming in and certainly tailwind is better than headwind. But can be still operated and generate some organic growth even if the market slows down or flattens out on our site, I think we are in a really good position to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Eli Lustgarten. Your line is now open.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: Good morning, everyone.
Scott Santi: Hey, Eli.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: Can we just follow up your last comment and talk about the automotive. You said three years visibility I mean the gains in your from penetration was absolutely spectacular. Can you give us an idea of what kind of thing that we can expect over the next four to six quarters because you said you had to see for 12. Would it stay at the same rate or can you give us some magnitude, some way of calibrating penetration games that we’ll see for the next
Michael Larsen: I think we’ve been running at four to five percentage points over market growth kind of rate and I think good expectation would be for us to be able to continue that.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: So sustainable at least well till ‘15?
Michael Larsen: We believe so.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: And second point sourcing and better buying a big part and this year everybody’s been blessed with flow of material prices going on. Is there any way if you can give us some idea of the benefit of the actual drop in commodity prices have especially company versus the initiatives we’ll get some idea how we’re leveraging that at all?
Michael Larsen: The way we reported externally is we’ll give you the price cost metric and that has been favorable all year, every quarter by 10 basis points, twice ahead of cost. So that continues…I think at this point we still describe the material environment fairly benign. There is a couple of outliers for the overall. I think all businesses are doing a good job offsetting material price inflation with price. On the sourcing side, is the bigger contribution to the over 120 basis points of margin expansion. While we don’t break it out between sourcing, what I’ll tell you is that we were very encouraged by the progress that we’re seeing on the strategic sourcing side and you see in our variable margins or gross margins with 100 basis points improvement that we believe is sustainable. So I think we’d answer your question.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: And the bulk of it is coming from the sourcing side at this point, would you guess?
Michael Larsen: So we don’t break out the 120, so we don’t break it out, but like I said we are very encouraged by the positive momentum on the sourcing side and we expect that to continue.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: Thank you very much
Operator: Joel Tiss. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets: I didn’t I was going to make it. Thanks. How’s it going? As you guys move through this the 80-20 and the simplification and other things that you are working on, can you just give us a sense of how, I know you are not looking at the acquisition yet, can you talk a little bit about how you are seeing opportunities in that front to fill in different product lines and may be how the philosophy in the future around acquisition would end up changing instead of buying [inaudible]
Scott Santi: I think we would plan to spend some time on that in December if we can defer that answer that question of Joel in December. I think as Michael said before we’d like to be able to talk about that with all of you on our investors in a way that’s more comprehensive than a quick answer.
Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets: So it’s not too early like that was the other part of the question, it’s not too early for you guys to start thinking of acquisition? There is a lot of stuff on your plate obviously but.
Scott Santi: Well I think it’s a matter of where do acquisitions fit in our strategy I think that’s ultimately what we want to talk about and certainly it’s not a matter of where we’re – from a financial standpoint or it’s not a matter of capability, we know how to acquire companies and ultimately where they fit in our strategy, on a go forward basis is a very different place than where they fit historically in ITW.
Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets: And then lastly if there’s no to look at the $500 million of share repurchase in the fourth quarter as a sign that things are slowing down a little bit or if there is any concern in the operations?
Michael Larsen: No, I don’t you think how you would draw that conclusion, I mean we said that we were going to be opportunistic in terms of share repurchases in the second half of the year. We started out the third quarter with 500 million and in the fourth quarter we expect to spend at least another 500 million on the share repurchases. So there is no change in terms of our view of how attractive the share repurchases are and therefore we are continuing obviously.
Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Operator: Stanley Elliot. Your line is still open.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you guys for putting me in Hate to go back to the welding business because there are so many things to talk about in the quarter but as it relates to the oil piece, could you quantify how big the oil end market is for welding in general?
Scott Santi: 20% of our North American business.
Unidentified Analyst: It’s fair to say when you talk about the general environment a lot of the growth you are seeing was more industrial production kind of a general fab which is a significantly larger part of the market if I am not mistaken. Is that correct?
Scott Santi: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Steve Fisher. Your line is still open.
Steven Fisher – UBS: Thanks. Good morning, I may have missed this earlier but can you discuss the direction of various components of your business in China how they are moving in different directions or where they’re all up. Basically, we saw the automotive business leaped away up 12%, food equipment also up double digits so we said a lot about the acquisition that we did and how good a job the team has done in terms of integrating that acquisition. So now we are benefiting organic growth rates in food equipment in China of solid double digits. Polymers and fluids had a good quarter, up 5% and then the others are fairly small. The main drag really was what’s got talked about oil and gas pipeline projects been differed in China so that business was down but other than that – which was on the wielding side. Other than that we had a very good quarter again in China.
Steven Fisher – UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Sean Wayne. Your line is still open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning. I would want to maybe come back to the food equipment again I mean the incremental margins in that business significant acceleration there. I mean certainly you talked about new products, can you just help me understand how much of the margin expansion was kind of volume related versus new product introductions? And then should we start thinking about this business being kind of a 20% to 25% margin business kind of going forward or was there anything of one timish in that quarter that is unlikely to repeat.
Michael Larsen: No, I mean there was nothing unusual in the quarter other than really solid execution and organic grows. To answer your question specifically, if you look at the 270 bases points of margin expansion in food equipment in the quarter, 150 of that came from the initiatives. So the work around at BSS and sourcing and a 120 bases point from the operating leverage on the organic growth. But really I guess Scott described it very well in terms of performance of that business and we think it’s very sustainable on the go forward basis.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you. Just know housekeeping the other income came in I guess quite a bit harder than what I would have expected in giving the run like the last couple of quarters. It means talking of what the variance was there?
Michael Larsen: It’s primarily interest income.
Unidentified Analyst: Ok perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Jim Krapfel. Your line is still open.
Jim Krapfel – Morningstar: Hi good morning. So just on price costs I imagine while your raw material cost have come down recently. I would like to get your comments on the extent of that going forward and then also your ability to hold and increase pricing from here.
Michael Larsen: I would expect us to continue to be favorable on the price cost side of things and so saw 10 bases points in this quarter and it’s probably going to be in that range for the fourth quarter but you know as these businesses know are working to become more and more differentiated and in terms of adding value to the customers you obviously going to have more leverage for a pricing standpoint so but I wouldn’t expect that just yet but nothings really change in terms of ability to continue to get price in all of our businesses to offset the cost.
Jim Krapfel – Morningstar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. John Inch. Your line is open.
John Inch – Bank of America: Hi so in terms of follow up come more of a big picture question Scott ITW historically has never been managed on a geographic basis now that you’ve been CEO clearly enterprise initiative have a lot of traction and momentum. The company has made a lot of structural changes, are you thinking perhaps any more about sort of managing the company as a bit portfolio in so far as having geographic exposures are concerned. I will give you an example so China you know you have done pretty well, but there seems to be significant sort of, there is an expectation China could slow in the coming years. So I don’t know how that could represent your businesses as may be a pro or con but you know how does it affect kind of corporate in the way you are looking at the world. That’s just one example, there could be lots of others.
Scott Santi: I think where we are and we’ve done a lot of thinking about this really the most important decision that we make for the company and our shareholders of what we business we should be in. And geography is in our view kind of second condition to sort of our thinking around what business we should be in. If you look across the portfolio that we’ve assembled we’ve got $2 billion plus businesses highly differentiated in terms of the things they do for their customers. $2 billion business customers. Lots of room to move.
Operator: David Raso. Your line is open.
David Raso – ISI Research: Good morning. Just a quick question, thinking about incremental margins next year, I know pensions been a help this year I meant that’s been really more just an absence of some of the curtailments you had last year. Let me just try to think the puts and takes for next year, I know you’re not going to want us to give us too much granularity, but there any items which we talked about enterprise initiatives, pension anything else that we can think about last quarters obviously incremental have been over 75%. So the baseline for next year but just trying to get a feel for the puts and takes.
Michael Larsen: I think the way I’d answer your question David is that look at ITW historically excluding initiatives have been in the 30% 35% range. And when we’re done with the initiatives, we’d expect to be at the high end of that if not for better, but we still have a lot of work going on margin expansion to come from these initiatives in ‘16 and beyond. I can’t at this point – all right I don’t want to give you at this point an incremental margin sums up of 2015 this will be part of when we get all together we’ll be able to give you our best view at that point.
David Raso – ISI Research: Outside of the initiatives, sort of a historical baseline is the way to think about it? I’m sure I’m making sure when I’m listening, some thoughts I already have your pension or just any other company is leave to go. So without getting into these are kind of small pieces of a bigger puzzle. But since you are asking specifically pension has not been a tailwind this year in a significant way and we don’t expect it to be a significant headwind in 2015. The other item that is may be worth talking about is currency, we called $0.04 of headwind here in the fourth quarter which we believe which is every manageable. There could be some headwind in currency in 2015 depending on where rates are at the time and we think that’s very manageable at this point.
David Raso – ISI Research: All right. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
John Brooklier: Thanks everyone for joining us on today’s call and we look forward to talking to all of you again. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Karen K. Lau - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jiayan Zhou - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome, and thank you, all, for joining today's conference. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn today's conference over to John Brooklier. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me this morning is our CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss our strong Q2 financial results and update you on our earnings forecast. As usual, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We have scheduled 1 hour for today's call. Before we get to the quarterly data, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2014 third quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2013 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that housekeeping taking place, I will turn the call over to Scott Santi, who will make some brief overview comments on the quarter. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we were pleased with our performance in the quarter and with the continued progress we are making in executing our enterprise strategy in what continues to be a mixed environment. Our operating margins in the quarter of 20.5% were up 300 basis points, and after-tax return on invested capital was also up 300 basis points to 19.5%, representing continued solid progress towards our enterprise performance goals of 20%-plus for each of these metrics by 2017. 6 of our 7 segments improved operating margins in the quarter, with strong performance across the board as enterprise initiatives contributed 120 basis points to overall margin improvement. The environment continued to be mixed, and overall revenues were up 4% and organic revenue up 1.4%, lower than our Q1 growth rate, primarily due to more challenging comps internationally and lower auto builds. In addition, ongoing product line and customer base simplification associated with the execution of our enterprise strategy reduced our organic growth by approximately 1 percentage point. There were some encouraging signs in North America as our Test & Measurement business and Welding business both grew 4%. For the first half of 2014, total revenues are up 4% and organic up 2.3%, both in line with the top line guidance we've been giving since December. EPS of $1.21 was up 32% versus Q2 of last year, slightly ahead of the midpoint of our guidance. And as a result of performance year-to-date and our confidence in the outlook for the second half of the year, we are narrowing and slightly raising our guidance range today. The new full year midpoint represents a 26% increase on a year-over-year basis. In closing, I'd like to thank the ITW team for the strong performance and continued progress they've delivered in the quarter. In year 2 of our 5-year enterprise strategy, we are pleased with the progress so far and confident in our ability to deliver on our enterprise performance goals. Now let me turn the call over to Michael Larsen, our CFO. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Okay. Let's start with the financial summary on Page 2. Q2 was another quarter of strong operational execution, resulting in EPS of $1.21, an increase of 32% year-on-year. As you may recall, last year had a $0.05 nonrecurring pension settlement charge. So on an adjusted basis, EPS increased 25%. The operating teams continue to execute well on their business structure simplification and sourcing efforts, delivering record operating margins of 20.5%, a 300-basis-points improvement over last year with 120 basis points of margin expansion from the enterprise initiatives. Total revenues were $3.7 billion, up 4% versus prior year, with organic revenues up 1.4%, below our Q1 organic growth rate, primarily as a result of more difficult comps internationally. For the first half of 2014, our total revenues are up 4%, 2.3% organically, in line with the revenue guidance we've been giving since December of last year. In the quarter, we essentially completed the portfolio management element of our 5-year enterprise strategy with the sale of the Industrial Packaging business and we're confident that our current portfolio of differentiated businesses is well positioned for growth with best-in-class margins and return on invested capital. We also completed the share repurchase program related to Industrial Packaging by repurchasing 17 million shares in the quarter, bringing the total share repurchases to 50 million shares since the announcement in September of last year. Our ending diluted share count for Q2 is 400 million shares. And since September, we've spent $4 billion and repurchased 11% of our outstanding shares. Our remaining share repurchase authorization is $2.8 billion, and given the performance of the company and our outlook for 2014 and beyond, we fully expect to repurchase shares opportunistically in the second half of the year. Free operating cash flow for the quarter was $0.5 billion and our conversion rate is tracking to be greater than 100% for the full year, in line with our previous guidance. Finally, as you can see, our return on invested capital on an after-tax basis was 19.5%, an improvement of 300 basis points. In summary, the ITW team continue to make good progress on the enterprise strategy in a mixed environment, and we remain on track for a strong 2014, which I'll discuss in more detail in a few minutes. On Page 3, some more color on the organic growth rate for the quarter, with North America up 1%, with continued strength in Automotive, up 8%, and Food Equipment, up 4%. As Scott said, we were encouraged by our Welding segment and Test & Measurement business in North America, both up 4%. International growth was 2% in the second quarter compared to 6% in the first quarter, primarily due to tougher comps in Europe and South America. Internationally, strength in Automotive and Test & Measurement and Electronics was partially offset by expected declines in Welding. You can see, Europe up 1% in the quarter; South America down 5%; and Asia Pacific up 7%, as China and Australia performed well. In China, Automotive was up 22%, Food Equipment, up 14%; Polymers & Fluids, up 9%. Since we will be mentioning product line and customer base simplification, what we commonly refer to as PLS, a few times today, let me just spend a minute and put this core element of our 80/20 management process in the context of our enterprise strategy. An integral part of our 80/20 process and our enterprise strategy is to focus on quality of revenue and not quantity. And through product line and customer base simplification, our segments are eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers and focusing their businesses on supporting and growing with their largest customers and product lines. PLS is a core element of our 80/20 management process and an integral component of our ability to achieve sustainable, best-in-class margins and returns going forward. In year 2 of our enterprise strategy, PLS is a natural and expected outgrowth of our business-structure simplification initiative as we now focus on reapplying ITW's proprietary 80/20 management process to our 90 new larger-scale divisions. We quantified the reduction on organic revenue to be approximately 1 percentage point, and we fully expect that focusing the company on taking full advantage of the considerable growth potential that resides within our largest customers and product lines will achieve improved overall organic growth performance over the medium and long term. The financial impact of product line and customer base simplification continues to be fully captured in our guidance as we continue to expect total year revenues up 3% to 4% and organic revenues up 2% to 3% in what continues to be a mixed environment. Moving on to Slide 4. Operating margins were a highlight this quarter, as solid execution across the board led to operating margins of 20.5%, an increase of 300 basis points from last year. 6 out of 7 segments expanded margins in a big way, many achieving the record levels of profitability, as Construction Products, Automotive OEM, Polymers & Fluids, Specialty Products and Test & Measurement and Electronics all put up solid margin expansion numbers. As you can see, businesses such as Polymers & Fluids and Construction are now approaching sustainable 20%-plus operating margins, levels that, frankly, seemed out of reach just a few years ago. In a sluggish environment, Welding essentially maintained their best-in-class 26% operating margin for the quarter. On the right side of the page, we've listed the drivers, with 120 basis points from the continued progress on our enterprise initiatives, operating leverage of the top line growth was 40 basis points, and price/cost was again a favorable 10 basis points. And with a few exceptions, the material cost environment remains benign. You can see the 130 basis points of margin favorability from other, which includes the nonrecurring pension settlement in the year-ago quarter. With that, I'll be back in a few minutes to discuss the third quarter and updated 2014 guidance. But first, let me turn it over to John for some additional commentary on the segments. John?
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. On Slide 5, you'll see a breakdown of total revenue and operating income per segment. And while Auto OEM and Food Equipment segments led the way in top line growth, 5 of our 7 segments produced double-digit growth and operating income. In particular, and as noted earlier, Construction Products and Auto OEM achieved operating income gains of 32% and 26%, respectively. You'll see further evidence of this as we highlight significant operating margin progress for nearly all of our segments. Now I'll go into further detail on our operating segments. On the right-hand side of the page, in Auto OEM, the segment produced another outstanding quarter on multiple fronts. Organic revenues grew 8%, outpacing worldwide auto builds by 6 percentage points. By geography, organic revenues for Europe grew 9%; North America, 8%; and China was up 22%. Our European businesses outperformed European auto builds by 7 percentage points, largely due to our fuel and powertrain product lines. In North America, we outpaced auto builds by 4 percentage points, thanks to our plastic fastener and powertrain products. And in China, we continued to gain share via multiple product lines outperforming auto builds by 11 percentage points. The drop-through to the bottom line was very strong as segment margins of 23.7% were 310 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Great performance by Auto. In our Test & Measurement and Electronics segment on Slide 6, organic revenues increased 1% in Q2. The good news is that we saw improvement in the Test & Measurement portion of the segment in the quarter. The T&M portion, their organic revenues grew 6%, thanks in large part to the strength from our flagship Instron business, which was up 8% in Q2. We're hopeful that the better performance in T&M and Instron is suggestive of a more sustained pickup of CapEx spending, and we're encouraged by order activity and backlog as we move into the third quarter. In the Electronics piece of the business, organic revenues declined 3%, largely due to comps in the electronics assemblies business. We believe this category will improve as the year progresses. For the segment, operating margins of 15.2% were 150 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Looking at Food Equipment. Segment organic revenue growth was 3% and largely reflected global contributions from its equipment and service businesses. In North America, equipment and service-related organic revenues grew 4% and 5%, respectively. Equipment's organic revenue growth was driven by an increase in the sales of refrigeration and cooking products. Internationally, equipment revenues increased 5%, thanks to a strong warewash and refrigeration sales. International service organic revenues declined 2% due, in part, to some weakness in France. And once again, the segment's operating margins of 19.5% improved with 80 basis points of improvement versus the prior year period. Moving to Slide 7. In our Polymers & Fluids segment, organic revenues declined 3%, and that was largely attributable to our ongoing PLS activity. As Michael noted earlier in his PLS comments, we continue to weed out the less profitable products and customers in this and other segments. As a result, PLS has had the typical impact of decreasing organic revenues but improving margins. All 3 of our platforms, polymers, fluids & hygiene and auto aftermarket, posted declining organic revenues of 6%, 3% and 1%, respectively. The much better news is that segment operating margins moved up significantly to 19.6%, and that was 130 basis points higher than the year-ago period. In the Welding segment, worldwide organic revenues declined 2% but that was largely due to specific international business, as well as some targeted PLS customer back activity. The international organic revenue decline of 15% was due to a convergence of events. In China, we were once again hit by comps related to the completion of the portfolio transition from a shipbuilding to an energy-infrastructure focus. We believe, however, that this comp will ease in the Q3 and beyond. We also experienced some delays in onshore pipeline projects in China. In Europe, we implemented PLS activity in Germany, and our Middle East business was negatively impacted by political events in the region. The much better news came from North America. And as Michael mentioned earlier, organic revenues increased 4% in the quarter. We saw some early signs of strengthening in equipment sales for both the industrial and commercial end markets and continued growth in the welding gun area. We also expect Welding to benefit from easier second half 2014 comps. And we'll remind you that the company-leading operating margins of 26.3%, while they were down 20 basis points, is still a very strong performance. On Slide 8, we continue to be very pleased with the dramatically improving profitability metrics in our Construction Products segment despite some uneven organic revenue performance. Segment top line reflected geographic variability as Asia Pacific's organic revenues grew 8%, thanks to our residential and commercial construction growth in Australia and New Zealand. You'll recall, we also had good performance in Australia and New Zealand in the first quarter. Our North American Construction-related organic revenues declined 2% as our residential business was moderately negative, thanks in part to some ongoing PLS activity, while our renovation and commercial construction business showed modest growth. In Europe, organic revenues declined 4% as commercial construction activity was especially soft in France. As we have consistently communicated with our investors, at this point in time, we are chiefly focused on improving the profit profile of this segment through both business structure simplification and PLS initiatives. We are clearly on the right path as Construction Products' operating margins of 18.2% were 450 basis points higher than the year-ago period. And then finally, in our Specialty Products segment, organic revenues were flat as a pickup in a variety of our consumer packaging businesses, principally our film, gluing systems and apparel-related units, was offset by delays in projects for our warehouse automation products. Our appliance business grew organic revenues 1%, while our ground support organic revenues were flat. Strong segment operating margins of 24.2% were 180 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Now let me turn the call back over to Michael, who will cover our 2014 and third quarter guidance. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: Okay. Thanks, John. Our financial performance in the first half of '14 and the positive momentum on the enterprise initiatives gives us increased confidence in our ability to deliver on our financial commitments for 2014 and beyond. For 2014, we're raising the EPS midpoint slightly and narrowing our full year EPS guidance range to $4.50 to $4.62, which compares to the previous range of $4.45 to $4.65. The new $4.56 midpoint represents an increase of 26% versus 2013 on unchanged total 3% to 4% revenue growth. As you can tell, we're not counting on a second half acceleration of revenues. Our balance sheet and cash position is excellent and we fully expect to repurchase shares opportunistically in the second half of the year. At this point, we can't be more specific in terms of timing or magnitude, and we have not included any impact from lower share count in the updated guidance today. With the month of July, the third quarter is off to a good start and we expect Q3 EPS to be in a range of $1.19 to $1.27, again with 3% to 4% total revenue growth and continued year-over-year margin expansion with approximately 100 basis points coming from our enterprise initiatives. We're pleased with our first half financial performance with total revenues up 4%, operating margins of 19.6%, an improvement of 240 basis points, and EPS up 23%. In addition, following the completion of our portfolio management efforts, we now have 7 highly differentiated segments with significant growth potential going forward. While much work is still ahead of us, 2014, the second year of our 5-year enterprise strategy, is shaping up to be a year of continued progress as the ITW team works hard to further expand margins and returns, and we continue to redeploy our strong cash flows in a disciplined and returns-focused manner. In addition, we believe that many of the efforts that we're undertaking today are positioning the company for stronger organic growth in the future. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. We will now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, Andrew Kaplowitz, Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Scott, so you've talked in the past about some of the bigger CapEx markets potentially coming back such as Test & Measurement and Welding. In 2Q, you did see some of that improvement. So do you think this is the inflection in sort of these large CapEx markets that we've been waiting for? And you did mention pretty good order visibility into 3Q, and that's despite ag being weak, which we know is part of the Welding business. So maybe you could talk about that.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. Andy, I don't think that we've seen enough to say it would be an inflection point by any stretch, particularly given the overall choppiness of the environment. I think we were generally pleased with, certainly, a noticeable pickup in the order rates in both businesses in North America. But I think we'd like to see another quarter or 2 before we call it an inflection, for sure.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, Scott, in terms of ag, are you worried about that affecting the Welding business a little more as you go forward in the second half?
E. Scott Santi: I don't think so. I think right now, we're -- I don't expect things to get a whole lot worse there. And again, the overall mix, ag represents 10%-ish of our revenues in North America. So I think we've got a nice mix of end-market exposure there that even if it did erode further, I don't think it's going to put us off our plan at all for the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just another big-picture question. Like business simplification through PLS is -- it's actually slowing down some of your businesses that you just talked about. But you've talked about how it eventually will accelerate organic growth. So the headwind that you mentioned was 1% in the quarter. When do you think that headwind will turn into a tailwind? Is that next year, end of this year? Like how should we look at that?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's a little early to tell. I think we'll have a little bit better view for you on '15 as we get to December and we've gone through our planning process. What I would say is it's in our plans for the next 2 quarters. As Michael said earlier, this is -- we are front and center on the reapplication of 80/20 across our 90 scaled-up divisions and it's certainly a normal and expected part of the process. So what I can say for sure is for the next 2 quarters, we expect a similar sort of impact that's fully embedded in our guidance. And I think we need to get through our '15 planning process to have a better view internally and what we can share externally on how that ultimately impacts our overall performance in '15, if at all.
Operator: The next question from Deane Dray, Citi.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So year 2 enterprise strategy and you're already bumping up on the operating margin, 20%, and the return on invested capital target. So is it time to start setting the bar higher? Should we be going some -- temper expectations for further improvement? But just help put us in context as you get there sooner than you thought.
E. Scott Santi: Well, what I would, I guess, sort of offer as a reminder is this is 1 quarter, not a full year. So I think what -- where we are sets us up certainly, for us to be able to at least hit those 2 metrics in '15 given the progress that we're making. And I think what I would say is we still have plenty of work to do across all of these initiatives. We are not done with BSS, not done with sourcing. So we would expect continued progress as we move forward. But it -- but we haven't sort of boxed the upper end at this point and we're really managing the company quarter-by-quarter, and ultimately, we'll talk about where we think we can get in '15 late this year.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And Scott, I probably should've added a congratulations within that question because you did get there faster and those are impressive numbers. And then the second question is on capital allocation. So just in terms of how you've couched buybacks to be opportunistic, other uses of cash, maybe the M&A environment, the target has been 1/3 of your revenue growth to come from M&A, but it's been pretty quiet there. So maybe put that in context for us, please.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, Dean, so this is Michael here. So what I would start with is that our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. As you know, we've been very disciplined and returns-focused. And we generate a significant amount of cash. And priority one is reinvesting in our businesses, whether those are CapEx projects or new products given our innovation efforts, as well as BSS or restructuring efforts. And so all of those projects are fully funded. The second priority is our dividend. We have a -- roughly a 2% dividend yield at this point. And the dividend continues to grow in line with our cash flows as -- and has done so for a little over 50 years. And we certainly view that as an important component of our capital allocation strategy. And so that leaves the balance, approximately 50% of our total cash flows, for we've -- what we've called external investments. And really, that encompasses acquisitions, which, under the right set of conditions and financial criteria, would take priority over share repurchases. Given where we're at in terms of the M&A environment and also given our strong balance sheet and cash position and our view of where the company is going to be, not just in 2014 but really as we continue to execute this 5-year strategy, we have a preference for repurchasing shares. And so that's what we alluded to in the second half of the year, is that we will -- rather than an announced program like the one we just completed for -- associated with the IPG divestiture, is an attempt to be more opportunistic as we go into the balance of the year and also, as we start to think about 2015 and putting together the plans for next year. So that's how I'd position it for you, Deane.
Operator: Next question, Jamie Cook, Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Andrew on behalf of Jamie. Just a quick question on Construction. So you guys spoke about there's some -- still some uncertainty, I think, and some mixed commentary on housing and commercial construction. Would you guys say you're -- have changed your stance on this segment at all in terms of becoming more cautious of recovery? Or what's your view at this point, as it relates to how it was 6 months ago when the year started?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I don't think it's changed at all. I think what we've been saying for the last year for our business in the Construction or in our focus, that we had a business that had the potential to generate a significantly greater level of earnings at the current revenue base than what we have been performing to. So our focus for the last 4 to 6 quarters has largely been on getting our Construction business up to margins and profitability levels that we could see in terms of their potential. And I think that's been the focus. Our -- from the standpoint of top line and the market dynamics, right now, you all read what's going on there. It's pretty up and down. I think on a year-to-date basis, from an overall organic standpoint, we're largely tracking various industry metrics. We're not looking for a lot of out-performance there yet, because we are so focused on driving these internal improvements and we got a lot more work to do there, particularly in Europe, and we're on it. So I don't think our view has changed at all, other than I think we're on track, we're pleased with our progress and clearly, there is no sort of momentum right now on the ground in terms of any significant recovery building, particularly in the housing market in the U.S.
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just switching to Food Equipment. Margins there were pretty impressive and are looking pretty good relative to historical levels. How sustainable do you think those are? Are there any initiatives underway? Or that you could talk about that you think you can get those -- you keep those margins at this -- at current levels or even go higher?
E. Scott Santi: I think they're very sustainable and would expect that as we continue to grow that business, given historical levels of incremental profitability, that we generate an organic growth, let alone the continued impact of some BSS and sourcing initiatives there, that we'll continue to move those margins up as we go forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question, John Inch, Deutsche Bank.
Karen K. Lau - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Karen Lau dialing in for John. So could you talk about the progression on the quarter? Some companies called out Europe fading and Latin America seems to be really soft, especially in June. Did you see any of that? And I guess, more importantly, did you see any of those geographic markets improve since the end of the quarter?
Michael M. Larsen: We didn't see any unusual trends as we went through the quarter. June was our best month, but it usually is. And so there was really nothing unusual. Europe, as you noted, was -- and South America, which is primarily Brazil for us, was weaker in the quarter. But weakness -- we didn't see increased weakness or strength as we went through the quarter. Like I mentioned, July for us is off to a good start and we feel good about the guidance we've given here for the third quarter and for the total year.
Karen K. Lau - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then on price costs, you realized 10 basis points in the first half. I believe you implemented some pricing increase, maybe towards the end of 1Q. Does -- did those price increases stick? And are you still expecting 20 to 30 basis points for the year?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So we -- as you mentioned, we did increase price in several of our segments and saw positive price in the majority of our segments. The 10 basis points is slightly below the 20 to 30 that we were expecting for the year, and we're probably going to be at the lower end of that range as we look at it today. Nothing structural. There's a little bit of FX impact here. But as I mentioned, the environment, in terms of direct material inflation, remains benign at this point, and the businesses are doing a good job taking advantage of price opportunities as we continue to add value to our customers. So that's how I'd describe it.
Operator: Next question, Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley.
Jiayan Zhou - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Jiayan filling in for Nigel. We just want to dig a little bit into SG&A. It has been pretty flat in the range of $680 million to $690 million for the past few quarters. So I wonder whether this is a good run rate going forward. And also, if we look at the sales under the G&A portion, how has the G&A expense been trending over the past few quarters? And what's your expectation there?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So if you look at SG&A this quarter, it was down $70 million on a year-over-year basis. About half of that is the pension charge that I mentioned in my comments. So approximately $35 million. And we did have slightly lower restructuring costs this quarter versus the same quarter last year. But beyond that, it's really continued good cost controls and discipline in our segments. And so with those caveats I just mentioned, I would think this quarter has a pretty good run rate on a go-forward basis. As a percentage of sales, 18.2%, and so we don't expect it to differ much from those levels. And actually, as we continue to implement our BSS efforts across the company, we should expect to see overheads come down. Like I said, as we exit smaller product lines and discontinuations with customers that -- and take out the overhead associated with that, you should expect to see overheads and SG&A to improve.
Jiayan Zhou - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, that's really helpful. And another question for the 120 bps contribution from enterprise initiatives. Can you maybe just give us some color, what percentage of this is driven by the PLS and what percentage is driven by the other initiatives?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So we -- historically, we've not broken out the impact from the enterprise initiatives in much greater detail and we're not going to go down that path. And so the 120 basis points was really strong execution by the operating teams on our BSS efforts, as well as on the sourcing side.
Jiayan Zhou - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So the PLS benefits, you're already seeing that during this quarter, right? So the -- all the things you are doing, you are already reaping the benefit. It's not like a benefit you're expecting to see in 2015.
Michael M. Larsen: Right. I mean, I think the benefit you're seeing now is the lower overhead costs and the improved mix of our product portfolio. What you don't see today is what we've talked about, which is as we focus on the larger product lines and customers, we fully expect that we will take advantage of the full organic growth potential with those customers and product lines. And so what we're doing is positioning the company for accelerated organic growth in the future. And that's -- so obviously, you have not -- in the short term, you're seeing the reduction in the revenues but you're not seeing the long -- medium- to long-term impact yet.
Operator: Our next question, Jim Krapfel, MorningStar.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So you had a couple of quarters now of 120-basis-point margin benefit from your strategic initiatives. Just wondering what's the run rate of improvement you expect going forward here in the next couple of quarters. And at what point would you expect maybe some strategic sourcing benefits to max out? Would that be in kind -- end of 2015 or '16 period?
Michael M. Larsen: So to answer your question, I mean, we are expecting approximately 100 basis points of margin expansion from the initiatives in the third quarter, and again in the fourth quarter. And that's on a year-over-year basis. And that's what I just described as very consistent with the guidance that we've previously provided. And we have -- as we develop the plans for '15 and '16, we don't see any reduction in the sourcing savings. So we really continue those -- expect to see those continue as we go through at least through 2017, which is the fifth year of our enterprise strategy. So we're not seeing a decline in sourcing savings. If anything, we're probably seeing a little more of an improvement this year versus last year in year 2 of our strategic sourcing efforts.
Operator: Our next question, Walter Liptak, Global Hunter.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Let me ask about the Welding business, especially North America. The 4% organics looked a little bit better than we were expecting. Can you talk about how the quarter trended? And how things are doing in July?
E. Scott Santi: I don't know that we saw any major inflections month by month that was -- the improvement was in the capital equipment area, which, again, we thought was positive development, and also on guns. So it does speak to a little bit more investment by our Welding customers. But as I said earlier, it's basically a 1-quarter trend. So hopefully it will continue. We'll wait and see.
Michael M. Larsen: The only thing I'd add is we are -- if you look at the comps on a year-over-year basis, the comps do get easier here in the second half of the year. So on a year-over-year basis, we should be seeing improved growth rates out of the Welding business.
John L. Brooklier: Walter, I also add that we've talked about Welding before, and we specifically talked international, that the comps on the international side relative to this portfolio transition in China, we should start to see better comps than that as we move into third quarter and beyond. So I think that'll be helpful to the overall segment performance.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. That sounds good. And if I can switch over to electronics assembly and the decline there. There are some new mobile devices coming out in the second half and -- despite the decline there, I wonder what the outlook is for your second half.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So Walter, this is Michael. I mean, we're not expecting significant improvement for the electronics business here for the balance of the year. You are right that there are some encouraging potential order activity going on in that segment, and that would be slight upside to our current expectations for the second half. But again, we're not counting on it at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question, Ajay Kejriwal, FBR Capital Markets.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So on PLS, Scott, we've seen actions in a couple of segments here, Polymers & Fluids, Welding, Construction. I guess, the question, is there more opportunity in PLS either within these segments or maybe on the segments where we haven't seen that initiative being played out? So just if you can talk a little bit about what to expect on PLS in the next, say, 12 to 18 months.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. I would -- I think the -- we've talked, I think, throughout our description of what this business structure simplification initiative means, is that there's a structural element to it in terms of generating better scale and leverage and focus in terms of the division structure. And the second part of that is then the opportunity to reapply 80/20 to all of those businesses. And so I think what I would say is we've moved -- it's largely a function of who's ready to get to that second stage more so than there's a particular -- there's a differential impact as you go segment by segment. So in the Polymers & Fluids business was -- got to that place earlier than some of the other segments. We're now at a place where pretty much across all 7 segments, it's an active part of, let's call it, Stage 2 of the BSS process. So I think it has just become -- it sort of moved again from a couple of segments to pretty much being implemented across all 7. It's a normal part of the process. Polymers & Fluids is going to get to the end of it sooner than the other segments because they started it first. But I think overall, that opportunity to reapply 80/20 is a real significant and meaningful part of the overall impact on BSS. And it's an impact of that. It's just starting to show up in terms of overall margin and profitability performance.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So I guess, expect more PLS in the other segments where we haven't seen that started yet.
E. Scott Santi: Well, it's been started. I think it's, what would you say, pretty much from -- at a minimum the beginning of this year, everybody, I think, across the company's been in a pretty heavy teeing [ph] around, starting to really focus. Getting the structural stuff out of the way and really starting to focus on reapplying 80/20 across the company. As we've said earlier, we've got another couple of quarters where, clearly, it's going to be an active part of what we're up to. And I think we need to get through the planning process and see how much -- what the '15 agenda looks like, business by business, in that regard.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. And then China, we're seeing really good growth in Auto. And then overall, that 8% number, is that reflecting the impact in Welding? Or is there anything else going on in that 8% number?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. That's the largest declines in revenue in China is indeed the Welding segment, as we've talked about, as we exited the shipbuilding market and really have focused on the energy side. And we believe that's where the -- not just the better margins reside, but also the better growth potential. So in the quarter, in China, strong performance in Automotive and Polymers & Fluids and Food Equipment. And then decline's primarily focused just in the Welding segment.
Operator: And gentlemen, I am showing no further questions at this time.
John L. Brooklier: Okay. Well, we appreciate everybody's participation in the call, and we look forward to talking to you later. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you for joining.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Santi - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Larsen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital David Raso - ISI Group Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Deane Dray - Citigroup Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Andy Casey - Wells Fargo John Inch - Deutsche Bank Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Jim Krapfel - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome, and thank you all for standing by. (Operator Instructions) And now I'll hand the call over to your host, Mr. John Brooklier. Sir, you may now begin.
John Brooklier: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to ITW's first quarter 2014 conference call. Joining me this morning is our President and CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, Scott, Michael and I will discuss our Q1 financial results as well as provide more detail on the $0.15 EPS raise for our 2014 full year guidance. At the end, we will open the call to your questions, and per our practice, we ask for your ultimate cooperation on our one question and one follow-up question policy. We have scheduled approximately one hour for today's call. Before I continue, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2014 second quarter and full year as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2013 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. Also this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release, which can be found on our website at itw.com. Couple of other housekeeping items. Replay conference call number is 800-841-8616. No passcode is necessary. The playback will be available until 12 midnight of May 6, 2014. Finally, one other note, you'll notice that we have updated the format of the slides, which is intended to provide a more streamlined and concise presentation, while keeping the relevant content intact. We view this as another exercise in 80/20. So with that, I'll turn it over to Scott Santi, who will comment on the quarter. Scott?
Scott Santi: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. On the whole, we've had a good start to 2014 and we continue to be pleased with the progress we are making in executing our enterprise strategy. In the quarter, operating margins of 18.7% were up 180 basis points and adjusted after-tax return on invested capital was up 240 basis points to 17.2%, representing continued solid progress towards our stated goals of 20%-plus for each of these key metrics by 2017. Overall, organic growth was solid at 3.3% in the quarter, which we were able to achieve without any meaningful contribution from our Test and Measurement or Welding segments. Two of our strongest organic growth businesses historically due to a CapEx spending environment, they remain sluggish. An additional note related to the company's organic growth performance in the quarter is that we estimate that the portfolio of actions we have taken over the past two years had roughly a 100 basis point positive impact on the company's overall organic growth rate in Q1. Earnings per share of $1.01 were up 15% versus Q1 of last year, up 22% if you exclude a one-time gain of $0.05 a share in the prior-year quarter related to the acquisition of a majority interest in the joint venture. As a result of our operational execution and the progress we were able to make in Q1 on our stated goal to repurchase 50 million shares to offset the earnings per share dilution associated with the divestiture our industrial packaging segment, we are raising our full year, midpoint guidance by $0.15 to $4.55. The new full year midpoint represents EPS growth of 25% on a year-over-year basis. Michael will provide more detail on our revised Q2 and full year EPS forecast during his comments in a couple of minutes. Before turning the call over to Michael, let me conclude by recognizing and thanking the executive leadership team and all of our ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving their customers and executing on our enterprise strategy. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 2, ITW had a good start to the year, as margin expansion and share repurchases contributed to EPS of $1.01, which was the high-end of our guidance range and a year-over-year increase of 15%. Total revenues were $3.6 billion, up 4.4% versus prior year with organic revenues up 3.3%. International growth was 6.3%, while North America was up 1%. In terms of end-markets, Automotive OEM, Food Equipment and Construction Products, all had good growth in the quarter. As usual, John will provide some more segment detail in a few minutes. Operating income in the quarter was $667 million, an increase of 16%, as margins expanded 180 basis points to 18.7%. Our enterprise initiatives, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing contributed a combined 120 basis points on a year-over-year basis, with strong execution across our businesses, as five out of seven segments expanded operating margins by more than 100 basis points. We were also pleased with 60% incremental margins in the quarter. Free operating cash flow for the quarter was $246 million. The conversion rate in the first quarter was driven by typical seasonality and we expect cash flows to increase from here, and our full year conversion rate should be greater than a 100% of net income. The sale process for the Industrial Packaging business remains on track and we are working towards May 1 closing date. We've accelerated the timing of the IPG-related share repurchase program and bought more than 18 million shares in the first quarter. We now expect to substantially complete the announced 50 million share repurchase program by the end of Q2. We anticipate that the ending diluted share count for 2Q is going to be approximately 400 million shares. We will discuss the positive impact of the lower share count in our updated guidance in a few minutes. So, in summary, a good start to the year, as the team continues to execute well on the enterprise initiatives. On Slide 3, our international organic revenue growth was up 6.3%, outpacing North America up 1% in the quarter and total organic was up 3.3%. We continue to see improvement in Europe up 5% with growth across the board, including Automotive OEM, Food Equipments and Test and Measurement. China and Australia are the key drivers of Asia-Pacific growth, up 7% with double-digit contributions from several businesses, partially offset by declines in Welding. Brazil is still fairly small for ITW, but led the way with an increase of 17%, as our South America organic revenues were up 18%. Finally, North America up 1% in the quarter with continued strength in Automotive and Food Equipment, while our businesses that are more closely linked to the CapEx cycle, such as Welding and Test and Measurement, were essentially flat. Weather had a fairly limited impact on our North American revenues, although sequentially we did see a slightly stronger March and April is off to a decent start. Moving to Slide 4. Solid execution across our segments led to margin expansion in the quarter with operating margins of 18.7%, an increase of 180 basis points from last year. In particular, Automotive OEM, Construction Products, Food Equipment and Polymers and Fluids put up some solid margin expansion numbers. The key drivers of the first quarter margin expansion are listed on the right side of the page. Operating leverage on the topline was 80 basis points and the largest driver of our margin expansion was 120 basis points from the continued progress at our enterprise initiatives. Price cost was 10 basis points and acquisitions are performing well, but reduced margins by 20 basis points. I'll be back in a few minutes to comment on second quarter and 2014 guidance, but let me first turn it over to John for some additional commentary on the quarter. John?
John Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. On Slide 5, you'll see the breakdown of total revenues and operating income per segment. Michael noted earlier, Automotive OEM and Food Equipment segments led the way with 13% and 9% total revenue growth, respectively. Operating income for Auto OEM, Food Equipment and Construction Products produced significant year-over-year increases. Now, let me go further into each of our operating segments. Starting with Automotive OEM, this segment once again was ITW's fastest growing segment with organic revenues up 13% and that's outpacing worldwide auto builds by 8 percentage points. By geography, Europe grew 14%, North America 11% and China 28%. In Europe, we outperformed European auto builds by 7 percentage points largely due to our successful fuel release and powertrain product lines. In North America, we outpaced auto builds by 5 percentage point led by fasteners and body components. And in China, we continue to gain share with new and existing products. In sum, this was another very strong quarter of growth and profitability for our Auto OEM business, and the segment's strong operating margin of 23.3% was 350 basis points higher than the year-ago period. One thing I should note is auto builds are forecasted to moderate in the second quarter, but we still expect to maintain good penetration across all geographies. Moving to the next Slide. In our Test and Measurement and Electronic segment, organic revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. On the Test and Measurement side of the business sluggish CapEx spending and order delays resulted in 1% decline in organic revenues. On the Electronic side, revenues were flat in the quarter as our other electronics category, which includes businesses in areas such as contamination control and pressure-sensitive adhesives, they produced organic revenue growth of 4%. This was offset, however, by electronics assembly business, which saw organic revenues decline 7% in the quarter due to weak end-market demand. Looking ahead, we expect our Test and Measurement businesses to benefit from more recovery in end-markets and a push out of Q1 orders into the remainder of the year. Q1 operating margins of 12.2%, down largely as a result of increased restructuring. But I would remind everyone that our core operating margins for this segment, when you adjust for amortization and other cost is still approximately 16%. So the underlying profitability in this segment continues to be good. In Food Equipments, this segment delivered another very strong quarter globally of organic revenue growth, thanks to new product innovation and increased service capabilities. Total organic revenues grew 5% in Q1. In North America, equipment and service-related organic revenues grew 6% and 5% respectively. And internationally equipment produced strong organic revenue growth of 7% and service organic revenues 2%. Both improvements over last quarter are driven by growth in Germany, the U.K. and Switzerland. The segment continues to show strong profitability with operating margins of 18.6% and at the 190 basis points higher than year-ago period. On Slide 7. In our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues were flat, primarily due to ongoing product line simplification, which we refer to as PLS here at ITW and the exiting of some low margin businesses. While growth is still lower than we'd like, the comps are easing, thanks to the work that was done in 2013. Notably, we did see a pickup in organic revenues in worldwide Fluids and Auto aftermarket. I would note that the Polymers category reflects most of our current PLS activity. The segment's profitability continues to improve with operating margin of 16.6% in the quarter and that's an improvement of 200 basis points versus year ago. In Welding, worldwide organic revenues declined 2% due to ongoing portfolio repositioning and slower pipeline activity in China as well as sluggish CapEx spending in North America. International organic revenues decline 10% in the quarter and that's mainly due to previously noted factors in China. And in North America, organic revenues grew only 1% and it was largely the result of weak CapEx spending from key customers and key sectors, such as heavy equipment. However, segment operating margins continue to be very strong at 25.7% and remains our most profitable segment company-wide. Moving to Slide 8. We continue to be very pleased with the topline and profitability progress in our Construction Product segment. Organic revenues grew 5% in Q1 and that was led by Asia-Pacific, where organic revenues were up 14%. This was due to strong new housing, retail and commercial construction in Australia and New Zealand. European revenues grew a modest 1% in the quarter. North America construction organic revenues were flat, as improvement in residential construction were offset by declines in the commercial construction category. Let me make a quick comment on our North American commercial construction business. While there has been talk of industry growth in the sector by both, peers and investors, our Dodge commercial data for Q1 on a square footage basis showed 13% less activity versus the year-ago period. We do, however, think we'll see better commercial construction growth as the year progress, so stay tuned. Profitability continues to improve as we execute our enterprise initiatives across the segment. Q1 operating margin of 14.8% showed an impressive 310 basis point improvement over the year-ago period. And in our final segment, Specialty Product segment, organic revenues grew 2% and was largely due to our consumer packaging businesses. Ground support grew 10% and appliance sector was flat. The segment continues to be very profitable with operating margins of 21.1%, that's 120 basis points higher than year-ago period. Now, let me turn the call back over to Michael, who will update you on our Q2 and full year forecast. Michael?
Michael Larsen: Thanks, John. And as a result of our first quarter performance and lower share count, we're raising our full year EPS guidance by $0.15 to a range of $4.45 to $4.65. The midpoint of our updated guidance, the $4.55, represents an increase of 25% versus 2013, and we now expect full year operating margins in the mid-19s. We tighten the range for our full year revenue growth rate assumption and raising the low end from 2% to 3%, and we now expect total revenue growth to be in the 3% to 4% range. The organic revenue growth that goes with this assumption is unchanged at 2% to 3%. Our second quarter guidance, we expect EPS within a range of $1.16 to $1.24, and this assumes total revenue growth of 3% to 5% and 100 basis points of margin expansions on a year-over-year basis from the initiatives. So in summary, a good start to 2014. We're raising our full year EPS guidance by $0.15 to a range of $4.45 to $4.65 and the midpoint being a 25% increase year-over-year. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Michael. Now, we'll open the call to your questions. And in the interest of giving more people a chance to ask questions, please honor our one question, one follow-up question request. We're targeting to complete this call at the top of the hour. We'll take our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital: Scott, maybe you can step back and talk about your geographic markets from a perspective that in the beginning of the year you said North America could grow in the 3% to 4% range and Europe could grow in the 2% range. 1Q performance was basically the opposite. Should we look for more growth in Europe from you this year and maybe less in North America or do you expect it to normalize over time? I mean we noticed that you said weather wasn't that much of an impact in 1Q.
Scott Santi: Well, I would say that based on our first quarter results, relative to our expectations heading into the year, I would say Europe has been a slight upside positive at 5% growth in the quarter, North America certainly at 1% was a lag. I don't know that that completely shifts our expectations for the year. I think we do see, again, based on some modest improvement in March and how April is tracking at North America at 1% probably we wouldn't expect that to be the number for the year. We would expect some incremental improvement in North America from here. And again, I think the overall demand levels out of Europe that we're seeing are pretty broad-based across our businesses and I would consider that to be pretty encouraging at this point.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital: I think a follow-up to that really is around the construction business overall. Asia really got stronger in the quarter. I think it was 4% year-over-year growth last quarter to 14% this quarter. Is it fair to say that you're actually seeing a nice recovery in Australia now? And you did mention some expected improvement in Q2 in North America and you mentioned that April was starting off well. Are you seeing them improvement as the weather has gotten better here in the U.S. in April?
Scott Santi: Yes, to both of your questions. I think Australia and New Zealand, clearly we're seeing some very positive overall demand improvement there. And we have sort of made a commitment not to talk about the weather as part of our results in the quarter, but what I would say is certainly North America for construction, along with the service business and Food Equipment were probably the two areas where it would be hard not to conclude that we had some pretty material weather impact on those businesses. And I think March and what we're seeing in April in construction in North America would suggest things are improving there for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group: On the guidance increase of $0.15, can you quantify the way you're thinking about how much was from repo and how much was from essentially margins?
Michael Larsen: So what I'll tell you is, of the $0.15 approximately half is shares and the other half is better operational performance, which you're seeing in the operating margins. And we now expect to be in the mid-19s versus our previous guidance of 19, squiggle 19. So it's about half and actually if you -- well, talk about the first quarter for a second, the performance in the first quarter versus the guidance, the better performance was driven equally about half from shares and the other half from better operations.
David Raso - ISI Group: That's what I was thinking as well until you mentioned the more exact target on the margin, saying 19.5%?
Scott Santi: We've said mid-19s, yes.
David Raso - ISI Group: But before we were thinking 19%, correct?
Scott Santi: That's correct.
David Raso - ISI Group: Roughly, if you just add the 50 basis points there, I mean basically it looks like that alone at $0.10-plus. So I'm just making sure I'm not doing something wrong here in the sense of the margin improvement plus the repo would actually maybe a little more than $0.15, so I'm just trying to make sure I understand that 19% and 19.5% alone?
Scott Santi: I mean I can't really comment on your math. The math we're doing here internally is about half of the improvement here is from margins and the other half is from lower share count.
Operator: Next question comes from Rob Wertheimer.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: I had a question about Brazil. There's been some mixed data in the economy and then I guess machinery and markets anyway coming out of there. I was curious where exactly you were strong, if it was content, if it was share, if it was what was going on there? And your thoughts on China as well, you mentioned the Auto, but just generally?
Scott Santi: Well, I think our position in Brazil was pretty concentrated in the Polymers and Fluids area and also with Welding and a few other businesses. And so what I would say about our own results in Brazil is it's much less about the overall economy. We are sort of transitioning from a period going back two or three years, where we did a fair amount of acquisition activity there to get ourselves positioned and are now starting to operate -- we're starting to operate these businesses and I think get focused on the areas of opportunity in terms of growth. China for us, I think is right now clearly automotive is the leading business over there. We're seeing, what I would describe is more moderate overall economic activity across the number of our businesses. And the Welding business in the first quarter on a year-on-year basis was, Michael or John talked about it in his comments, a negative, primarily as a result of lower large oil and gas pipeline activity over there versus what was going on there last year.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: If I can ask just one follow-up on Auto you mentioned in China. Can you talk just a bit just in principle about how the design curve works on your content wins? I mean you have done a great job obviously of growing auto markets. Is that something you can see reliably two years out, in three years at more that since your products aren't terribly complex, they can be engineered and faster? I'm just curious about how far out you'll take that?
Scott Santi: We talked about that before. This is the one part of the company where we have a fair amount of forward visibility. We are working on things today that are going into model redesigns that are going to be executed three years out typically.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: And you're still seeing content growth throughout that three-year period?
Scott Santi: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Jamie Cook.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: A couple of quick questions. Just to clarify, you increased your margin targets to mid-19 or so. Are you still expecting all the segments to show margin improvement in the quarter, because some of the results within the quarter, you know what I mean were mixed with some segments showing very strong improvement and some still showing decline. And then my second question, if you could just give a little more clarity on what you saw in the Test and Measurement on the order trend side, just sort of the trends you're seeing there and when you expect that to pick up and translate into revenue growth?
Michael Larsen: Why don't I do the margin expansion questions and then maybe Scott you want to comment on Test and Measurement. So yes, we do expect all of our businesses to expand margins in 2014 versus 2013. And I think you will see that progress again in the second quarter, here we'll continue that. We talk about Test and Measurement, little bit of an outlier, in terms of some increase restructuring spend, but we fully expect that business to be back on track in terms of margin expansion as we move forward from the second quarter and into the rest of the year. So now your second question was on?
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Just the second question, because you noted in the slides the order of trends in testing and measurement. It sounds like there were some delays or something like that. Can you just talk about, give a little more clarity there, the more insight as to translate it.
Scott Santi: What I would say about that is on the ground we're certainly seeing sort of better overall activity levels in terms of code activity levels, backlog is up. And from the timing and release standpoint, we're still seeing some fairly choppy customer demand from that standpoint. But again, I would say, the people in those business are feeling generally like things are heading in the right direction. The overall conditions are improving. I would say we're not in that mode with Welding at this point.
Operator: Next question comes from Ann Duignan.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: I know there have been a lot of questions about Automotive, but is it the right way to think about that business going forward that you'd be able to sustain growth at roughly the 2.5x to 3x global automotive build. Is that the right way to think about it for the next 12 to 18 months?
Scott Santi: 2x to 3x, I don't think so. I think what we would be expecting on a longer term basis would be 300 to 400 basis points of market out performance on an annual basis.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And then on the enterprise initiatives, they are at the 120 bps to margins. Can you just break that out sourcing versus product line simplification or the different initiatives that you're undergoing?
Scott Santi: They both contributed significantly to the 120 basis points.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: But equal, equal at this point?
Michael Larsen: We have said consistently we're not breaking this out, but to Scott's point they have both contributed significantly.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And just on the same follow-up then, price cost added 10 basis points. It added 40 basis points in Q4. Is there anything we should be watching out for on the price cost side or is it just tougher comps?
Michael Larsen: No, there's really nothing unusual there. I mean I think the 10 basis points was a little bit lower than our assumptions for the year, which remains at 20 to 30 basis points of improvement. And so there is some timing and some FX headwind, but overall we continue to feel very comfortable about this 20 to 30 basis points for the year.
Operator: Next question comes from Deane Dray.
Deane Dray - Citigroup: Question for Michael. Post the close on industrial packaging you said, May 1, and you accelerated buybacks. Where do you expect leverage to come out on the second quarter and then the run rate exit for the year?
Michael Larsen: You're talking about debt to EBITDA leverage, right?
Deane Dray - Citigroup: Yes.
Michael Larsen: So we're currently little on the high side, at 2.4x, as we accelerated the repurchase program in part, because we saw the transaction closing sooner. Our target leverage ratio remains in the approximately 2.2x to 2.3x EBITDA on a go forward basis.
Deane Dray - Citigroup: And are you at all constrained -- and this is more directed to Scott also, but the idea on M&A, I know there is going to be -- we've shifted two-thirds core revenue growth, one-third M&A. How are you thinking about M&A for the balance of the year or might you be a bit constrained on the balance sheet?
Scott Santi: Well, I don't think given the cash flow of the company, the balance sheet isn't really the issue, where I would describe our position near-term is similar to what I've said I think couple of quarters ago on the call, which is given all that we are currently executing inside of the company around these initiatives and also our focus on organic acceleration, M&A isn't our near-term priority for us. But that being said, we did three really nice medium-sized deals last year that were really strong strategic fits and should similar opportunities emerge this year, we would not hesitate to pull the trigger.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies: I think you called out some POS headwinds kind of on the topline for both Welding and Polymers and Fluids. I'm curious if you have visibility into sort of how long that lasts and when that's simplification kind of gets anniversaried and the growth rates might start giving a little better?
Scott Santi: I don't think we said that was an issue in Welding, in Polymers and Fluids, definitely. And what I would say is we're probably looking at in terms of drag another quarter or two maximum. And John pointed out, as we're seeing in the couple of businesses inside Polymers and Fluids that are coming out at the other end of that, in the Fluids platform that was up 4% organically.
John Brooklier: Auto, aftermarket also up.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies: And on Welding I thought you were sort of trying to get away from shipbuilding or something?
Scott Santi: Well, I think that's really more of the portfolio repositioning we've done and that's been going out in the last couple of years there. So that's becoming less and less of the portfolio. I think they think they're going to probably be through most of that by the end of the year. This has been a two-plus year transition in the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Can I get a one clarification on share count? You said you're going to finish your program at the end of second quarter, maybe roughly 400 million shares at the end of the quarter. Is that the number we should use for the second half of the year or do you intend to have some more normal share repurchases after that?
Scott Santi: The 400 million shares is the projected share count at the end of the second quarter. And so our focus here right now is on completing the IPG-related shares repurchase program, the 50 million shares that we announced back in September. And then we'll kind of reassess where we're at by the end of second quarter and we would be able to give you an update on the next earnings call. But what I will tell you in terms of our capital allocation strategy, it has not changed. And so we remained focused on internal reinvestments in the business for future growth and margin expansion. We will continue the dividend obviously and then we'll balance acquisitions and share repurchases based on the best risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. And so that hasn't changed.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: I was just asking whether the guidance to $4.45, $4.65 assume that the share stay at 400 for the rest of the year? That's what I was just checking on that?
Scott Santi: That is correct.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: And from an operation, Welding has always been a problem child. Do you have any forecast for any improvement in Welding for the rest of this year or you'll have to wait until 2015?
Scott Santi: Well, let me first of all, Eli, disagree with your characterization that Welding is a problem child.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Well, the value topline that I was talking about.
Scott Santi: Yes. So those of you that follow the company know that Welding has been historically one of our strongest organic growers, high single-digits through the cycle. The big thing that's going to get, Welding going again is North America honestly that we are still in the midst of a pretty significant contraction in the heavier equipment segments of the market that we serve. In our view, that's not a structural issue, that's a cyclical issue. We expect that to turn around hopefully some time this year. And at least our experience in Welding is once things do turn, we have six, eight quarters that are really solid organic growth.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Casey.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Just a couple of clarifications, I guess. On mid-19% operating margin guidance, is there any change in the anticipated restructuring or is that all driven by better operational performance?
Scott Santi: That's all better operational performance. So the restructuring for the year at approximately $100 million has not changed.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: And then back on the sluggish CapEx trends specifically North American Welding. I am just curious -- and Scott, you kind of answered this, but can you comment on whether you saw any month-over-month improvement in that business in quoting or orders during Q1?
Scott Santi: Maybe some modest sequential improvement towards March, but nothing that I would say gives us any sort of enthusiasm at this point that we're seeing a real turn there.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: And that typically how closely in line would that be with an increase in construction activity. I realize heavy equipment can be used in other stuff, but if there is an improvement as John indicated on the Construction Products business in the second half. Would that normally drive up Welding as well?
Scott Santi: Commercial construction will have some positive impact. Although the place of real softness again is more ag-equipment, mining equipment, et cetera.
Operator: Next question comes from John Inch.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: Mike, what are the expected proceeds, net cash proceeds from the completion of the IP sale is expected to be?
Michael Larsen: The gross budget is $3.2 billion and we anticipate that the after-tax will be in the low-2s.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: And then what exactly are you planning to do with the cash, because obviously you've sort of completed this, I realize what you just said that you're going to evaluate share repurchase at the end of the second quarter, but just help me, if there is some obvious earmark for in excess of $2 billion, because in theory, right, you can get your leverage targets simply by growing EBITDA as the outlook for the economy in your businesses continue to improve and you still get benefits of simplification. So I'm just curious on your thoughts toward deployment of the $2 billion?
Michael Larsen: So a little bit more than half of that will be utilized for the share repurchase program and get that completed by the end of the second quarter. And the balance will essentially be to reduce our outstanding commercial paper and get our debt to EBITDA leverage back into the 2.25 range that we discussed earlier.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: Are there thoughts then just because interest rates are still very favorable toward -- again, as you grow your EBITDA, right, perhaps some more permanent swap of some of the commercial paper into term debt? Because otherwise you're going to have leverage that's -- financial leverage that's too low, if you continue on this track. So I'm just trying to understand how you're managing the product?
Michael Larsen: Right, so I think we've actually been fairly opportunistic here in terms of locking in rates and what we think is an attractive low interest environment and extending the duration of our debt portfolio. And so as I think you maybe aware we issued $2 billion worth of bonds here in the first quarter with an average duration little over six year, then a coupon that's on average in the low-2s. And we have some additional plans here for the rest of the year. I think if you look at kind of a bigger picture, if you take a step back and look at where we were three years ago, so the average rate on our debt is about 200 basis points lower today than it was three years ago. The duration has been extended from fairly short-term in the three to four year range to well north of 10 years. So I think we've been fairly opportunistic in terms of our capital structure and are taking advantage of the current rate environment.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: And then, Scott, if you will just take a look at simplification, enterprise initiatives, clearly this is paying pretty handsome dividends to ITW. Could you just remind us or give us your perspective, which of your segments are ahead of where you would have expected maybe a year ago and which still seem to have work to do? Because I don't think just a print of margins or performance alone gets at the underlying. So I'm very interested in your perspective of which of your segments kind of are ahead and which are behind?
Scott Santi: Well, I think where I would start on that is I think the sort of scope of work if you will that we had to do certainly varied at the front-end by segment and I would sort of point to -- if you look at the simplification initiatives as one example within Food Equipment and Welding, which were businesses that were the starting points was at a much larger overall division structure relative to the rest of the company. They had much less work to do. The other end of the spectrum was Polymers and Fluids that was 130-odd divisions. So haven't really thought about it in terms of who's ahead or behind. But what I would say is I think overall the level of progress and execution remains robust and brisk. And there is a fair amount of runway left. This isn't something we're wrapping up in the next couple of quarters, as we've talked before that we've got another couple of years easy of some continued work to do that is both accretive to our overall numbers, you know what our performance goals are and also it's going to result in a company that's much more focused and much more effective in terms of the growth agenda that we have going forward.
Michael Larsen: Right, but for instance Polymers and Fluids, I mean obviously it still has issues, but it might actually be ahead, which could in theory gives it a lot of operating leverage as the business starts to see better fundamental topline, for example, or Welding might be a little bit behind, which may help to explain a little bit of the margin. I don't know, I'm just -- is there any other sort of parsing that you might call out, Scott?
Scott Santi: I don't know. I was talking about construction before in terms of big margin improvement opportunity there. I think the progress, I think were up 250 basis points. Even the Auto business that I think is, there is sort of templates for kind of organic growth we want to build in all of our businesses has still got a pretty rigorous business structure simplification, an in sourcing agenda in front of it. So a lot of leverage in terms of revenue growth, but margins up in the first quarter year-on-year, significant percentage of that was related to the initiatives as well. So it's hard for me to think in terms of who's ahead and behind. I think because the specific to-do list in each of the segments is pretty unique to those segments. But in general, I don't think we've got anybody dogging it. I think everybody is getting after it pretty good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So I wanted to drill into the organic growth rate a little bit. Clearly a positive surprise as far as our model is concerned. And Scott, I know you've spent some time talking about China, Brazil and other markets. So the 6%that you're seeing in international markets 1Q, is there anything, as you analyze the performance there that jumps out as either channel related or anything that suggests that 6% may not be sustainable for the year?
Scott Santi: Nothing that I can think of Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So international continues at, say, around 6% and maybe better in the North America kind of based on what I heard earlier in the call, takes up, so we could expect growth rate to be better than what you printed in 1Q, right?
Scott Santi: I think we've talked about this before. Our forecasting approach in terms of what we're looking is that we're going to use run rates that we're seeing in the businesses today. You are certainly free to analyze the upside and downside opportunities and risks around that. But we've talked before about the fact that in our business model we have no incentive to get ahead of ourselves. We have a very fast reaction, fast cycle time, supply chain and manufacturing approach. And so from our standpoint, the most prudent planning assumptions for us are really deal with what we're seeing on the ground today.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Of course conservative is better as far as we are concerned, so good organic. Now, maybe on the incremental margins, real nice performance there, talk a little bit about Construction Products, so obviously it was an okay quarter, but margins picking up. How should we think about incrementals in that business as revenue start coming back?
Scott Santi: Well, I think the endgame there, as I've talked before, a number of us have talked is in terms of the raw material in that business from a performance standpoint, we expect that business to perform from a margin rate standpoint at or above the company goals on a long-term basis. Given where they are today, despite a significant amount of improvement in the first quarter, as there is still some room to improve further between where they are in that 20%-plus goal. So the answer to your question is incremental margins for the next eight quarters are to be really good and accelerating topline helps us get there faster.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shivangi Tipnis.
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities: My first question is on pricing. So you commented that it was about 10%. Was it linear across all segments?
Michael Larsen: No. The 10% is really an average.
Scott Santi: It wasn't 10%.
Michael Larsen: The 10 basis points.
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities: Yes. Sorry, the 10 basis points.
Michael Larsen: So the 10 basis points is really an average, and I wouldn't read too much into it in terms of we have different timing around price increases in the various segments, and we had some FX impact in one business that we didn't see in another businesses. And so I would say we're still holding to the 20 basis points to 30 basis points for the year and we're comfortable with that assumption.
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities: But then what was the most pricing pressures and in what segment did you see the most headwinds that contributed to the lower expected EPS form the pricing? I think you were expecting at least 20 basis points even in the first quarter and you got about 10, can you talk about the headwinds?
Scott Santi: Yes. Again, I mean there is really nothing unusual in terms of head or tailwinds in the first quarter other than what I described. And so fairly normal quarter, in terms of price cost for us.
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities: And one question on the auto build rates, can you talk a little bit about the near-term moderation in the auto build rates that you were talking about? And is this going to be globally, including China?
Scott Santi: We expect auto build rates in the second quarter to be in the sort of 1% to 2% range. That's a worldwide number. We would expect that virtually all of the geographies to be down sequentially from where they were in Q1. Into Q2, China looks like it's going to be roughly about the same. I don't think we see much of a change in China, but Europe looks like it's going to have a lower build rate based on the data we're seeing right now. North America looks like it's going to be a lower build rate. But remember, we continue to add our penetration numbers on top of that.
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities: So just as a clarification, you mentioned that you would comfortably be able to outperform the auto build rates even with the moderation, is that correct?
Scott Santi: That's correct. But I think what we're basically trying to say is don't expect double-digit growth in Auto for next quarter based on a foundation of lower build rates.
Operator: Next question comes from Joel Tiss.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: I have just one quick question. Can you talk about some of the successes and maybe some frustrations on the organic growth and just what you're seeing, like you've done a great job of pointing out the gas cap, not having a gas cap anymore, those sorts of things, but just a little bit of color there?
Scott Santi: One of the things I would point out to is I would go back to the comment I made at the outset of the call, which is we've worked very hard on shaping the portfolio, so that we are in a collection of businesses that we have a lot of conviction about their ability to grow at a healthy clip organically. And again, those actions resulted in an overall organic growth rate for the company of a 100 basis points better in Q1 that would have been if we still were in some of the businesses that we have divested. I would say, characterize our progress in organic as frustration at all. I think we're just getting in the position we've talked before about the fact that we've a lot of activity inside the company. We're trying to be very delivered. I'm talking about simplification and sourcing. We're trying to be very delivered about making sure that we're focused on the right things at the right time. This year is a year we expect to turn our attention more to the organic growth agenda. But keep in mind we still have more than a fair amount of activity going on internally. But I think some of the acceleration on organic growth, we talked about Auto, Food Equipment now, Construction, Test and Measurement, it looks like its going to get going and then we've got a couple of other businesses that are not where we wanted them to be. We talked about Welding, that's much more of a situation relative to the current market environment. And Polymers and Fluids, we got to get through this period of sort of reshaping and refocusing, but expect that business to certainly contribute from our organic standpoint. So I think we feel much better about the quality of the portfolio that we are going forward with, in terms of its organic growth potential and certainly expect to continue progress as we move down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Krapfel.
Jim Krapfel - Morningstar: So you're still expecting a run rate of 100 basis points of margin improvements from your initiatives through the rest of 2014. Is that right?
Michael Larsen: That's correct. On a year-over-year basis, we expect 100 basis points a quarter from BSS and from sourcing.
Jim Krapfel - Morningstar: And then how much do you think you have left in the tank then for 2015?
Michael Larsen: Well, I think the way we'd answer that question is similar to what Scott talked about earlier, as we've laid out our goals very clearly for 2017, which is 20%-plus operating margins and 20%-plus return on invested capital on an after-tax basis. And so we're not going to give guidance for 2015 today, but the trajectory and the targets we've laid out as we continue to progress on this enterprise strategy, we're very confident that we will be able to achieve those targets.
Operator: Thank you. At this time there are no further questions on queue.
John Brooklier: So we thank everybody for joining us on today's call. And we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shivangi Tipnis David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you all for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. John Brooklier. Sir, you may now begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me this morning is our President and CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, Scott, Michael and I will discuss our strong Q4 and full year financial results, update you on our enterprise strategy progress and provide our full year and Q1 2014 guidance. At the end, we will open the call to your questions. Per our long-standing practice, we ask for your cooperation on our one-question, one follow-up question policy. As always, we have scheduled one hour for today's call. Moving to the next slide. Before we continue, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for 2014 first quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2000 sic [ 2012 ] 10-K and Q3 2013 10-Q for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is (800) 570-8799. No passcode is necessary. The playback will be available until 12 midnight of February 11, 2014. Now let me introduce our CEO, Scott Santi, who will comment on our strong Q4 financial performance. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll make a few comments on our fourth quarter performance and our progress on our enterprise initiatives and capital allocation strategy before turning it back to Michael, who will provide some more detail and color on both our Q4 results and our forecast for Q1 full year 2014. Overall, we were pleased with our Q4 performance as we were able to deliver strong across-the-board operating results, while we continued to make meaningful progress in the execution of our enterprise initiatives. Q4 revenues were up 4.8% in a modestly improving macro environment. Our Q4 organic growth of 3% was up from flat in Q3, driven largely by North America and China, with overall organic growth of 2% in Europe. Once again, our Automotive OEM segment delivered strong growth, with organic revenues up 11% in Q4 versus worldwide auto builds that were up 6%. And our Food Equipment segment continued down this path of improving growth, with overall organic revenues up 4% in the quarter, driven largely by strength in North America and leveling demand in Europe. We also saw a solid improvement and demand in our Test & Measurement business in Q4. Total company operating margins of 17.7% were 260 basis points higher than Q4 of last year, and that was driven by disciplined operational performance and the continued excellent work our business teams are doing in the execution of our enterprise initiatives. In the fourth quarter, enterprise initiatives contributed 110 basis points of margin improvement. Q4 earnings per share of $0.92 came in $0.03 higher than the midpoint of our forecast, and were up 43% versus our adjusted Q4 of 2012 earnings per share. This shows promising momentum going into 2014 as we enter the second year of our enterprise strategy. Finally, we remain focused on driving strong free cash flow and being highly disciplined in our capital allocation approach. Full year free cash flow conversion came in at a strong 129% of net income. And in 2013 for the full year, we returned $2.9 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. As was announced last year, we intend to utilize our existing share repurchase authorization to offset the full amount of earnings per share dilution associated with the upcoming sale of the Industrial Packaging segment. In summary, we made meaningful progress in the execution of our enterprise strategy in 2013, and as a result, delivered meaningful improvement in all of our key performance metrics in the year, which was year 1 of our 5-year plan. I want to recognize great work done by all of our ITW colleagues around the world in making it happen. The ITW team has the company well positioned to deliver continued strong progress towards our enterprise strategy performance goals in 2014. Now let me turn the call over to Michael. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. As Scott mentioned, we were pleased with our fourth quarter financial performance and the positive momentum as we continue to execute well on the enterprise strategy. Let's start on Slide 5 with the fourth quarter. Total revenues of $3.55 billion were up 4.8% versus prior year, as organic revenues were up 3%, with international and North America both up 3%. In terms of segments, we have continued double-digit growth in Automotive. And Food Equipment had another strong quarter, up 4%. Test & Measurement was also up 9%. John will add some more color on our segments in a few minutes. Our recent acquisitions contributed 2 points of growth and are off to a good start. Operating income in the quarter was $628 million, up 23%. And margins expanded 260 basis points to 17.7%. Our disciplined and focused execution on business structure simplification and strategic sourcing contributed 110 basis points on a year-over-year basis. EPS from continuing operations was $0.92, up 43% over our adjusted 2012 EPS and $0.03 higher than the midpoint of our guidance. Finally, we had another strong quarter in terms of free cash flow, which I will discuss in just a minute. On Slide 6, organic revenues were up 2.8% for the quarter, and the associated operating leverage was 70 basis points. Price cost was favorable 40 basis points. And the largest driver of our margin expansion, like I said, was 110 basis points from the continued strong execution of our enterprise initiatives. Total operating margins of 17.7%, up 260 basis points from last year, as every 1 of the 7 segments delivered on margin expansion. As you can see, Construction, Food Equipment, Test & Measurement and Electronics led the way. But even in higher margin segments, such as Automotive, the team found a way to expand margins another 160 basis points. On Slide 7, a good fourth quarter rounded out a solid year for ITW. In an environment that improved gradually as the year went on, total revenues were up 2%, with organic up 0.2%. International organic revenues were up 1%, with Asia Pacific growing 4%, while North America declined by 0.5%. Margin expansion for the year was strong with operating margins up 110 basis points to 17.8%, as enterprise initiatives contributed 80 basis points and price cost, 40 basis points. Full year EPS from continuing operations was $3.63, up 13%. And free cash flow for the year was $2.2 billion, 129% of net income. So in summary, a solid year with some positive momentum on top line and operating margins that position ITW well for 2014. On Slide 8, free operating cash flow for the quarter was $597 million or 147% of net income and $2.2 billion for the year, an increase of 28% versus prior year and a full year conversion rate of 129%. Our operating teams continue to make steady progress on working capital. Return on invested capital improved towards our 2017 goal of 20%-plus as the full year adjusted return was 16.3%, 180 basis points improvement versus 2012. On Slide 9, we continue to be disciplined and returns-focused in our capital allocation. Our priorities remain unchanged in terms of organic investments and attractive dividend yield and an active share repurchase program. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 14 million shares, and share count for the year ended at 430 million. In 2013, we repurchased 30 million shares for $2.2 billion, slightly higher than the 2012 repurchases in dollar terms. For 2014, we expect to repurchase the remaining 35 million shares required to offset the EPS dilution related to the IPG divestiture. As previously discussed, the funding for the repurchase program is a combination of free operating cash flow, proceeds from the IPG transaction, which remains on track for a midyear close and additional financing at attractive rates. In the fourth quarter, we increased our commercial paper program by a little over $1 billion. Okay, I'll be back in a few minutes here to comment on the first quarter outlook and reaffirm our 2014 guidance. But first, let me turn it over to John for some additional commentary on the quarter. John?
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. On Slide 10, just very quickly, let's look at some geographic trends. Scott and Michael have both noted, our reported organic revenues increased nearly 3% in the quarter, with international organic revenues growing 3.3% and North American organic revenues growing 2.6%. In Q4, we saw some improvement in the North American economy. Europe continues to show signs of stabilization. And China along with Australia and New Zealand continues to drive growth in Asia Pacific. On the next slide, just a couple of quick comments. From a profitability standpoint, as Michael noted earlier, all 7 of our reporting segments showed operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter, with Construction Products up over 300 basis points. Test & Measurement, Electronics, Food Equipment and Automotive OEM produced margin improvement in ranges from 160 to 250 basis points. As we've said repeatedly, these strong results underlie the meaningful progress we've made in year 1 of our enterprise strategy. Now moving to Slide 12. Let's take a brief look at our reporting segments. Starting with our Test & Measurement and Electronics segments, organic revenues rose 1%. In Test & Measurement, organic revenues increased 9% as equipment orders improved as the quarter progressed. Electronic organic revenues declined 8% as comparison eased somewhat in Q4. We expect these comps to be more favorable in 2014. And in the quarter, operating margins were up an impressive 250 basis points. As we noted earlier, in Auto OEM, this was once again our fastest-growing segment, with organic revenues outpacing worldwide auto builds by 5 percentage points. And that's thanks to growth in new product penetration and favorable customer mix around the world. Breaking this down geographically, Auto OEM's organic revenues grew 11% versus a worldwide auto build of 6%. And by geography, North American international organic revenues grew 13% and 10%, respectively. Similar to prior quarters, European organic revenues increased 10% even as auto builds only grew 3% in that region. In Asia Pacific, our organic revenues grew 15% largely due to robust China auto builds. Our organic revenues in China grew 28% in the quarter while auto builds there grew 18%. In sum, this was another very strong quarter of growth and profitability from all geographies of our Auto OEM business. In our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues declined 1%, primarily due to ongoing product line simplification work and exiting low-margin businesses. As we move into Q1 2014, comps should ease somewhat based on the PLS work done in '13. To provide a bit of background, segment organic revenues declined 7% in Q1 of '13, decreased 4% in Q2, and we were flat in Q3. The segment's operating margins of 16% improved modestly in Q4. And we anticipate additional operating margin expansion in the upcoming 2014. Scott noted Food Equipment's progress earlier in his commentary and may deliver another very strong quarter of growth, thanks to new customers and service expansion, largely in North America. Total organic revenues grew 4% in the quarter. In North America, equipment and service-related organic revenues grew 7% and 6%, respectively. International equipment produced organic revenue growth of 2%. And service organic revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. International growth was moderated due to weak economic conditions in France and Italy, offset by some improving conditions in the U.K. The segment's strong operating margins of 19.5% were 250 basis points higher than the year-ago period. In the Welding segment, worldwide organic revenues were flat due to soft demand in North America and Asia, offset by stronger revenue growth in Europe. Organic revenues for international increased 4%, while North America decreased 2%, largely due to sluggish heavy equipment activity. Internationally, organic revenue growth was due to improvements in the oil and gas areas in Europe, as well as our worldwide insulation businesses. The Asian revenues reflected end market softness, in general, industrial end markets across Asia. However, segment operating margins continue to be very strong at more than 23% in the quarter. We continue to be very pleased with the profitability progress in our Construction Products segment. Talking about organic revenues first, they grew more modestly, and they grew 2% in the quarter. North American construction organic revenues increased 5%, with residential construction up an impressive 12%. The North American renovation and commercial construction categories, however, were essentially flat in Q4. I think this points to the sort of the up-and-down nature of what we've seen in the commercial sector over the last number of quarters. Internationally, organic revenues grew 1%, with Asia-Pacific up 4% due to our strong retail business in Australia and New Zealand. European organic revenues declined 3%, thanks to sluggish construction and remodeling activity. As noted earlier, segment operating margins were up some 310 basis points versus the prior year as management continues to resize the business. Finally, in our last segment, Specialty Products segment organic revenues grew 1% in the quarter. Segment growth was driven by 5% worldwide organic growth from our consumer packaging businesses. Our Hi-Cone and warehouse automation businesses continue to generate organic growth in the segment. Worldwide appliance organic revenues declined 4% in Q4 as market conditions in Europe remained weak. Nonetheless, Q4's segment operating margins of 17.9% were 50 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Now let me turn the call back over to Michael, who will update you in our Q1 and full year earnings forecast. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: All right. Thanks, John. And as you've heard today, we exit 2013 with some positive momentum that positions us well for 2% to 3% organic top line and 18% to 24% earnings growth, in line with the 2014 guidance communicated at our December 6 Analyst Meeting. While we were encouraged by what we saw in the second half of 2013 and the fourth quarter in particular, we think it's prudent to remain cautious on the global macro environment at this time. We expect operating margins of approximately 19% for the year as we continue to execute well on the BSS and sourcing plans that support our enterprise initiatives. And we're reaffirming our 2014 EPS guidance in the $4.30 to $4.50 range, again an increase of 18% to 24%. And all of this is very consistent with our outlook from December. In terms of our IPG-related share repurchase program, we are slightly ahead of schedule. And if we stay on track, we could complete the program earlier than year-end. If so, you should expect a slight EPS benefit associated with the timing of the repurchase program. For the first quarter, we expect EPS within a range of $0.93 to $1.01. This assumes total revenue growth of 3% to 6% on some easier year-over-year comps and an organic growth rate similar to Q4. In conclusion, the fourth quarter was a good finish to a solid year for ITW, and we're well positioned to deliver continued strong progress toward our enterprise strategy performance goals in 2014. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to John for Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Michael. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We're ready for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ms. Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess just 2 questions, one within the Construction Products side, the margin performance was fairly impressive. Can you just talk about the drivers behind that and how to think about incremental margins if we get a bit of a tailwind from the construction cycle? And then just two, just there's a lot of optimism, I think, in 2014 with some potential recovery in non-res construction. Just sort of how you guys are viewing that? And do you think the market's a little too optimistic?
E. Scott Santi: Yes. In terms of the overall margin sort of trajectory that we anticipate, we've talked before about our view that the construction business at its current size and scale certainly has the potential to be operating at a much higher level of profitability in a level that's accretive to our overall company objectives. So from the standpoint of incremental margin performance from here forward, we expect it to be very strong for the next 4 to 6 quarters, regardless of what's going on in the macro environment. And I think on the commercial construction question, I think we are right where you described. I think it's -- I think John used the phrase, choppy, for the last couple of quarters. I think we have been encouraged at times over the last 2 to 3 quarters. And in the fourth quarter, things seemed to soften up again a little bit. So I think we'll certainly be happy to see it when the recovery comes, but at this point, are not seeing a whole lot of basis for a high level of enthusiasm there. We'll see what happens.
Michael M. Larsen: I would just add to that. If you look at -- Jamie, if you look at the latest Dodge data through the end of the year on a square footage basis, which is the metrics we look at, construction on a square footage basis is basically -- commercial construction is basically flat year-over-year. So to Scott's point, I don't think there's anything supporting a better commercial construction in the near term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ms. Rob Wertheimer of Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And I apologize. I missed the first minute of the call, but did you get into the change in profit in discontinued operations quarter-to-quarter and what caused that?
E. Scott Santi: No, we did not.
Michael M. Larsen: I'm not sure what you're referring to.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: What was the discontinued ops profit in the quarter? I think it...
Michael M. Larsen: Well, for IPG? If you go in the appendix, you'll be able to see that in the schedule.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I just thought that it declined from $40 million or $50 million down to $1 million and comes from discontinued ops. That was -- maybe I misread it.
Michael M. Larsen: Okay. Well, part of that is related to some of the restructuring we're doing as we prepare the business for sale. And there were some tax charges related to that. And that -- so that's what you would have seen in the discontinued ops.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, perfect. So it's deliberate actions rather than a degradation on...
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. No, no, absolutely. It's the legal reorganization as we get ready to separate the IPG business from ITW and proceed with the transaction.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, perfect. And if I can just ask one sort of big picture question. Are you seeing any revenue gain or any revenue impact from the BSS initiatives? Obviously, Auto's been incredibly strong. That's a bit of a global business. I'm just curious. I mean, obviously, you talk about the [indiscernible] saves and the cost saves and the COGS line. What is your impression of how it's shaking out on revenue? Are you losing any J-curve? Are you seeing more opportunities as you continue to do it? And I'll stop there.
E. Scott Santi: Sure. Our expectation is that BSS is very much going to drive a greatly enhanced focus in terms of the major growth opportunities in the company. So there is a big revenue component in terms of improved organic growth performance overall that's driving BSS. That being said, I think the focus around the company in the first year has largely been much more internal than external. I would expect '14 to be a year where we're still fairly heavily focused on completing some of the internal restructuring, but that we begin to start to pivot our view, if you will, from inside to outside in preparation for some accelerating organic growth in '15 and from '15 going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so just a quick question on the cost-outs. I know that historically, you've talked about the synergies that you plan to get being linear over the next 5 years. Can you just provide what the actual benefit that you received in '13 and what your expectation is for 2014?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, you're talking about on the BSS side and the sourcing side combined, we saw 110 basis points of improvement in the fourth quarter. And that built up really from -- if you go back into the first quarter of 40 basis points, then 60, then 80 in the third quarter, then 110 here. And we really expect to kind of have leveled out here at about 100 basis points improvement a quarter roughly as we move forward into 2014. Again, the way we've laid this out, we've talked a lot about the pace of execution here and not wanting to get too far ahead of ourselves and take risks that we don't need to. And so we've really laid it out in a fairly linear fashion here in terms of the restructuring costs, as well as the savings associated with those.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And so I mean, I calculated a number that was roughly $110 million to $120 million in savings in '13. And so in '14, it was really -- it was very, very much back half-loaded. So in 2014, since we're exiting at a higher run rate, you'd expect there then to be a benefit, an incremental benefit in '14 versus '13. Am I thinking about it correctly?
Michael M. Larsen: I think in terms of what you'll see is a 2014 that where the BSS savings will be very much in line with what we saw in 2013 and then continued progress on the sourcing side.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And I guess one last question on the incremental margins. Clearly, the margin performance across several of the segments were great. I'm just trying to understand, I'm trying to break up the difference between what you're getting from BSS and sourcing versus the incremental margins that you're seeing on your organic growth. Is there any heuristic that we should use or think about for '14 and beyond?
Michael M. Larsen: What I'll tell you that on the -- in terms of the incrementals on the organic growth, I mean, we remain in the 35% range. And anything beyond that is a combination really of BSS and sourcing efforts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You guys are still looking for 2.5% organic growth in 2014 at the midpoint versus the 2.8% in Q4. So just wondering if you're thinking that 2% to 3% growth forecast is conservative at this point? Or are there really areas you think are going to slow that you mentioned that you kind of want to be cautious at this point still?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I think what I'll say is the 2% to 3% organic, we view that as a realistic assumption for 2014 based on what we're seeing right now. And so if you look at 2013, the fourth quarter was really our first quarter of organic year-over-year growth at 2.8%. And while we're encouraged by some of the revenue growth we're seeing in our segments, we think it's a little too early to call these trends and get too far ahead of ourselves here. The other thing I will say is if you look at some of our more capital goods-driven businesses, including the Welding side in North America, we haven't quite seen the pickup yet in the CapEx cycle. So I'd say very much consistent with what we're seeing today. We've laid out the 2% to 3% organic consistent with what we said in December. And on a reported basis, that's about 2% to 4% revenue growth.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then at the Investor Day, you said if things lined up perfectly, you thought there could be some upside to the 10 million shares a quarter and 50 million total on repurchases. I guess, curious, how you're thinking about that now? I mean, I think if you do the math, I guess about 49 million shares in total that you're talking about?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So when we announced the IPG move to discontinued operations back in September, we also said that we would repurchase 50 million shares to offset the EPS that goes with IPG. Last year, we completed 14 -- or in the fourth quarter, we completed 14 million shares, slightly ahead of the 10 million planning assumption. And so we have 35 million shares to go. And if we remain on track here, as I said, we're slightly ahead of schedule, we could see that program get completed earlier than year-end. And if that happens, we should expect to see a slight EPS benefit associated with that. But I really can't comment much beyond that in terms of the actual timing and number of shares being repurchased by the company.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So it's a timing upside, not a number of shares upside?
Michael M. Larsen: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So the performance of the Auto OEM business continues to impress. And I'm just wondering, do you think you can maintain that going to 2014? And I'm just wondering how the new platform launch calendar looks for this year versus last year?
Michael M. Larsen: Nigel, I think we're in pretty good shape there for '14 and probably several quarters beyond that based on what we have visibility of right now.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then I think, Michael, you mentioned 14 million shares done. Was that actually in the quarter or does that include what you did -- where you've done in January as well?
Michael M. Larsen: That was in the fourth quarter.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Can you talk about what you've done in January, just in general?
Michael M. Larsen: No. I mean, what I can tell you is that we have an active program here, and we're committed to repurchasing the 35 million shares. And we are slightly ahead of schedule at this point, like I said.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And I know you addressed the question on disc ops, and it sounds like there's 1 or 2 discrete surcharges of it. If we look at the underlying performance of the IPG business, did it grow EBITDA in 2013? And you remain confident that you're going to close this deal by mid-2014, indicating there should be an announcement fairly soon. I'm just wondering, can you just maybe provide sort of a bit of comment into the timing? And would you expect it to be exits or could there be something along the lines of the structure that we saw with the exits?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, so here's what I'll say. I mean, we're targeting, to answer your last question first, a complete sale of the business and not a joint venture. We are very pleased with the auction process that we're running. The business, to your earlier question, is performing in line with, if not a little bit better than expectations. And so we're on track to complete a transaction, a closing of a transaction by the middle of this year. And so if you back into that, you would expect an announcement in the not-too-distant future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us just a little bit more color on the Food Equipment business, where you saw the strength of the small businesses? Was it institutional? Was there any buying at the end of the year for tax reasons, do you think? Or just a little bit more color on what's going on there?
E. Scott Santi: I think overall, what's driving the overall acceleration of growth is a much more active new product pipeline there that we've been working on for the last couple of years, and we've been commercializing steadily over the last 3 or 4 quarters. The overall environment here is, I would say, okay at best. So it's largely driven by, again, new product development in North America. And it's also had an effect or an impact in Europe, offset somewhat by the much more sluggish macro environment there.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And is it the more products filling out the product breadth or is it products into new customers?
E. Scott Santi: It would be much more about product enhancements. So innovation associated with water savings, energy savings, et cetera.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And the same question on the construction side. Are any of your customers buying into year-end for tax reasons? Or we haven't found anyone yet buying for tax reasons.
Michael M. Larsen: Certainly not on the commercial side.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Not on the commercial side, obviously. Okay, most of my other -- yes, go ahead. Sorry.
E. Scott Santi: I was just going to say, we didn't see a lot of acceleration in terms of year-end buying. I'd say from a standpoint of Test & Measurement, that business strengthened up to the extent there was a bit of use it or lose it there in terms of capital budgets, we really can't say, but that would be the one area that would maybe be a bit subject to some year-end sort of buying patterns. But across the board, it was pretty minimal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray of Citi.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the residential side up 12%, can you give us a split between how much of that is new builds versus renovation, and how you expect resi overall to play out during the course of 2014?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I mean, that's all new build. So when we give you the -- it's really the housing number. So the renovation would really go into our renovation category, which is represented by the box stores largely for us. So the number you saw for '12 is really housing, single-family housing and some multi in there. But it basically -- that's a number that you would want to track along with housing starts.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And so your expectation for the balance of the year?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, for the -- you mean for '14?
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, sorry.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, for '14, housing starts right now are running at about 1 million. I don't think we're seeing a projection that's dramatically higher than that for 2014. But I think you should expect us to probably, from a growth standpoint, to run at numbers that are consistent with what you're seeing right now, probably low double-digit on the housing side. I think the renovation on the commercial side -- commercial side in particular is too difficult to call right now in terms of what improvement we might see there.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then I also wanted to ask about M&A. And we know the new look ITW is 1/3 of top line is coming from M&A on a go-forward basis. So maybe some observations, color on what the funnel looks like, the size of deals, pricing and so forth.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think what I would say for now is I would expect 2014 to look a lot like 2013 looked like. We had 3 really nice, very tight fit, highly strategic deals that we did. And I think the revenue contribution in Q4 was about 2% from those. And I think our -- my expectation for '14 would be that would look very similar to that. I would -- I'm not sure how to comment on the pricing environment other than to say...
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, you walked away from deals because of pricing?
E. Scott Santi: No, I think we're -- it's much more about sort of the strategic filter right now than it is the pricing. And so the things that we got really interested in, in 2013, we were able to close. And I would expect that we'd have the same ability to be successful in 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann of Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Any update on your price cost assumptions for 2014?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So we're still -- we're tracking. If you look at '13, we had about 40 basis points of favorable price cost. That's a difficult number to forecast. And while we're not seeing a lot of significant cost pressure at this point, so we're basically going with the 20 to 30 basis points for 2014.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. And then can I just ask about Test & Measurement and Electronics? The margin obviously was up nicely there. And I'm wondering if that's sort of mix related with more Test & Measurement or if it's more sort of enterprise initiatives or just any commentary there?
Michael M. Larsen: I mean, it's really a combination of all of the above, including the flow-through on the 9% organic growth in the Test & Measurement business. So really a combination of all of the above.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli of Longbow Securities.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Just a follow-up on Steve's question. Can you talk a little bit about -- you see any effect from the strong dollar and what's going on in pricing across your markets? Is pricing sort of benign? Was there any areas of price improvement taking place?
Michael M. Larsen: So on the dollar-euro, our rate that we're using for this year on average is about -- at $1.34, consistent with last year. So we're not seeing a -- in our forecast, but that's kind of what we're planning for. Because we have manufacturing in the international markets that -- on cost associated with that, we don't see large swings in earnings per share in terms of changes to the euro-dollar rate. On the price side of things, what I'd say is that we've historically done a good job offsetting inflation with price. And we continue to see that. I think some of the highlights for the fourth quarter, if you look at our Welding business in particular, we were able to continue to see favorable price cost dynamics. So but really no change in terms of the pricing environment.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: And just a quick follow-up. I mean, your 3 businesses -- the 3 businesses you highlighted was Automotive and Food Equipment, and Welding was flat. Are those 3 higher-margin businesses a goal in 2014 to sustain margins? Or is there still areas of improvement that can take place, given just a little bit of different kind of demand trends in '14 versus '13?
E. Scott Santi: Well, we expect all of our operating segments -- operating margins in '14 to be better than '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Scott, your international welding business flipped pretty dramatically in terms of growth in the quarter. You mentioned the strength in Europe, but it really was a pretty big change. Was this sort of new product penetration something different that happened there? Because I think it went from like negative 11% to 4%, something like that?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, our European welding business is largely centered on oil and gas. And so what really is going to drive most of the swing quarter-to-quarter is much more about projects and the timing of those projects. So...
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is that sustainable, though, Scott, going forward then?
E. Scott Santi: Well, we kind of -- we remain very bullish on the oil and gas play on our welding business for the long haul. I think the -- and we expect our oil and gas component of our welding business to be a strong organic grower for at least the next 3 to 4 years out as far as we can see. I think whether you're going to see it consistently grow quarter-to-quarter in Europe, given that it's a relatively small business, I can't say. But overall, we expect the demand environment there to continue and improve. We're very active in that space with new product development, product innovation. And that will continue to help drive the overall growth rates there.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe just stepping back, I think we all understand the need to be conservative when looking at organic growth for 2014. But maybe you can talk about the pieces of your forecast that you gave at the Analyst Day? If you look at 2% to 3% in North America, 1% and 2% in Europe, 4% to 6% in Asia Pacific and other, I guess what I see is Europe is maybe trending toward the higher end of expectation. You've had really strong growth in South America. Maybe you could talk about that and any risk you see, a slowdown in the emerging markets?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think the overall framework, and we've talked about this in New York in December, was our model is we're going to forecast based on demand rates that we're seeing now. And to the extent we saw some slight uptick in a couple of parts of the company in the fourth quarter is certainly something we'd rather have than not, but ultimately to overreact too much to some relatively short-term trends in an overall macro environment that's been pretty choppy for 8 quarters or more. I think we're on a wait-and-see mode. We've got a business plan setup where we're going to deliver between 18% and 24% earnings growth at the revenue forecast that we have right now. Could things be better next year? Sure. Could they be worse? They could, but I think we're trying to sort of walk down the path of reasonable expectations in a solid business plan where we can grow earnings in a significant way, regardless of the macro environment.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think that's fair, Scott. But is it fair to say that Europe, at least, has been tracking better than the expectations or am I putting words in your mouth?
E. Scott Santi: I think it's become firmer.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, more stable.
E. Scott Santi: Industrial production in Europe is still negative. I think the last equivalent of the PMI index in Europe is still running negative. So it's -- I think there's plenty of reason for wait-and-see.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I mean, we saw 2% organic growth here in Europe in the quarter. And our guidance for the year assumes 1% to 2%. So I think, again, we're right in line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just want to make sure I'm getting this correct on the combined margin impact of anticipated BSS global procurement and restructuring. If I'm doing the math correctly on the restructuring, it seem like you incurred close to $140 million in 2013. I'm wondering, is any of that related to IPG or is that ongoing ops?
Michael M. Larsen: No, the correct number is $114 million. I think you said $140 million. So it's $114 million was our spend in -- or our investment, if you like, in 2013. And that excludes IPG. And our assumption for '14 right now is $100 million of restructuring. And we've laid that out as approximately $25 million a quarter.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great, Michael. And then if you take a little bit smaller depth than I was looking at, the $14 million decrease, does that mean we're emerging from the heavy lifting period related to setting the foundation for the enterprise strategy?
Michael M. Larsen: I wouldn't say that. I mean, I think we're 1.5 years into the restructuring, the BSS efforts. And we have at least another year to go here with some significant work to be done, including in places like Europe that can be a little bit more challenging. So I wouldn't say that it's getting easier from here.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then there've been some questions around this next one. Could you give us the end of fourth quarter diluted share count?
Michael M. Larsen: 430 million, I believe.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly...
Michael M. Larsen: Sorry, hang on, the 430 million is the basic number. So 440 million is the diluted number.
John L. Brooklier: 433 million.
Michael M. Larsen: 433 million, sorry.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then what sort of issues would cause you to change the repurchase pace for the balance of 2014 from what you actually realized in Q4?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I mean, I think the pace is going to be dictated, to some extent, by the 3 things that I laid out, which is our ability to continue to generate strong free cash flow, which I think we had another good fourth quarter. That will be typically seasonality. We're going to be a little bit lower than that here in the first quarter. We are funding some of these repurchases with short-term debt. And so in the fourth year, that was predominantly through our commercial paper program. We've got some things coming up here in the first half of the year that we want to refinance at some very attractive rates. And so the timing around that needs to be aligned. And then I'd say the last piece here is really the transaction, the closing of the transaction for IPG, the proceeds of which will be, to some extent, used to buy back shares. And so I think those are the things that along would obviously, we continue to look at the kind of the cash on hand in North America, and therefore, what's available for repurchase. So those are kind of the 3 variables that would determine the timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Did you give a range of organic expectation in the first quarter? I think you said it was going to be comparable to the fourth quarter, right? So that's around 3%. Is there a range tied to that? You gave a range of 3% to 6% for -- in the press release. I'm just wondering what you think in terms of organic growth in the first quarter vis-à-vis range?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think it will be similar, kind of the 2.5% to 3% range is what we're projecting right now, similar to what we did in the fourth quarter. The comps year-over-year are a little bit easier. We were actually down in the first quarter last year.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, actually, Michael, the comps are a lot easier. And I'm sorry, what's the 2.5% to 3%? Is that...
Michael M. Larsen: It's organic.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm asking -- what do you think? You gave a sales range for the first quarter of 3% to 6%. What do you -- is that consistent with an -- would that spread be the organic range?
Michael M. Larsen: No, that's the reported range. So that still has some of the acquisitions from '13.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you're just making a point estimate for organic growth in the first quarter?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I mean, I can tell you 2% to 4%. And so that would be midpoint of about 3%, which is what we did in the fourth quarter.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, so 2% to 4%. So just kind of get to the heart of my question, like your organic growth for the year has only got a point of difference, right, 2% to 3%. Yet your first quarter, if you just think of the time value of risk, should be -- you clearly have visibility into the first part of January and the business trends in your company. Why would you have a 2-point spread in organic growth in the first quarter and only 1 point for the year? Isn't the year a little bit more harder to forecast around now than the first quarter?
E. Scott Santi: John, I think we're splitting hairs here. I mean, I think we discussed a point earlier. We...
Michael M. Larsen: And you're free to do your own forecast.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, yes, yes.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So I'm not disputing your methodology. I'm just trying to understand. Is there anything that's implicit in the way you've provided for first quarter that we're supposed to be recognizing either because of something specific to the compare, which is obviously very easy, or some other aspect, just to make sure that we've got our Is and Ts dotted and crossed as we roll into...
Michael M. Larsen: We've built an organic forecast that is predicated on same number of days for the quarter.
E. Scott Santi: And we are projecting Q4 daily demand rates into Q1.
Michael M. Larsen: Into Q1, with an easier comp gives us a number of x is then that range that Michael talked about.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So when you gave the 2% to 3% for the year, if I go back to the December outlook meeting, I think if I'm not mistaken, pretty much the 2% to 3% was predicated, considering you have pretty easy compares in '14 on sort of no business change or cadence sequentially. Yet it does appear the quarter has actually ended better sort of on an organic note. So am I still reading that right? So in other words, equal...
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think, John, we're back to where we were before, which is if you really want to bite on these Q4 trends as strong momentum building trends, you could absolutely have a more optimistic view of '14. In our view, it's a little early for that. I think we'll talk to you at the end of first quarter. And if we see 2 quarters in a row, we're going to be much more comfortable sort of ramping as we go forward. But given the environment over the last 8 quarters, and like Michael said, some of the things we're seeing in parts of the business where we're still very sluggish in welding, still very sluggish in a number of the capital goods sectors. I think we're comfortable with where we sit.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's fine, Scott. I just want to make sure the framework's consistent, and there's nothing else that's been adjusted in some manner that still gets you to the same outlook. But that's great. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre of Robert W. Baird & Co.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A lot has been covered, but if I go back to the Welding segment, maybe you can provide us a little bit of color on consumables versus equipment demand and how you're thinking about that maybe going forward and the potential impact on incremental margin on the segment in '14?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I guess where I would start is where we're really seeing the drag. The demand drag right now is really in the heavier equipment sector, sort of take a lot of what you're hearing about from the mining exposure in other heavy equipment industries. And we're a major supplier in that space. And that's really been the headwind. We've had reasonably good performance in the commercial end of the business from the standpoint of organic growth. So it's not really a consumable versus equipment mix issue. It's really more of an end market exposure issue. And our equipment business with improved results in this heavy equipment space, it's -- the overall business is certainly highly profitable for us. But that segment or that sector in particular is a very strong one for us. So if we get some reasonable recoveries and go through '14 and start to see some growth again in this heavy equipment space, it should be favorable to the overall margin profile of the business.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I see. But you haven't seen maybe, I don't know, wishful thinking on my part, an uptick in consumables or anything like that as of yet?
E. Scott Santi: Not yet.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question is going back to the Construction segment. It was a good color around North America, but I'm wondering can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing outside like EMEA and Australia, specifically?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, I think Australia has actually performed pretty well. If anything, it was a slight upside in terms of our own projections in Q4 up, I think, 4% or so. So some reasonably good performance in Australia. Europe remains its luck. But as we've talked before, we've got a lot of work on the cost structure in Europe that's in front of us. So not super worried about the demand side in Europe right now. But I think Australia, we actually were modestly surprised on the upside in terms of the overall demand.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. So it's not just the easy comps issue you're saying? It's sort of more than that?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shivangi Tipnis of Global Hunter.
Shivangi Tipnis: Most of it is already covered, but I just have one question on the margin. So you're expecting about 19% for 2014. So that's about 120% -- sorry, it's about 120 bps improvement. The guidance on your long-term goal was 20%-plus for the margin and ROIC, which is a quite impressive improvement. Should we expect this 20% market growth in early 2015 or so or maybe like it would still be about 2016, 2017?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I mean, I think we're -- if I understood your question correctly, we're not giving guidance for '15 today. I mean, we're -- we've said that -- you're right that it's about 120 basis points of margin improvement and assumed in the guidance for 2014. And that puts us right on track with the targets that we laid out 1.5 years or 2 years ago almost at the -- for the 2012, 2017 strategy. And so we would say we're right on track to achieve the 20%-plus operating margins.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay, okay, sounds good. And then just one last question on the organic mix with China. So it's about -- it looks like about 43% of your international revenue were organic. So about -- that's about like 3% of the 7% sales growth. So -- and much of it was from South Africa -- or South America and China. So do you expect this pattern to continue in 2014 or we should expect like the change in a mix due to M&A or maybe the other thing would be like China's fragmented GDP growth, the inflation pressure than the recent PMI, which was below 50. Does that concern you for China's organic 2014 growth?
E. Scott Santi: No. No, our China business is driven mostly by our Auto OEM business, which is then, as John commented earlier, a very strong performer. And we expect that to continue for a while into the future.
Operator: Our last question comes from Mr. David Raso of ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I'll be quick. Two of the deltas for '14 versus '13 help organic. You hope to be having a lot easier comps and maybe some growth in Electronics and then the absence of the PLS drag that you had in Polymers this year. Can you quantify those? Like for example, what are you forecasting Electronics to be in '14 after being down 10% to 15% drag in '13? And again, what's the quantification on a PLS drag that you had in '13 that I assume goes away in '14?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, so we're really expecting an Electronics business in '14 that's largely flat with '13. So not expecting significant improvement. I think on the PLS side, I don't think we've broken that out historically by business. But I think we would say in the Polymers & Fluids business that the majority of that activity is behind us at this point. And so we'd expect to see a slightly better '14 than '13.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you help us a little bit on the size of the PLS drag in '13?
Michael M. Larsen: Not really, no, no.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you again, and stay warm.
Operator: Thank you, sir. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Michael M. Larsen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn the meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to ITW's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me on today's call is our President and CEO, Scott Santi. And I would also like to introduce and welcome a new member of the ITW team to today's call, our new CFO, Michael Larsen. As many of you may recall, Michael joined us last month from Gardner Denver, where he served as both CEO and CFO during his time there. I know Michael looks forward to meeting both our current and prospective investors, as well as the analysts who cover us. During today's call, Scott, Michael and I will discuss our strong Q3 financial results and also cover our newly updated Q4 and full year forecast. Before we continue, let me do a few housekeeping items. I'd like to remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the full year and the 2013 fourth quarter, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. I won't read through the entire slide, but I'll let you do that as I move to the next slide. One other housekeeping item. The telephone replay for this conference call is (866) 431-5846. No passcode is necessary, and the playback for the call will be available until 12 midnight, the night of November 5, 2013. Now let's move on. Let me introduce our CEO, Scott Santi, who will comment on our Q3 performance. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Overall, I was pleased with our third quarter performance. In an economic environment that remains choppy at best, we were able to deliver solid operating results while we continued to make meaningful progress in the execution of our enterprise initiatives. From a geographic perspective, while we are seeing pockets of growth in the Asia-Pacific region and Europe appears to have stabilized, North America remains a mixed bag. Against this backdrop, our Automotive OEM segment continued to deliver strong growth with organic revenues up 11.5% in Q3 versus worldwide auto builds that were up 4% in the quarter. In addition, we saw a noticeable improvement in the growth trajectory of our Food Equipment segment, where organic revenues were up 4.4% in the quarter. In terms of segment performance, one other element I would highlight is the 250 basis points of year-on-year margin improvement delivered by our Construction Products segment in the quarter. As I have noted previously, we are focused on getting our Construction margins up to ITW standards, and our Construction Products management team made solid progress in this regard in Q3. Regarding earnings, Q3 EPS of $0.90 came in $0.02 higher than the midpoint of our forecast. Per our announcement last month, we revised our earnings forecast to reflect our plan to divest our Industrial Packaging business and the associated reclassification of the segment into disco. While this -- with this move, we believe investors now have a clear line of sight on our go-forward portfolio and its underlying earnings growth potential. On our enterprise initiatives, our worldwide management team continued to lead solid execution throughout the organization in Q3. In the quarter, we got 80 basis points of margin contribution directly from our enterprise initiatives, which drove overall enterprise operating margins of 19% in the quarter, a rate that was among the highest in the history of the company. A final word on capital allocation. We continue to remain return-focused on the best ways to utilize our capital. As you can see from our Q3 results, we continued to generate strong levels of free cash. Our free cash conversion rate through the first 9 months of 2013 was well over 100%. Year-to-date, we have returned nearly $1.6 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. And as a reminder, we also announced last month that we intend to utilize our existing share repurchase authorization to offset the full amount of EPS dilution associated with the divestiture of Industrial Packaging. Now let me turn the call over to Michael, who will now cover Q3 financial highlights. Michael?
Michael M. Larsen: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. First, let me say that I'm very pleased to have joined the ITW team at such an exciting time for the company. I look forward to working with our talented worldwide management team on executing our enterprise strategy, with a strong focus on creating long-term shareholder value. It's great to be here. Okay. Before I go through our third quarter results, let's start on Slide 5. And since there are a few moving pieces this quarter and not everyone's estimates have been updated since the announcement of September 24, I'd like to quickly walk you through EPS guidance versus actual for the third quarter and full year 2013. On September 24, we announced the sales process for our Industrial Packaging segment and moved IPG to discontinued operations, which at the midpoint reduced third quarter EPS by $0.14 and the full year by $0.53. At the same time, we announced a $0.09 discrete nonrecurring tax item related to foreign earnings in Australia. And as a result, we reduced our 3Q EPS forecast midpoint from $1.11 to $0.88 and the full year 2013 from $4.20 to $3.58. Our actual third quarter results had diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.90 or $0.02 better than the September midpoint, primarily as a result of better operational performance. Adding back the $0.09 tax item, our third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.99, an increase of about 12% versus prior year when you exclude the 2012 Decorative Surfaces operating results. Turning to Slide 6, let me give you some additional detail on our third quarter performance. As Scott said, this was a good quarter as the ITW team executed well and delivered solid margin expansion and strong cash flows. Total revenues of $3.6 billion increased 2.9% versus prior year. Again, this is excluding Decorative Surfaces. Worldwide organic revenue was up 0.4% as growth internationally was partially offset by North America, and revenue from acquisitions contributed 2.4 percentage points. While we continue to see a mixed economic environment and had some comp challenges in one of our segments, growth rates in the quarter were encouraging as they improved sequentially from the first half of 2013, and we saw solid growth in several of our segments. We'll get into more detail on geography and segments in a few minutes. Operating income was $678 million, up 8.4% versus last year, and our operating margins were one of the highlights of the quarter at 19%, 110 basis points higher than last year. We're pleased with the progress and momentum on our strategic initiatives as we enter into the fourth quarter and 2014. And while 19% operating margins in the quarter and 17.8% on a year-to-date basis are positive signs, we clearly expect that there's more to come as we execute well on the strategy. On Slide 7, organic revenue is up 0.4% for the quarter versus being down 1.1% in the first half of '13. We continue to see strength in Automotive OEM, up nearly 12% organically. And we're also encouraged by a 4% organic growth in Food Equipment, including growth in the higher margin service business. We also saw positive across-the-board momentum in our North American Construction business, which increased 9%. As usual, John will cover the segment performance in greater detail in a few slides. Looking at organic growth by geography, our international revenues were up 2.9% in the quarter, with Asia-Pacific organic revenues increasing nearly 7%, led by strong growth in China. Our European organic revenues were positive, up 1% in the quarter, which marks the first quarter of organic growth in Europe since the first quarter of 2012. While our North American organic revenues decreased 1.4%, the softness was largely driven by electronics assembly platform. As we mentioned last quarter, we're dealing with difficult comps from last year, which will ease here in the fourth quarter. Excluding the electronics assembly platform, our total company organic revenues are up 2.6% in North America and up 2.9% on a worldwide basis. Acquisitions added 2.4 percentage points of revenue growth, led by 2 international acquisitions this quarter, a European Consumer Packaging equipment business and a Chinese Food Equipment business, which gives us entry to the fast-growing Chinese Western cooking industry. I should mention that while it's still early days, the acquisitions are performing in line with our expectations. Like I mentioned, operating margins for the quarter were 19%, up 110 basis points from last year, as base business margins were up 120 basis points. Key drivers of the margin expansion was 80 basis points from our enterprise initiatives, largely related to our simplification initiatives, as well as benefits from strategic sourcing. Price cost favorability also improved margins 30 basis points. In summary, we're encouraged by some of the recent revenue trends in the quarter and remain focused on executing on our enterprise strategy to deliver our margin expansion, cash flow and strong returns. On Slide 8, free operating cash flow of $732 million for the quarter was an increase of 34% versus prior year. And on a year-to-date basis, net cash provided from operating activities was about $1.8 billion. Capital expenditures were $257 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of about $1.6 billion as we converted free operating cash on 110% of adjusted net income on a year-to-date basis. Returns are also trending well as adjusted return on invested capital on a year-to-date basis was 16.3%, 110 basis improvement versus last year. On Slide 9, a quick update on our disciplined capital allocation. In the third quarter, we repurchased 5.2 million shares, and on a year-to-date basis, we repurchased 15.6 million shares. Our ending share count for the third quarter was 443.8 million shares. The remaining share repurchase authorization is approximately $6.8 billion. And as announced in September, we intend to utilize it to offset the IPG divestiture-related EPS dilution by repurchasing approximately 50 million shares funded through a combination of sales proceeds, free operating cash flow and additional leverage. Our debt ratios, as you can see, are largely unchanged. And considering our strong balance sheet and cash flows, we continue to have plenty of flexibility from a capital structure standpoint. With that, I'll turn it back over to John for some additional color on the quarter. John?
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. I'll take just a few moments to review our Q3 geographic trends on Slide 10. As Michael noted earlier, our reported organic revenues increased 0.4%, with international revenues growing 3% and North America organic revenues decreasing about 1%. Internationally, an important number for us was European revenue growth of 1% in Q3. This gives us even more conviction that at a minimum, Europe has formed a strong base level. We also like what we saw in China and Australia/New Zealand. Organic revenues grew 22% and 5%, respectively, in the quarter. Now let's move to Slide 11. For our Q3 segment results, I'll cover the underlying organic growth details for these and other segments on the following slide. Let's focus on the profitability side. It's important to note that in aggregate, we had 6 out of 7 segments produce operating margin gains in the quarter, with Auto OEM, Polymers & Fluids and Construction Products generating operating margin improvement of at least 200 basis points in the quarter. We are encouraged by the breadth of contributions to our improving operating margin performance. Now let's move to Slide 12 and take a brief look at our reporting segments. Starting with our Test & Measurement Electronics segment, organic revenues declined 12%. By category, total Electronics organic revenues fell 21%, largely due to the aforementioned comp issue related to our electronics assembly business. The better news is that we expect this comp to be far less negative in Q4. Also, please note that our other group of electronics businesses, which include the majority of category revenues and consist of adhesives, contamination control, electronic packaging and electrostatic control products, that part of the portfolio grew 5% in Q3. In Test & Measurement, organic revenues declined a very modest 1%. And to put this segment profitability in context, please remember that operating margins for the entire segment still totaled a solid 16.3% in Q3. On the Automotive OEM segment, once again, it was ITW's fastest growing segment. In total, Auto OEM's organic revenues grew approximately 12% versus a worldwide auto build of 4%. In Q3, the story was the same as prior quarters. Our advanced value-added engineering of products to worldwide OEMs helped us grow well above auto builds. By geography, international organic revenues grew 13%. And notably, European organic revenues increased 9% even as auto builds only grew 2% in that region. In Asia Pacific, our organic revenues grew 24%, thanks in large part to our rapidly growing China auto business, which was up 40% in Q3. And by comparison, China auto builds were only up 9% in the quarter. And in North America, organic revenues grew 10% versus an auto build increase of 6%. All in all, this was another very strong quarter of growth and profitability from our Auto OEM business. In our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues were flat but showed sequential improvement from prior quarters as we started to anniversary easier comps based on some of the product line simplification activity from 2012. Segment organic revenues declined 7% in Q1 and decreased 4% in Q2. In Q3, the best news stem from our auto aftermarket businesses that produced organic revenue growth of 2%. Growth in this category was driven by our North American engine repair and car care businesses. In our polymers and hygiene, as well as fluids categories, organic revenues declined 1% and 2%, respectively, due to residual PLS activities and assorted end market weakness in these platforms. In Q3, however, operating margins hit 18.1% for the segment. And as noted earlier, that's 220 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Moving to Food Equipment. We clearly saw improving end market conditions and better sales focus drive the best organic performance of the year for Food Equipment. As Scott noted earlier, total organic revenues grew 4% in the quarter, with strong growth and profitability contributions from the North American and international equipment and service businesses. In North America, equipment and service-related organic revenues grew 2% and 8%, respectively. The growth in North America service was due to new customer signings. Internationally, equipment and service produced organic revenue growth of 4% and 5%, respectively. And the growth in international equipment relates to new product launches from our European warewash business, as well as better sales from our U.K. refrigeration business. Operating margins of nearly 20% were 90 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Moving to the Welding segment. Worldwide organic revenues declined 4%. Organic revenues for our international North American categories decreased 11% and 1%, respectively. Notably, equipment revenues were positive, but consumable revenues were negative in the quarter. Internationally, organic revenues fell largely as a result of our Asian business continuing to transition its portfolio from the low-margin shipbuilding revenues to higher-margin business associated with oil and gas as well as infrastructure projects. In North America, organic revenues were modestly negative. Despite lower-than-expected organic revenues in this particular segment, operating margins continued to be very strong at 25.4% for the quarter, and that's 90 basis points of improvement versus last year. We should note our Construction Products segment, we produced an array of encouraging numbers as organic revenues grew 3% for the entire segment in the quarter. North American construction organic revenues increased 9%, with residential up 13%, renovation up 16% and even our commercial construction category was up 5% versus the year-ago period. So good news on the North American side. Internationally was a tale of 2 geographies. Asia-Pacific organic revenues grew 4%, largely on improving markets and better sales activity in Australia/New Zealand. In Europe, organic revenues declined 4% as government spending and commercial construction projects remained a bit weak. Notably, segment operating margins continued their upward climb during 2013 to 16.2% in Q3. As mentioned earlier, that's 250 basis points higher than the year-ago period. In Specialty Products, segment organic revenues grew 2% in the quarter, and segment growth was helped by 3% worldwide organic growth from our Consumer Packaging business. Within Consumer Packaging, Q3 highlights include new business pickups at our Hi-Cone Brazil business, as well as growth in our warehouse automation category of businesses. The offset to that was worldwide appliance, where organic revenues declined 1% in the quarter as white good sales were sluggish in Europe. Q3 segment operating margins of 21.1% remain strong or 150 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Now having done that, let's turn the call back over to Michael, who will update you on our Q4 and full year forecast.
Michael M. Larsen: All right. Thanks, John. So on Slide 13 and as a reminder, our forecast has IPG and discontinued operations and our 2012 comps on this page exclude Decorative Surfaces. So starting with the fourth quarter, we expect diluted EPS from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.85 to $0.93, which assumes total adjusted revenue growth of 2% to 5%, and organic year-over-year growth slightly higher than the third quarter. Keep in mind the typical revenue seasonality from the third to the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter restructuring is in line with the third quarter, and we expect a tax rate of approximately 29% in line with prior quarter guidance. As announced, we are actively repurchasing shares. And while we can't comment on the specific number and timing, we have plans to repurchase more shares in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. So for 2013, we expect diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $3.56 to $3.64, with the midpoint of $3.60, up 12% from prior year and up $0.02 from our September guidance, primarily as a result of our third quarter performance. If you look at the walk at the bottom of the page, starting with our 2012 adjusted EPS of $3.21, base performance and initiative at $0.33 for the year and the other major positive driver here our share buyback program at $0.17 and partially offset by pension and restructuring, which takes us to our 2013 forecast midpoint of $3.60. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to John for Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Michael. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We will compete the call at the top of the hour, so that leaves roughly 40 minutes for questions. We're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jamie Cook.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. One, on the Construction side, if you could just give a little color on how you think about the margin improvement, what sort of revenue-driven versus what you've done internally? And it also looks like for the first time in a while, commercial construction has turned the corner. So if you could give any color on that front, that would be helpful as well.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I would say that from the standpoint of overall margin, significantly more than 1/2 the improvement was what I would describe as structural cost improvement rather than revenue-driven. And from the standpoint of commercial activity in North America, what I would say right now is we're certainly encouraged by the uptick we saw in Q3, but I think it's a quarter or 2 more before we call it a trend.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Volkmann.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I'm going to switch to Automotive if it's all right. Obviously, you guys had been outperforming the market for quite a while here. I guess I'm just trying to think over the next few quarters. As you look at programs that you're on, I would think you'd probably have some visibility into sort of how long this can continue, and I'm curious about your thoughts there.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I would say based on -- we have about 3 years worth of forward visibility in terms of new content that we are engineering and selling-in. And sitting here today, we feel pretty good about the next 2 or 3 years in Automotive, for sure.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So you'll continue to outperform whatever builds are?
E. Scott Santi: I would expect that, yes.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, where is your comfort level on whatever ratio you want to use, debt-to-cap or debt-to-EBITDA or whatever? And how much leverage theoretically would you be comfortable with as we go forward here?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So what I'd say is we're working through the plans here for 2014. Obviously, if you look at our balance sheet and our strong cash flows, we're comfortable with what I would describe as quite a bit more leverage. And really to utilize that for the 50 million shares that we are going to buy back for the IPG-related divestiture. So that will be -- really be a combination of continued strong free cash flow. We had a good quarter here in the third quarter, as well as the sales proceeds and then additional leverage. That would keep us within a range of, I'd say we'd be very comfortable with and wouldn't have a significant impact on our ratings. So I don't have a firm number for you as we sit here today because we're still working through the plans, but that's kind of the framework we're operating within.
Operator: Our next question is from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Michael, welcome aboard. So maybe if on margins, obviously, a very strong quarter. A couple of things. One, if you can provide some color on sourcing. Sounds like that contributed to the quarter, so where we are versus expectations and how to think about '14. And then if you can step back, Scott, and maybe talk about the long-term margin goals that you laid out last year, how do you feel given the already very impressive performance, is that 20%-plus goal that is in sight now? Is that goal, you think, conservative?
E. Scott Santi: Well, sort of first question first. What I would say from the standpoint of enterprise impact in the aggregate, we are essentially right where we expect to be. We're tracking the plan. What we talked about a year ago was the fact that the business simplification was going to be more of a contributor towards the earlier half of the 5-year period, and the sourcing initiative was going to be a larger contributor towards the back half, and I think that's exactly how it's playing out. So out of the 80 bps of contribution, certainly, you can expect that more of that -- a larger percentage of that came from the simplification initiative in Q3. And again that's, I think, right in line with what we communicated when we announced this plan a year ago. We continue to build momentum in sourcing, and it's really made a meaningful contribution in the quarter. And I think we've said previously that our overall savings from sourcing will exceed our plan in 2013. As far as the long-term objectives, I think what we said all along was our goals were 20%-plus on both margin and ROIC. This was certainly a nice performance in the third quarter at 19%. I'll remind you that's a quarterly number, what we're -- what we have described in terms of enterprise goal is sort of annual performance, so we are clearly in the third quarter, from a seasonality standpoint, in a place where the revenue helps us in terms overall margins. So it's certainly nice to see the progress and the trajectory. We remain I think very -- very comfortable and very committed to the overall enterprise goals that I've talked about or that we've talked about a year ago. This quarter represents again some nice progress and some continuing momentum. We go back to the -- just the contributions from these initiatives over the prior 3 quarters, we had 40 basis points in Q1, 60 in Q2, 80 in Q3. So I'm pleased with the momentum, what we're building behind this. But ultimately, we're not at a place where we're declaring a new goal. I think the overall enterprise initiatives still are in place and are confident that by 2017, certainly encouraged by the progress we're making that the goals that we put in place are very achievable. I'll leave it at that.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. That's very helpful. And one quick one on weldings. The consumables business down in the quarter. Is that just a mix shift towards higher margin products or are you seeing any change in the underlying demand characteristics?
E. Scott Santi: I think the biggest impact on a global basis is really the continued downshift in China away from the shipbuilding business. That was largely a consumable position. I think North America, the overall color is and you've heard this from a lot of our customers in terms of the mining industry, some of the heavy equipment manufacturers. That's really where a lot of the sort of market pressure has been. And I think ultimately to see the equipment business be slightly positive in that environment, we feel pretty good about.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: You had called out the swings, I guess, in electronics assembly are -- previously with last year being very strong, this year, weak. Is that a business that's going to continue to sort of careen back and forth? Can you talk about where you think the normal volumes might be and whether you're -- which way you're sizing for?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I -- the way I would describe it is the real sort of volatility in terms of comps that we're dealing with relates to a single customer and what I would describe as a very one-off kind of situation last year. So obviously, a significant impact in the quarter when we're talking about almost 3 full percentage points of impact on organic growth. But I think we're very comfortable with the electronics business we have. We're not a producer of components. We are basically supplying mostly MRO-related products to that industry and where the sort of volatility as it relates to manufacturing equipment used in that industry. And on a go-forward basis, our intention is certainly not to -- or our expectation is we're not going to see this kind of volatility. We're not going to manage the business to either create or try to serve that kind of volatility on a go-forward basis. Another thing I would point out is that the core margins from an operating standpoint in the electronics business in Q3, even at obviously, a low point in the market of north of 20%, if you strip out the amortization and acquisition-related accounting. So from an operating perspective -- we had a lot of value in the business as we own in that sector, but our sort of intentions on a go-forward basis are, certainly, to manage it to -- in a way that we have much more diversity in terms of end customer and end market exposure.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: That was very helpful. And then sort of follow-up on growth, I mean, you guys have been doing great on Automotive, as Steve mentioned, for quite a while now. And you have, over the many years, invested a lot in innovation. Are you able to see down the road in any of your other sub segments whether you've had an acceleration in -- and what you think your innovation payoff is going to be? Can we expect that Automotive to be replicated anywhere else?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think the Automotive business is -- when we talk about sort of rebalancing of the overall growth focus of the company, we've talked about it before and really shifting from a growth model over the last 20 or 25 years, that was over 2/3 acquisitive to on a go-forward basis now being 2/3 organic. I think the Automotive business represents a great example of what the rest of the company ultimately is in the process of becoming. We get there, in large part, through a lot of the portfolio work that we've been doing. So as we refocus the portfolio only on areas that have the ability to drive innovation as a core part of the market characteristics in which we operate, it really elevates, from the standpoint of overall impact on the company, our ability to have a certain amount of our organic growth within our own control through the amount of innovation that we drive.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Scott, I'm really impressed with the Food Equipment growth in the quarter, especially compared to last quarter. John mentioned some of the reasons, new product launches and new customer signings. But we know that you're also focused more on fast food and casual dining. Have you seen any fruits of that? And then is it really the European business that turned in the quarter sequentially or Asia? I mean, what resulted in the strong performance?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think a little bit of all of the above. The European business, even the equipment sales, being positive year-on-year in Q3, was a nice step forward. And again some of that was driven back to the prior question on some new product launches in the warewash business in Europe. And what I would say overall in terms of Food Equipment, in terms of the sort of transition, that we've been on a fairly heavy focus around margin improvement in that business for the last 2 years. And I think largely, what this represents are some encouraging signs around our belief that now shift a much more focused business more front and center on a growth agenda. And one quarter in, it's important that obviously, we sustain it going forward from here, but I think it was -- we're very pleased to see growth in both the equipment and the service business in the quarter.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, Scott. And if I could ask you about your 4Q '13 guide. Seasonally, usually in 4Q, you get a drop-off in margins, so I guess I'm not perturbed by what I see. But it's a pretty significant drop off at the midpoint of the revenue range, if I'm doing this right. Is there anything in there, like restructuring seems about the same between 3Q and 4Q. Is it just conservatism, given choppy end-markets? Am I missing something as I look at 4Q versus 3Q margins?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, and I'd say there's really nothing unusual in here. I think if you go back and look over time, we typically see a 2% to 3% decline in revenues from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, driven by the seasonality in some of our businesses. And so if you take the flow-through on that, that really accounts for the majority of the margin decline here sequentially. I think year-over-year, in terms of margins, we're still going to put up some pretty good numbers, in part given some favorable comparisons. But this is really nothing unusual, kind of typical seasonality from the third to the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can we talk a little bit about the North America construction businesses, the residential, renovation and commercial. You gave good color on Food Equipment about what was kind of market growth versus what ITW specifically did to outgrow the end-markets. Could you talk a little bit about that construction businesses in the same vein?
E. Scott Santi: Yes. What I would say about construction in North America is I think it was, probably, the bulk of the contribution was from overall market lift. As I've said earlier, it's an area that we are very focused around structural cost and margin improvement, so we certainly got innovation agenda there, but it's not one that is front and center at the moment.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, but -- good to know. And then on the price cost side, can you talk a little bit about that? How much is price? How much is cost? Is it the cost of steel has gone down? Or what businesses were impacted, just if you could expand on the price/cost comment, I'd appreciate it.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, I mean, we had some material deflation in the quarter in line with a little bit better than prior quarter. And then as the majority of the 30 basis points really came from the price line. And part of that is targeted price increases as a result of some of the PLS work done in some of our segments.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And any segment in particular benefiting or not benefiting?
Michael M. Larsen: Really across the board, I'd say if you look at maybe Polymers & Fluids, strong performance there.
Operator: The next question is from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just wonder if you can help us set the parameters for the analyst meeting coming up in December, what we should expect.
John L. Brooklier: Well, you can expect us to give you an update on our enterprise strategies. I mean, that's first and foremost. That will be agenda #1 for us. Then we're also going to be looking at what underlying growth rates are going to be probably for 2014.
E. Scott Santi: I think the overall focus is going to be we're going to provide some sort of drilled-down examples of this enterprise strategy in action, so to speak, in a number of our different businesses.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And it seems like you mentioned you're maybe a bit ahead of plan thinking about maybe even next year on the benefits. I mean, should we expect a resetting of some of those goals or just simply an update on the progress maintaining those goals. I'm just trying to think through...
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think I wouldn't expect any resetting of goals. We said from the beginning that this was a 5-year plan, not a 5-month plan, and we are still on track relative to the 5-year plan. And a lot of the sort of pacing is ultimately going to come much more from the economy than in the kind of tailwind or headwind we get as we move through this 5-year period than any opportunity to accelerate. I think one of the things we've talked in a few of these calls in different forms is that managing the pace of execution is a really important imperative for us. And we've got to make sure that as we are implementing a lot of these changes that certainly are positive in terms of the overall performance of the company, that we are still allowing our businesses the ability to digest those changes at a rate where they can still serve their customers and perform as businesses on a quarter-to-quarter and month-to-month basis. So I wouldn't look for any resetting of goals.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then thinking about the end-market comment, give us some color on '14, just trying to gauge your confidence in Europe getting better. When I think Europe for you, I think Food Equipment and Construction are 2 of your bigger businesses. And Food does seem to be improving while Construction is still kind of down 4% in Europe. Can you just give us maybe a little more color on Europe, how you're thinking of setting up your framework for '14 on what you know at the moment on Europe?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think you've got it. I think Automotive is the third major business for us over there. I think that's -- looks like certainly more of the same. Food Equipment, as I said before, we're encouraged and would feel even better if we see another nice quarter in Q4 heading into '14. And then on the Construction side, I think the market remains weak. And we also have an agenda there that's really focused, as I said before, around sort of structural cost improvement and getting the margins up to a level that are accretive to the overall company's goals. And so regardless of the market environment, we're going to make a lot of progress in Europe next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mig Dobre.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sticking with Food Equipment, looking at the margin there, I think this might be the best third quarter performance that you guys have had in the last decade or so. And I -- from what I understand, there's been a lot that's been done on the cost side in this segment. Is this basically how we need to be thinking about incremental margins in this segment going forward, looking at the third quarter performance? Can we extrapolate this basically?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think directionally, I think there is -- what you have to keep in mind is there are some business structure simplification and sourcing benefits that are contributing, that if your time horizon is further down the path, these incremental margins are not sustainable once we've sort of developed or sort of generated the full value of the benefits from those initiatives. But on a core margin basis, we've, for a long time, targeted 35% to 38-plus percent incremental margins depending on the business. And I think that's a very -- that will be a target that will stay in place.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then maybe a little more color on China. And obviously, a lot of positive commentary here, but I'm trying to, if you would parse out, what sort of ITW-specific, given your presence in the country and product introductions so on and so forth versus actual, if you would, improvement in demand in China. Can you kind of parse that out for us?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think -- a bit of this story is certainly some sequential overall improvement, but a big part of the overall results are largely driven by Automotive. And Welding's sort of a negative against the overall market pickup there. But in general, we saw modestly better results across the board with the exception of Welding. But in terms of the number -- the business really driving the overall percentage growth, that was largely Automotive.
Operator: Our next question is from Nigel Coe.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just -- I wanted to drill into the share repurchase and your earlier comments that significant scope to raise the leverage ratios. So I'm just wondering, maybe you could just think about how you're thinking about financing the repurchase. And maybe how contingent is the cadence of the repurchase on the actual sale proceeds from Industrial Packaging?
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I mean, obviously, the proceeds from the sale of the packaging business are largely going to be used to repurchase a portion of the 50 million shares that we've been talking about. So I think in terms of the financing kind of similar to the previous question, I mean, we're working through the specifics as we look into the fourth quarter and 2014, in terms of what we're comfortable with, in terms of the pace of the repurchasing of the shares here. And like I've said, I mean, we -- as we continue to perform well with -- on margins and free cash flow, as we look to increase our leverage here in the first half of '14. And then the third portion here is obviously the after-tax sales proceeds from the IPG divestiture. So all those things combined, as we look at kind of the timing and some different scenarios around the timing, are going to drive our repurchases here. What we said today was for the fourth quarter, we expect to repurchase more than we did in the third quarter. So we did 5.2 million shares in the third, and we plan to do more than that in the fourth quarter and we'll kind of pace it as we continue to perform well with free cash flow and we get better visibility to the timing around the sale, which we should add that we're very pleased with the progress so far. We're seeing a high level of interest and obviously market conditions for the financing for a potential purchase remain very favorable. And so all those things combined, we'll look at that and kind of lay out our plan. And we'll update you as we go through the year.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's really helpful. But just quickly, would you be open to the idea of maybe pre-funding some additional share repurchases with short-term debt . So raising the short-term leverage a little bit higher than, perhaps, the run rate and then taking down short-term debt with the proceeds?
Michael M. Larsen: I'd say right now, we're looking at all the options as we get ourselves ready and finalize the plans for 2014. When the process of rolling up the annual plan from our segments, and that will certainly give us a view of the operating performance. And an outcome of that is our -- the details around our capital allocation strategy for 2014. The big parameters will remain the same in terms of organic investments and the buyback, looking at acquisitions to a lesser extent. And so we'll continue to look at all the parameters and button that up as we wrap up the plan here for '14.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then finally, Michael, you're obviously new to the team. You come at ITW with a fresh pair of eyes. Maybe just let us -- give us some color in terms what you see, where are the strengths and weaknesses of the organization? And I guess specifically, where do you think you can make the biggest impact?
E. Scott Santi: Let's start with the positive.
Michael M. Larsen: So while I am CEO accepted, right? Well, then let me just say, Nigel, I'm excited to be here. I mean, ITW is an American icon. It's been around for over 100 years. A long history of strong performance operationally and financially. I'd say really a unique differentiated business model, a great set of businesses. And I really look forward to working with the management team here and on executing the strategy. If I didn't think the strategy was right, I wouldn't be here, okay? And so I really think that as we continue to execute well and there's some, I'd say, some early indications that we're making good progress, we'll continue to generate a lot of cash. And I look forward to working on the capital allocation. And again, the focus here is on creating long-term shareholder value. So it's a little early, but very pleased to be a part of this.
Operator: Our next question is from Eli Lustgarten.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Very nice quarter. Can we just go back to Welding, and I guess a little more color what's going on. I mean, is Equipment still the dominant piece of that business? And if it is, it says that there's a big drop in consumables side. So can you give us how much the Asia Pacific, you said it was shipbuilding was more consumable. How much of that is the total? Is that -- and what would consumables look like x the big drop in China from -- moving away from shipyard?
E. Scott Santi: The first question, the U.S. is the easier of the series. But from a standpoint of equipment, as a percentage of the overall portfolio, we still remain about 60% equipment and 25% consumables and about 15% a variety of other accessories in Welding. From the standpoint of the overall consumable impact in China versus the rest of the world, I can't really give you that, but we can find that out and get back to you.
John L. Brooklier: The thing I would add is if you look at the North American numbers, Eli, I mean, North America basically down 1 with positive growth on the equipment side. So that tells you that clearly, there was a bigger falloff on the consumables side. We like the fact that the equipment side of the business has -- is still generating positive numbers, which is more of a sort of more of a CapEx story. So I think to the extent that Equipment has stayed up at higher levels for us is a good indicator longer term for the business. I mean, shorter term, consumables have been hit, which I think gets into the whole issue of what discretionary spending is -- what it's looking like in that particular category. But I think we like the long-term effect that or long-term implications for capital equipment in the business, which is the core of the business for us.
E. Scott Santi: And I was just going to add, just go back to the point John made earlier that despite a pretty tough market, we still got improved operating margins 90 basis points in the segment on down revenue.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I mean, the operating margins were fabulous, probably the best way to describe it. And I had one question. It looks like appliances are very -- are not a big part of the business at ITW at this point. Is that a market that you're targeting for future penetration or so? I mean, is...
E. Scott Santi: No, no. It's a business that in terms of the particular niches that we're in, we're very happy with the overall margin and return metrics in the business, but it's not a position that we expect to build out much bigger than it is today.
Operator: Our next question is from John Inch.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just to pick up on the North American Welding consumable aspect. I think you're, perhaps, maybe losing share and maybe even by design to either Colfax, Sea Sub [ph] or Lincoln or could this be a channel-related issue? I'm just curious why all of a sudden, consumables would drop if you're getting little bit of uplift in some other areas.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think there was a question along these lines after the second quarter, and I think you have to let everybody else come in and see. I think our -- there's been no shift in strategy for us. Our overall approach to Welding is really around where can we add value, where can we innovate, where can we do something unique and special for our customers. And ultimately as we've talked at length, there are large percentages of the consumable business that are -- where that's very difficult to do. And that's sort of by design our overall Welding portfolio, being much more concentrated in equipment, is how we get there but that's not a new strategy in the last quarter. That's been the strategy for the entire 20-plus years we've been in the business. So you can -- whether we're losing share or not in the third quarter, you can wait and see what other competitors report and make your own assessment at that point.
John L. Brooklier: John, it certainly wasn't the case in Q2. We came out first with our number and the question came up and competition was significantly more negative than us.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No. But then I'm just wondering. I mean, obviously, you make more margin on Equipment, right? So as you go through this process of driving margins higher, your Welding margins are fantastic, as Eli suggested. So I don't know, maybe there was something about what you're doing deliberately, for example, you're walking away from some business or maybe you shuttered a plant or something that has an impact temporarily, but gives you a better margin uplift down the road. That's all I was trying to understand.
E. Scott Santi: Nothing strategic. What I would say is that in our view is it's market.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, it's market. Then, Scott, what about the playbook for electronics equipment? I mean, I understand -- I mean, first, I guess it's what, $400 million. I understand it's not going to be a big driver either way, but if you sort of think about what other industrial companies have been doing, right, Dover got out of their electronic assembly and test businesses. Emerson, unfortunately, got out of their power business at the bottom. But this business to your point, it does make pretty good margins even though it got hit on the top line. Maybe I'm trying to understand. I understand why you, perhaps, want to keep it. What's the playbook, though? Like you were sort of saying, "Well, let's diversify the customer base and maybe do some other things." But is this on sort of a 6-month time line to kind of make it a little less volatile? Or is it -- are you going to give it a lot more flexibility than that?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I wouldn't put it on a 6-month time line. I think the overall playbook, what I would point to, is, first of all, the underlying profitability. We make a lot of money in this business and I'm not going to compare what we do versus what other companies might have done because the businesses themselves are different. But ultimately, the overall margin and return profile says that this is a pretty good business. Now we've got to find some ways to manage this volatility issue much more effectively than we have. There's no question about that, and I think it's -- there's certainly some things we can do around that. It's not something that we're interested in seeing get huge inside the company, but it's a good position, where again from a standpoint of the overall return and cash flow metrics, it's a pretty solid business. So I think -- I don't think it's on -- I wouldn't want to imply at all they've some sort of 6-month do-or-die kind of program here. But ultimately, we're very clear and the management team running that business is very clear that we're going to find a way to manage this business in a much less volatile fashion going forward. And I'm pretty confident today that we're going to be able to do that.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So let me ask it in a different way. How soon do you think you can get to a point -- you clearly have initiatives to diversify customers, maybe launch new products, stuff like that. How soon do you think you can get to a point where you're at least satisfied that this looks a lot more like an ITW-like business, far less volatile, and as you point out, very strong profit characteristics?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think the comp issue is largely gone, we're going to feel just a piece of it in the fourth quarter, but nothing near what we saw in the second and third. So this was largely a one customer issue that was just some very large orders in 2012 that ultimately I don't expect to recur, I'll put it that way.
Operator: Our next question is from Deane Dray.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You can tell that there's been some fundamental changes at ITW if we got this deep into the Q&A and no questions about M&A. And Scott, I know this reflects the whole change in strategy to pivot from 2/3 growth from M&A to 2/3 from organic. So I know you'll be able to comment on this at the December meeting, but for today, could you give us some insight into what you're seeing in the organization changes in terms of freeing up all that capacity that used to do 30 to 50 deals per year, how that -- those resources are reallocated, how you're ramping up more focus on customer-backed R&D and so forth and how might that be reflected today and in the next couple of quarters?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think the -- what I would say to that, Deane, is that I think we're very clear across the extended management team about what our growth priorities are and what our growth focus is going to be on a go-forward basis. What I want to be careful about though is sort of managing expectations around accelerating organic growth while we've got things like business structure simplification happening in a pretty major way. So from the standpoint of what I talked about earlier in terms of managing the pace of execution, the focus right now is really getting through the large part of BSS. Again, everybody is clear on a go-forward basis that we are going to be much more organic-centric in our growth focus. There are certainly businesses in food -- we talked about several of them in Food Equipment and Auto OEM that are further down the path in that regard. So it's certainly having an impact in terms of strategy and focus, but we're also not yet in a place where we're really stepping on the gas pedal hard because we're also working on these other initiatives that I talked about. So what I expect to see is a sort of prolonged acceleration over the next couple of years in our organic growth rate, not some immediate impact from this flipping the switch, if that makes sense.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sure, it does. And might we see spending on the R&D line, customer-backed R&D line begin to inch up? And would you ever separate that from the SG&A side?
E. Scott Santi: I think it's largely, from an R&D spending as a percent of revenue, I -- this issue for us is much more about the portfolio than it has been about any lack of investment in R&D and innovation. We have a patent portfolio of over 12,000 patents. We have had businesses like Welding and Auto OEM that have been investing heavily in customer-centric R&D for a long time. We've also had, prior to this portfolio move, about 25% of our portfolio were because of the sort of commoditizing characteristics of those businesses, the R&D spend has not been all that high. So from a standpoint of accelerated organic growth, the shift in portfolio focus is going to have a much bigger impact, in my view, than any need to sort of accelerate our spending or investment. We've never restricted our investment in R&D, but we've been very thoughtful about investing and only in places where it can really generate significant benefit. I'm sorry, Deane.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, just last question for me is on the M&A outlook. You've got 2 deals that completed that European Consumer Packaging business, the China Food Equipment. Are there -- what's that pipeline look like today? Is it just not actively cultivating? Or is there something that you might be announcing?
E. Scott Santi: Well, there's nothing that we're going to be announcing that's imminent that I'm aware of. I think the overall sort of strategy from an M&A standpoint is we're going to invest in businesses where we can use M&A to accelerate our organic growth rate. And I think the 2 that we did in the second quarter are good examples of that, where we're taking -- we're really positioning a couple of businesses that have some very strong organic prospects to expand those -- their ability to execute on those geographically. So it's certainly part of the conversation but much more down in the overall strategy at the segment level. And that strategy conversation starts with what's the organic growth focus and then, perhaps, how might we supplement that or accelerate that through some very targeted M&A.
Operator: Our last question is from Steven Fisher.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Similar question to Deane's, but on the growth rates. Given that your portfolio has now mostly been restructured, what's going to be the biggest thing to get you from lagging Industrial Production today to beating it over the next few years?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I'll go back to what I talked about before. We -- the portfolio today on a go-forward basis is characterized by a number of businesses that have outgrown Industrial production for a long time. So if you look at Welding as an example, it's been a high single-digit organic grower for the 25-plus years we've been in the business through the cycle. Auto OEM business we've talked about, that's clearly a 400-, 500-basis-point above market grower. Test & Measurement has been another one that, at least, in the relatively short time we've owned it, has been a high single-digit organic grower. So there's already a number of businesses inside the portfolio that have absolutely demonstrated the capability to grow organically well in excess of the underlying growth rates in their markets. Keep in mind that we've been averaging that kind of organic growth in with about 1/4 of the portfolio for the last 5 or 10 years that have been basically given a 0 growth because of the commoditizing spaces and the negative year-on-year price pressure that you get in those kinds of spaces. So there's an element of just shifting the portfolio that gets us much growth here fundamentally organically. And then what I said before, I think the point that Deane was trying to make is we are absolutely shifting the overall growth focus from acquisitive to organic. And that's going to -- there's no question in my mind that that's going to help further accelerate the overall organic growth performance of the company.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly, you've talked in previous quarters about Brazil. I'm not sure if I missed it. Did you give what the growth rate there was in the quarter and what's the underlying trend?
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, growth rate for Brazil was up over 2%, total company.
John L. Brooklier: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody. We appreciate you joining us for the Q3 call, and we look forward to talking to everybody again. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Christopher Schon Williams - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'd like to turn over the meeting to John Brooklier, Investor Relations Officer.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to ITW's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me on today's call is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Scott, Ron and I will discuss our Q2 financial results, and in addition, we will update you on both our long-term strategic initiatives and the progress related to those, as well as our Q3 and full year forecasts. Here is the agenda for today's call. Scott will highlight our Q2 operating results and our strategic initiatives. Ron will cover our Q2 results in more detail. I will then talk about our geographic revenue performance and highlight our segment results. Ron will then come back and update you on our 2013 full year forecast and introduce our Q3 forecast. Finally, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] And as always, we have allotted 1 hour for today's call. A couple housekeeping items. First, this presentation contains our financial forecast for full year 2013, the quarter and other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer everybody to the company's 2012 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. Now let's move to another housekeeping item. The telephone replay for this conference call is (800) 308-7855. No pass code is necessary, and the playback will be available until midnight of August 6. Now let me introduce our CEO, Scott Santi, who will make some comments on the quarter. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thank you, John, and good morning. In the second quarter, we are able to offset modestly lower-than-expected revenues with profitability contributions from our enterprise initiatives in order to achieve the midpoint of our Q2 EPS forecast of $1.08, excluding the $0.05 pension charge that Ron will discuss in a few minutes. From a revenue standpoint, softer-than-anticipated demand in our North American Industrial Packaging, Polymers and Fluid and Welding segments resulted in overall organic growth coming in 100 basis points below our expectations heading into the quarter. Also, our electronics assembly platform within our Test & Measurement and Electronics segment also faced challenging comps versus last year, as well as continued softness in their end markets. As a result, overall company organic revenues in North America were down 1% in the quarter versus last year. Our Automotive OEM segment continued to perform at a very high level in the quarter, benefiting from focused product development and customer penetration against the backdrop of pretty good worldwide auto builds. Overall, industrial demand remains choppy with the exception of a few pockets like Construction and Food Equipment in North America. On the profitability side, we continued to make solid progress in the quarter. Adjusted Q2 operating margins of 17.4% were up 40 basis points year-over-year. The impact of our enterprise initiatives contributed 60 basis points of margin improvement in Q2. And excluding the $25 million of incremental restructuring expense supporting those initiatives versus Q2 of last year, our adjusted operating margins would've been 18% in the quarter. Overall, we continue to make excellent progress in the execution of our enterprise initiatives across the company. We are at or ahead of our internal 2013 plans for all 3 initiatives and are generating meaningful progress towards our overall enterprise performance goals of 20% plus pretax margins and 20% plus after-tax return on invested capital by 2017. We are well positioned to fully leverage the benefits of these initiatives as global end markets improve. Looking at the balance of 2013, we are essentially maintaining the midpoint of our full year EPS forecast on an operating basis, though reducing it by $0.05 to $4.20 to reflect the Q2 pension settlement charge. While we expect the demand environment to continue to be uneven, we believe contributions from our enterprise initiatives will keep us on a path of continued profitability improvement for the remainder of 2013 and beyond. Now let me turn the call over to Ron. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Before I review our second quarter operating results, I wanted to walk through some adjustments impacting comparisons in our second quarter financials. In the second quarter of 2013, we recognized a $34 million pretax pension settlement charge. This charge was primarily related to higher lump sum pension payments related to the exit of our Decorative Surfaces employees from the ITW pension plan. We've excluded this onetime charge when we're discussing our EPS performance for the quarter. At this time, we don't expect any significant pension impact related to settlements for the remainder of the year. Also, as we discussed last quarter, our Q2 2012 comparisons exclude the Decorative Surfaces segment operating results. Now here are the highlights for the second quarter. Total revenues increased 1%, excluding the 2012 Decorative Surfaces revenue. Worldwide organic revenues were flat, while revenue from acquisitions grew 1%. Excluding the effect of the pension settlement charge, adjusted operating income was $736 million, which was higher than our 2012 adjusted operating income by $26 million or 3.7%. Adjusted operating margins of 17.4% or 40 basis points higher than last year. Excluding the pension settlement charge, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $1.08, which represents a 6% growth over our adjusted 2012 EPS and within our forecasted EPS midpoint. Our 1% revenue increase in the second quarter was primarily due to the following factors: Base revenues were flat, with international revenues growing 1.1%. We saw some stabilization in our European organic revenues, which only declined 1%, while our Asia Pacific organic revenues increased 2.6%, led by strong growth in China and India. Our North American-based revenues decreased 1% as our equipment businesses declined by 4%. This softness was especially evident in our electronics assembly platform as they faced challenging comps from last year and continued to see weakness in the general electronics industry. Excluding the 38% decline in the electronics assembly platform, North America base revenues would have grown 1.0%. If you look at product mix, worldwide organic revenues were up 1% in our consumable business, while as I said, we saw a 4% decline in our worldwide equipment business. Acquisition added 1.0% to revenue growth. Adjusted operating margins for the second quarter of 17.4% were 40 basis points higher than Q2 2012. Base business margins were up 100 basis points from last year. A key driver was a 60-basis-point improvement from the results of our enterprise initiatives, largely related to our business structure simplification activities, as well as some benefits from sourcing leverage. Price cost favorability improved margins 50 basis points. In addition, total operating margins were negatively impacted by $25 million in higher restructuring costs versus last year, reducing our overall margins by 60 basis points. Despite our flat organic revenue from soft North American end markets and $25 million in dollars in higher restructuring cost, our bottom line adjusted operating margin improved 40 basis points versus last year. We continue to see the positive impacts from our enterprise initiatives while continuing to manage overhead costs in an uneven macroeconomic environment. Our working capital and cash flow continued to be strong as accounts receivable DSO was 62 days, which was a slight improvement versus last year. And inventory months on hand improved to 1.7. Adjusted ROIC for the second quarter was 16.1%, which was a 70-basis-point improvement versus the second quarter of last year. Our ROIC continues to improve toward our target of 20-plus percent by 2017. Net cash provided from operating activities was $643 million for the second quarter, with capital expenditures of $89 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of $554 million and over $800 million of cash generated in the first half of the year. We generated 35% more free operating cash flow versus the second quarter of 2012 despite several large businesses being divested in the past year. For the year, we expect conversion of free operating cash flow to be close to 100% of income from continuing operations. Turning to capital structure. Continue to focus on capital allocation priorities as follows: Our first priority continues to be organic investments, especially focused on our key growth initiatives. Examples of our organic investments include R&D spending, additional investments in manufacturing capacity and restructuring projects, which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. Note that our normal January dividend of $174 million was paid on December 31 last year to allow our shareholders to benefit from the lower 2012 dividend tax rate. Our current dividend yield continues to be over 2%. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividends is used for external investments, either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate the allocation between these investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns and assess acquisition targets by incorporating our portfolio management criteria of accelerated growth and strong differentiation potential. In the second quarter, we had $310 million in share repurchases and have had nearly $700 million in repurchases in the first half of the year. As we look ahead through the remainder of the year, we have increased our share repurchase forecast from free operating cash flow for the year to be at least $1 billion versus the $850 million we communicated in April. In addition, we tend to use -- we intend to use any U.S. after-tax divestiture proceeds for share repurchases as well. As of the end of the second quarter, we have approximately $1.2 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our current buyback program. We utilized $95 million for acquisitions during the first half of the year, with a continued focus on our growth platforms in emerging markets. In early July, we added to our portfolio with other focused acquisition targets as we closed on 2 acquisitions, a Chinese food equipment business and a European consumer packaging equipment supplier. As we continue to shape our portfolio, our focus remains on 2 key criteria: accelerated growth spaces and a strong differentiation potential. Lastly, our Q2 debt-to-capital ratio is 33%, while our debt to adjusted EBITDA remained constant at 1.5x. Our cash balance overseas is nearly $2.8 billion, and we have plenty of debt capacity to make additional investments. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on the operating results by geography and individual segments.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Let me take just a few minutes to review our Q2 '13 geographic trends. Excluding the impact of currency and the 2012 revenues from the former debt services segment, total company revenues grew 1% in Q2. And as Ron noted earlier, total company organic revenues were flat in the quarter, with North American organic revenues declining 1% and international organic revenues growing 1%. Most notably, European organic revenues declined only 1% and Asia Pacific organic revenues grew 3%. The positives for us in Q2 were in China and Brazil, where our organic revenues grew 14% and 19%, respectively. Moving to the next slide, for our Q2 segment results. It's important to note that while our total company organic revenues were flat, the major negative impact came from our Test & Measurement and Electronics segment. As Ron mentioned, the segment had very difficult year-over-year comps and experienced in-market softness in the electronics assembly platform. Notably, our total company organic revenues would've been 130 basis points higher if this platform had produced flat organic revenues on a year-over-year basis. Looking at profitability, 6 out of our 8 segments produced operating margin improvement, ranging from 40 basis points of improvement from our Construction segment to 230 basis points of improvement for our Food Equipment segment. From my earlier comments, our Test & Measurement and Electronics segment was hit with a 200 basis points operating margin decline. If you recall from last quarter, we added an adjusted operating margin metric as part of our portfolio segmentation, which excludes intangible amortization and other noncash acquisition accounting items from operating income. We continue to see that our more acquisitive segments, primarily Test & Measurement and Electronics, as well as Polymers & Fluids, show a much more consistent performance comparability when we look at adjusted operating margins across our segments. Now let's take a peek at our 8 reporting segments, beginning with Test & Measurement and Electronics. This segment had an organic revenue decline of 9%. T&M's worldwide organic revenues declined 2% as demand for capital equipment was muted in the quarter, particularly in North America. And as noted earlier, total electronics organic revenues fell 16% as the electronics assembly business faced tough comps in soft end markets. We anticipate that the third quarter will also prove to be a difficult comparison for electronics assembly due to the fact they had a major customer order in the third quarter of 2012. Much better news, on the Automotive OEM side, which Scott referenced earlier. It was our fastest-growing segment. In aggregate, Auto OEMs organic revenues grew a very solid 12% versus a worldwide auto build of 3%. The Auto OEM formula remains the same. New product innovation and new platform penetration equals enhanced growth versus new car builds. By geography, while European auto builds grew 1% in the quarter, our organic revenues increased 11% there. Strong performance in Europe. Our key OEM relationships with Volkswagen, Ford and GM in Europe continue to be a successful formula for us. In North America, organic revenues of 7% were slightly ahead of our 6% auto builds. And finally, in China, organic revenues grew 40% versus auto builds of 11%. All in all, it was another excellent quarter for our Automotive segment. Operating margins of 20.6% improved 70 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Moving to Polymers & Fluids. Organic revenues were again defined by ongoing product line simplification, what we call PLS activities, and a loss of key customers. Organic revenues for worldwide polymers in hygiene, as well as fluids both declined 4% in the quarter. Automotive aftermarket organic revenues decreased 2% due to ongoing PLS programs and a loss of a key customer. We believe the sorting-out process of unprofitable customers will diminish as the year progresses. And despite some pressure on the top line, we continue to be very pleased with the profitability arc of the segment. Operating margins of 18.1% were 150 basis points higher than the prior year period. In Food Equipment, conditions improved modestly in North America for capital equipment but remained difficult in Europe. This resulted in segment organic growth of 1% in the quarter. Total Food Equipment North America's organic revenues grew 5% with equipment increasing 4% due in part to higher cooking revenues for customers serving independent restaurants, lodging area and nursing facilities and schools. North America service organic revenues grew a very healthy 5% in the quarter. Internationally, Food Equipment's organic revenues declined 2%. Notably, equipment sales fell 7% as cooking and refrigeration slowed in France, Italy and the U.K. Much like North America, service revenues grew an impressive 7% in the quarter. Even with muted overall growth, this segment produced operating margins of 18.7%. That's 230 basis points higher than the year-ago period. But clearly, lots of good things happening in the Food Equipment area. In our Welding segment, worldwide organic revenues were flat as North American revenues grew and international revenues declined. In North America, organic revenues were up 1% in part due to new product launches in the commercial sector that include MRO of small manufacture and commercial construction customers. Internationally, revenues -- organic revenues declined 2% largely due to slowing in Asia and the repositioning of the portfolio from shipbuilding to oil and gas and infrastructure activities. In Asia, the major areas of decline emanated from China and Australia. Despite all this, operating margins of 26.5% were 60 basis points higher than the year-ago period. In Construction Products, organic revenues were flat, as reasonably good growth in North America was offset by declines but at moderating rates in Europe. In North America, total organic revenues grew 2%, with both U.S. residential organic revenues up 2% and renovation organic revenues up 8%. U.S. commercial construction organic revenues declined 2%, mainly due to softness in the metal business segment and some related PLS activities. In Europe, our organic revenues fell 4% as much improved performance over Q1, when European Construction revenues declined 10%. Asia Pacific organic revenues grew 3% in the quarter, and this was a turnaround from Q1, when organic revenues declined 1%. Operating margins of 13.8% continued their movement upward, a 40-basis-point improvement versus the year-ago period. In Specialty Products, the segment organic revenues grew 2% in the quarter. Segment growth was helped by 2% organic growth from the consumer packaging businesses. In particular, global packaging systems led the way, thanks to accelerated growth of warehouse automation system, which includes our Vertique and Hartness businesses. Our ground support business produced organic revenue growth of 12% in the quarter, while organic revenues for our worldwide appliance businesses declined 4%. Operating margins were strong at 22.4%, and that's an increase of 40 basis points versus the year-ago period. Finally, in our Industrial Packaging segment, which Ron referenced earlier, worldwide organic revenues declined 1%. Total North American Industrial Packaging organic revenues decreased 3% due to moderating industrial production trends and softness in the food and beverage category. Internationally, the news was a bit better as organic revenues increased 1%. Please note that this was the first positive international revenue number we've produced since the fourth quarter of 2011. Now let me turn the call over to Ron, who will update you on our forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. As a reminder, our 2012 comparisons exclude the operating results of the former Decorative Surfaces segment as well as the fourth quarter 2012 gain on divestiture and equity interest. For the full year 2013, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.10 to $4.30. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 0.5% to 2.5% versus an adjusted 2012. This range is slightly lower than our April forecast as we now anticipate organic revenue growth of negative 1% to plus 1% for the year. Additionally, we expect our full year operating margins to be in a range of 16.9% to 17.3% versus 2012 margins of 16.3%. Our midpoint of $4.20 would be 14% higher than the 2012 adjusted EPS of $3.70. The full year EPS midpoint of $4.20 is down $0.05 from our prior forecast due to the $0.05 pension settlement charge from this quarter. As Scott mentioned, we have kept our second half operating forecast the same. Despite the uneven end market environment for some of our segments, we remain confident that our enterprise initiatives and strong overhead management will help deliver our bottom line. For the third quarter of 2013, we are forecasting diluted income per share for continuing operations to be in the range of $1.06 to $1.16, which assumes a total revenue growth of 3% to 5%. The midpoint of the Q3 diluted EPS range of $1.11 would be a 9% increase versus the 2012 pro forma EPS of $1.02. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We're ready for the first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So just to maybe clarify on the full year guide. The $0.05 in pension, so is that being excluded from the guide or is it included?
Ronald D. Kropp: No, so the current guidance, the midpoint is $4.20. The prior guidance was $4.25. So the only real change to the EPS guidance was the $0.05 charge that we recognized in the second quarter.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. So on a non-GAAP basis, if we were to exclude, it's essentially the same?
Ronald D. Kropp: Correct.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. So that's helpful. And then on Test & Measurement, could you maybe talk a little bit about expectations? I know you -- third quarter, you have tough comps. But just color on what you're seeing with your customers, please.
E. Scott Santi: What I would say, Ajay, is quote activity remains good in the T&M space. Electronics is still fairly weak. The color in the T&M space is the quote activity remains fairly robust. But there is in the short run some level of, let's say, hesitation in terms of actually customers converting those quotations to actual orders. But our expectations are things continue to move forward at an okay pace, and hopefully, accelerate a little bit as we move through the year. I think I don't need -- the electronic side, I think we're expecting the year to be pretty tough all the way around.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. And maybe one more before I pass it on. On the Auto OEs, you're seeing very, very nice penetration. Just maybe talk about sustainability and expectation in the second half.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think we're very well positioned there. It's the one part of our business where we have a fairly strong level of forward visibility in that we are selling new content on new models of cars as they are engineered and developed. So we are set up there for a pretty nice run over the next several years based on programs that we know we have that will be on new models moving into the market. So I think we're very comfortable through the balance of the year for -- that we'll have continued strong performance there and into '14 and '15 as well.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. And I would just also add that if you look on from a car build perspective in the second half, we don't expect big movement or big changes in car build projections, which have been reasonably good around the world.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. One, I thought your comments on the international Industrial Packaging businesses were interesting in terms of you were up, and it was the first time that you've seen -- I guess, that you've been positive since the fourth quarter of 2011. So if you could just give some color on what actually drove the strength there. And then how sustainable do you think that is? And then I guess, just my second question. Last quarter, when you guys did your earnings call, you said in March, you saw an improvement, I think, in U.S. markets, Welding, Food, as well as Test & Measurement. Obviously, things have changed. But can you just give us some color on when things sort of broke down in the quarter, which month?
E. Scott Santi: Okay. On the Industrial Packaging side, in terms of international revenue, the big contributions on the plus side came out of India and China. Europe was still down modestly year-on-year in the quarter. And in terms of the capital spending environment in Q2, I -- what I would say is I think things were relatively sluggish throughout the quarter as -- and you talked about the segments that were affected. Food Equipment actually stayed pretty strong through the quarter. But certainly, in Welding, relative to what we saw towards the back half of Q1, things certainly moderated in Q2, and likewise, in the Test & Measurement arena as well. So there was no sort of fall-off-the-cliff in the second quarter. We do have an element of seasonality that's baked into our planning between Q1 and Q2. That's pretty normal. And what I would say is we just didn't see as much acceleration in Q2 as we normally would seasonally. But all 3 of those businesses were up sequentially in second quarter versus Q1. So it wasn't a big deceleration. It was just a lack of -- maybe the best way to describe it is things didn't ramp at the same rate as we would normally expect in Q2.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Wertheimer.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just wanted to check in. You gave comments on the construction market, but it continues to be a bit soft. Can you comment at all on commercial construction on whether you're gaining or losing penetration/share in the U.S. and globally?
John L. Brooklier: Well, I would say that if you look at the commercial construction numbers, particular in North America, I think they're roughly in line with what we're seeing with Dodge construction data, which is measured on a square footage basis. I don't think there's any disconnect there on the commercial side. Commercial has been much slower to recover. I think from the last set of numbers, we saw commercial was down roughly 1 or 2 points. So I think our numbers are roughly in line with those. So I don't think it's a penetration issue at all. I think it's just the market itself has been slower to recover as it tries to recover in line with what's going on, on the housing side.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then this is an unrelated follow-up. Could you talk about the ramp in strategic initiatives, the savings that you've gotten to date? Is that sort of the run rate for the rest of the year? Or is it a continually gradual process? I just don't know the pace at which you're rolling out programs and implementing changes.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as we said, the enterprise initiatives had a 60-basis-point benefit in the second quarter. And as we continue to do simplification activities and additional sourcing, we'll continue to see that ramp up not just next quarter but as we move through the next year or 2. So I would expect a bigger impact in the third quarter than the second quarter.
E. Scott Santi: And just to add to that, as you may recall, the impact from initiatives was 40 basis points in Q1. We got to 60 in Q2, and I think that's not an infinite slope in that line. But certainly over the next 6 or 8 quarters, we would expect to just continue to see further progress on that front.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So in North American Welding, you have some distinct businesses in Welding levered toward oil and gas, levered toward heavy equipment, machinery customers. When you look at 2Q, what did you see in those distinct businesses? Did the major -- did the heavy equipment customers, did they continue to destock in the quarter and that affected the Welding business? Or was it just more of a slowdown in oil and gas still affecting the business? And did you see any improvement in that business as the oil prices have ticked up here recently?
E. Scott Santi: We didn't see any improvement. I would say, dimensionally, the heavy equipment sector was softer in Q2 relative to oil and gas. I think in both areas, particularly on the capital of the equipment side, what we saw was certainly more continued tentativeness there around new equipment purchases. But probably, the heavy equipment's end market is softer than the oil and gas in the quarter.
John L. Brooklier: And I would just like to take you back to what I said earlier, Andy, when we talked about the commercial construction piece being the best piece for us in North America. If you think about that, that tends to be sort of a smaller equipment investment around smaller manufacturers and other related buyers. So I think that the dichotomy between the 2, between the heavy industrial side or the heavy equipment manufacturers and that, is sort of representative of what's going on in Welding right now. I don't think we see -- we're not projecting any further significant declines at this point in time.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, guys. And then, Scott or John, Europe, it was only down 1% after being down 6% year-over-year last quarter. A lot of this does seem like your Auto outperformance, but maybe you could talk about the quarter itself. Are you getting -- are most markets at least stable to modestly improving sequentially in Europe? Can we call a bottom here and now an improvement yet or not really?
E. Scott Santi: I think we have relatively high degree of confidence that Europe has bottomed. Certain pockets have gotten a little bit better. I don't think we've seen anything that's gotten demonstrably worse. So I think it's a bottom. The question is, how long will the bottom take place? We're clearly not calling for big recovery in Europe, but I think that it's positive for us and other companies that Europe is showing signs of stability at the bottom. So we'll continue to ramp up probably good numbers from our Auto business, and then we'll keep track of what's going on in our businesses and obviously update you on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, would you say that Construction outperformed your expectations in Europe, or is it just kind of trending in line with easier comps?
E. Scott Santi: I would say probably more in line with comps. One of the things about Europe, obviously, is that you start to comp these numbers, and comps are going to help your comparison numbers. But I'd say Construction in general is probably where we would've expected it to be.
Operator: Andy Casey.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple things. Can we walk through the drivers of Food Equipment, the 230-basis-point margin improvement? Was that all volume price and mix, or was there some benefit from the enterprise strategy in there as well?
Ronald D. Kropp: It was a little bit of everything. Price/cost had a benefit of about 70 basis points. Enterprise initiatives had about 40. We just said we saw overall better variable margins exclusive of price/cost of 90, better overhead control of 30.
E. Scott Santi: And the part of that would be mix and the strong performance out of the service business in both Europe and North America.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then second, I'm wondering on your full year operating margin guidance. You have pretty good performance in terms of year-over-year improvement in price/cost and enterprise benefits year-to-date. But it really doesn't look like you're expecting any significant improvement in operating margin performance during the second half. First, is that a correct assessment? And then second, why wouldn't you be seeing some flow-through from those benefits into the second half?
Ronald D. Kropp: So if you look at the margins, in the second half, they're about at the run rate as they were in the second quarter if you back out the pension charge. So without the pension charge of 17.4%, back half margins are in that range for the rest of the year. The prior year margins, while we did have a very strong margin third quarter, primarily due to some corporate adjustments, favorable corporate adjustments -- it was 17.5% last year -- fourth quarter was 14.9%. So we are overall improving quite a bit in the second half, and a lot of that improvement is coming from enterprise initiatives.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's basically flat from here. Will we expect a step-up through the second half?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, I mean, certainly, in the fourth quarter, 14.9% versus 17% plus is a pretty significant margin improvement. The other element of this is, as we saw in the second quarter, we're expecting a higher restructuring spend year-over-year. So even with that higher restructuring spend, we're seeing significant margin improvement.
Operator: Ann Duignan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Ann Duignan. Two follow-up questions really. On the Automotive outperformance, can you just give us a little bit more color on what products and what platforms are winning in Europe and in China? Is there an opportunity to take those new products in Europe to China in a year or 2? Or is this kind of a global rollout of a new product and it's simultaneous across the world?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think a core strategy, without necessarily getting into specific products on specific platforms, is that we have very much -- the Automotive business is globalizing, so we very much are focused on sort of major global OEMs and our ability to ultimately invest in innovation and new product development in opportunities that have sort of major potential to expand both from the standpoint of different OEMs and also on a global basis. The story in China right now is a function of the fact that the quality of cars that they're building in China more and more has reached the point where the kind of solutions that we offer are things that they need. So as the overall standards of the quality and features that they are starting to put in the cars in China is certainly creating more and more opportunities for us to bring content that we've already engineered in North America or Europe into the China market.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, I guess. And then on the enterprise initiatives, are we sort of done now with the business unit consolidation and now we're moving into more of the strategic sourcing, i.e., we should look for the improvement going forward to show up in gross margin versus SG&A? Or is it going to be a mix of both going forward? If you could help us from a modeling perspective where you'd expect the improvements to show up would be helpful.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, so in 2 quarters, we're done with the BSS, which have -- I'm going to give you sort of a -- try to give you a flavor without -- not having a lot of sort of authoritative facts behind this. But what I would say is we're at best 15% of the way through BSS in terms of the kind of moves that we have on the board and the things that we're going to do. We're getting what I would describe as some very consequential but low-hanging fruit benefits at this stage, but this has probably got another 2 to 3 years to run on BSS. And likewise, on sourcing, as we've talked before, we are at the early stages. I think I'm very pleased with our progress in '13 on sourcing, but ultimately have some -- the big benefits still ahead of us in terms of '14, '15, '16.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So more of a gross margin impact from the sourcing as we move into '14 and '15, is that the way we should think about it?
E. Scott Santi: On a relative basis, but I wouldn't discount the BSS in terms of continuing impacts for the next -- for '14, '15 and some of '16.
Operator: Stephen Volkmann.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of cleanup items, if I could. What's the organic growth forecast for the third quarter that's in the 3% to 5% total revenue growth?
Ronald D. Kropp: Organic growth for the third quarter? 1%. 1%.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: 1%, great. And the quarter end share count?
Ronald D. Kropp: Quarter end share count, 447 million.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then restructuring spending in 2014, is it going to be up or down over '13, do we think?
Ronald D. Kropp: It's really the same, but I would expect it would not be up significantly at the high end.
Operator: Schon Williams.
Christopher Schon Williams - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: You guys have been vocal in the past about wanting to expand within quick-serve restaurants in the Food Equipment space. Obviously, you did a purchase here, the Chinese manufacturer. I'm just wondering, is that it? Are we kind of done with that, or is there more acquisitions to be done over the next couple quarters there?
E. Scott Santi: On the quick-serve space?
Christopher Schon Williams - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Well, in the quick-serve space or Food Equipment in general. I mean, whichever you feel...
E. Scott Santi: I think the major thrust within Food Equipment is innovation-based organic growth. We will certainly continue to look at M&A opportunities as they arise, like we did in China. And I think we're very enthusiastic about how that business fits strategically with our growth plans and opportunities in China. But I would say the major thrust going forward for us in Food Equipment is to continue to build a much stronger organic-growing business through an accelerated rate of innovation there.
Christopher Schon Williams - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I mean, should expect that most of the acquisition activity for the portfolio going forward is going to be concentrated within Food Equipment? Or is this kind of, again, it's going to be kind of more one-off here and there?
E. Scott Santi: I wouldn't say it would be concentrated in Food Equipment. I think what we have said as part of our enterprise strategy overall is that this company, our focus is on really building a much more robust, organic front-end engine as our primary growth thrust and that we will certainly supplement that ramp with good strategic acquisitions as those opportunities arise. But ultimately, those opportunities may arise in any one of the operating segments that we're in today. But ultimately, that's not the front end in terms of really how we think about and how we're focused on driving growth going forward.
John L. Brooklier: By example, if you look at what we've acquired thus far this year, I mean, they fall under the areas such as Food Equipment in China. We've also done deals in Welding in Europe, and we've also done, I believe, a couple of deals on the consumer packaging side. So very much targeted to the areas we've talked about that we think have big potential for differentiation and longer-term growth.
E. Scott Santi: Right. Highly differentiated technologies in end markets that we are -- that we know and understand very well.
Operator: John Inch.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The weaker North American welding results, do you guys think you lost share for whatever reason to either Lincoln or ESAB? Just thinking, ESAB is now got new management. I think they've launched a new product. What are your thoughts?
E. Scott Santi: Our thoughts today would be, no. I think we'll obviously -- yes, we're very focused on this. The Welding business is a business that's been a very strong organic growth for us across a very long period. Our expectations are going forward that, that will continue to be at the high end of our overall organic growth performance in terms of our portfolio. I think given that the market positions that we have in areas like equipment space, I think our view is what we said before, that Q2 was really more of a demand issue in certain key end markets like heavy equipment and oil and gas.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Scott, the North American result is kind of a point of a differential growth that you called out. Was any of this attributable to Canada? The Canadian economy hasn't been particularly great lately. I'm just wondering if that's perhaps part of some of the mix of slightly softer revenue there.
E. Scott Santi: I don't think it was geographic, John. I think it was really around, again, the 3 segments that we talked about. Industrial Packaging was much softer than we expected. Welding was a little softer, as were Polymers & Fluids in North America.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then just lastly, on restructuring, obviously, with enterprise initiatives, the nature of your restructuring and sort of the approach and so forth is different than what sort of legacy ITW would have pursued in terms of its restructuring. Can you talk about that a little bit, Scott, in the context of your initiatives? Are you finding restructuring -- maybe just a little more color? Are you finding restructuring somewhat more challenging, easier? Has it been -- have you picked off a lot of the low-hanging fruit? Or just anything that might give us a sense of sort of the approach and the paybacks, just something that might help us take a look at this.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think this is -- most of what this -- the concentration of spend right now is really around supporting our business structure simplification initiative where we've talked about building scale from the bottom up in our structure and ultimately a landing spot of 105 or so much larger, much more globally competitive divisions. So I think the activity is concentrated there. We are -- I talked about this a little bit on the last call, but I think from the standpoint of the strategic benefits around this and the operating cost benefits, our management team is very motivated, very much behind this initiative, lots of opportunity to both position ourselves to be much more competitive on a global basis to accelerate organic growth and at the same time drive some pretty consequential overall structural cost savings. So I don't -- it's not -- I don't know how to characterize it in terms of any difference. I think it's not dissimilar from restructuring that we would do when we acquired new businesses. So I don't -- I guess, I don't know how to fully answer your question other than...
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, it's mostly also -- I'm assuming then people and overhead hasn't really -- you have been tackling plants or...
E. Scott Santi: No, I would say we absolutely have been tackling facilities, plant consolidations as part of this activity, absolutely.
Operator: Mig Dobre.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, I'd like to go back to the Food Equipment segment and to your recent acquisition in China. Is there any color you can provide us with regards to Vesta's size and relevance in the Chinese market? And strategically, how are you thinking about this acquisition? Do you see -- how do their products compare, for instance, from an innovation standpoint, with some of the brands that you've got here in the U.S.? And do you see some potential for technology and manufacturing sharing with the brands that you currently have?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, absolutely. I think the way I would characterize it in terms of how much we probably want to say about it is what we -- I think the combination of that business with our business has great benefits both ways. It has -- it's a business that operates at a scale well above what we operated at in China up to this point. So what comes with it is a manufacturing footprint and a local R&D capability that is certainly a big step-up in terms of scale. There's some strong differentiation in the product lines that we acquired. We certainly feel both through our existing -- technologies that exist in our existing product lines that we're going to be able to supplement their product portfolio. And likewise, from the standpoint of service capability, big footprint there already, something that in terms of some of the knowledge and know-how we might bring and might learn from them in return. Some really nice benefits both from us to them and them to us in this.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And I guess, my follow-up here would be over time, do you see Vesta as a potential player in Western markets as well?
E. Scott Santi: It's early. I don't know if we'd want say much. I think it's largely a China play.
Operator: Deane Dray.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Covered a lot of ground here. I do have a question for Scott on the electronics business, kind of a broader question. This is not the first quarter where we've seen some sharp volatility and cyclicality in this business, and the issue is this business is on a completely different cadence with most of your other or all of your other industrial businesses. So maybe just to hear from you, since you've been through this whole portfolio rationalization, is electronics a core business within ITW? And maybe what are the key values? Is it market share, synergies with others, cash flow? Or just maybe hear your comments on that.
E. Scott Santi: Sure. I would absolutely tell you that we are thinking a lot about the cyclicality issues in electronics. I think at its core, what I would say is, I think we've been very selective about the pieces of the electronic markets that we choose to play in. I think we, in particular, we like a couple of spots where we are in terms of, again, some of those sort of value-creation attributes of those spaces. There are some spaces that are relatively under-attended in our view in a market that on a long-term basis, the sentimentals are that they're going to grow and grow quite a bit. We make good money. This is -- it's a space where ITW in the aggregate, where we -- it certainly is accretive to our overall margin and return goals, even on the dips. And I think margins in electronic space, even on a big decline year-on-year, we're still in the high-teens for us. So I think we're -- I guess, what I would say, Deane, is I think there are some things there that remain interesting for us on a long-term basis. But I also think we have to understand how to manage in that space in a way where it's less of an outlier in certain instances.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then on the auto builds, I mean, this is a pattern that we've seen play out over the years, where ITW outpaces builds, U.S., Europe. But it really looks outsized this quarter. Is the expectations on how you can sustain this lead over, is it all market share, it's new product innovations? But again, this is high-quality problem where you're having to explain the performance versus global builds.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I -- what I would say is worth commenting on there, is I think the strategy today for us in the Automotive is very different than some of those prior cycles that you referenced, and the growth engine here is -- today is all about sort of proprietary, solution-based, new content. So we're not at the end of RFQs. As a supplier, we are really focused in on high value, solving sort of big pain point issues for Auto OEM. So from the standpoint of -- we've talked about this before, overall content in North America in the mid-$60 a car range today; Europe around $50; and Asia at $20. On an overall, average material cost in a car is, let's say, $15,000. Is there another $30 or $40 we can find a really innovative important solutions for our customers over time? We have a lot of conviction about that opportunity being out there. So from a sustainability standpoint, the strategy today is very different, much more tightly focused on the kinds of the things I talked about. And so I think both as I try to dimension the overall size of the opportunity and the uniqueness of our strategy -- and by the way, we're pretty uniquely positioned as the only company out there that can deliver these solutions on a global basis. So I think we've got again a very different strategy and a lot of conviction about our ability to sustain some pretty strong outperformance here for some time to come.
Operator: Nigel Coe.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I agree. I mean, the Automotive performance is outstanding. We don't see too many suppliers with 20% margins. And I'm just wondering, just, do you get any pushback from the OEMs on those levels of margins?
E. Scott Santi: Well, in the end, to say we don't would probably not be accurate. But in the end, it's all about the value of the solution. And we're not -- again, we're not in big dollar spaces. We're I think in general, that our OEMs -- our customers appreciate the value that we deliver, which is we help them solve, again, sort of big problems that they have in ways that ultimately make them more money and help them be more effective as businesses. So in the end, it's really about -- we're going to get paid if we do our job.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, right. I just have a couple quick questions that cover a lot of ground here. But just looking at the 4.4% midpoint revenue growth guidance for 3Q. I think, John, you mentioned 1% organic growth within that. So is the 3-point bridge from M&A? And if so, is that sort of incremental [ph] investor or are there some other acquisitions coming through there?
John L. Brooklier: 2% of it is acquisitions-related, and the rest is currency and other stuff.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So 1 point from currency, 2 points from acquisitions and 1 point of organic, okay. And then the second thing is, I think, Ron, this is your last quarter. I'm just wondering where you are in terms of the CFO replacement.
Ronald D. Kropp: We are making progress.
Operator: Joseph Ritchie.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I had a quick question on the earnings bridge on Slide 13. It looks like you've taken down revenue guidance, that should be slightly offset by the increased share repurchases. But it seems like there's implicitly potentially higher margins or cost-out that should have to happen in order for you to maintain your guidance or the midpoint of your guidance. So help me rectify that.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, so I think here's the way I would look at it. The revenue forecast is down from where we were before. The margins are basically the same. So that means we are taking additional cost out to basically hold the income contribution from base. So that's the $0.32 in the bridge from base. From a share repurchase perspective, although we've increased the total for the year because most of that'll come in the back half of the year in the fourth quarter, it'll have very little impact. So it didn't really have a EPS impact in the current year. Certainly, it will going forward.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And then I guess, a follow-up to that is as it relates to that $0.32 base. I think last quarter, you mentioned about $0.18 to $0.19 was going to come from the enterprise initiatives. Thus far, this year, you've done about $0.06. Have you increased that target then?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, certainly, as we talked about earlier, it is accelerating. So it's a little bit higher than what we talked about last time, probably in the $0.20 range.
Operator: David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a further clarification on the guidance. The 1% you took out of the full year organic growth rate, did that come out of North America solely, or is it a mix?
Ronald D. Kropp: A mix.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A mix. And then for the share count, you mentioned 447 million at the end of the quarter. Was that a diluted number or a basic number?
Ronald D. Kropp: That is a basic.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: It is a basic, so it's more around 450 million diluted?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, yes.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Because I'm just trying to come up with it. It does seem to imply maybe that the prior answer just now -- I didn't fully catch -- the margins seem to have to improve unless am I not recognizing the share repo steps up notably from, say, $300 million a quarter? How significant is the repo in the back half? You still kept it as an $0.18 benefit.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. Yes, as I said earlier, we did increase it $150 million, but that's all going to fall in the fourth quarter, and it's going to have very little impact and really no EPS impact in the current year. So what's happening on the margins is, normally when revenues come down, you'd expect there'd-- everything else being equal, there'd be a deterioration in margins. And so we're holding our margins the same. That's how we're getting basically to the same EPS.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And for the margins in the second half, you said they'd be similar to 2Q. But the amount suggests they have to be in the upper 17s.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, 2Q as adjusted, if you back out the pension. 17.4%.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right, so you got your comp in. Yes. But it's actually 17.4% even if you pull out the $34 million from SG&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, that's what I'm saying, is the 17.4% or in a similar range for the rest of the year.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, not to nickel and dime you here, but I mean, the margins have to be higher than 17.4% the rest of the year on that revenue base with that kind of share count to hit 4.20x all in or 4.25x, right?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, and it's in the range. I mean, we're not...
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Oh, okay. I just wanted to clarify that. And the restructuring cadence again. Year-over-year, you said it was $25 million more in 2Q year-over-year. What's the cadence again in 3Q, 4Q on a year-over-year basis?
Ronald D. Kropp: We're seeing some increase but not as much. So probably in the $20 million in the second half above last year.
Operator: Walt Liptak.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question is on the guidance, too. The organic revenue growth being a little bit lighter, is that a result of the second quarter, or is it more of a forward look on the full year? And then which segments are performing at a lower rate than you thought of back in April?
John L. Brooklier: I think it's really -- I think what we tend to do is we tend to hold at second quarter. It's much harder to forecast on a 3- to 6-month basis where things are going to be, so we're basically holding it where we essentially ended the quarter. I don't think we've carved it out per segment, but I don't think they'd be radically different than some of the segments we've talked about today per Q2. Industrial Packaging, Polymers & Fluids would probably be the primary examples there.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And if I can just get one last Welding question in. You didn't mention anything about pricing. But if you've taken out prices yet this year, with material costs down, is there a price increase for the back half or maybe a price decrease?
John L. Brooklier: Price increase went into effect, I believe, 1st of April. Yes, April of this year. I wouldn't -- I don't -- I'm not -- I don't have knowledge of any additional price increases at this point in time.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then those price increases are sticking given -- even with the commodity prices coming down?
John L. Brooklier: Yes. We're going to end it there at the top of the hour. We thank everybody for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to talking to you later. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the meeting over to John Brooklier. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me on today's call is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Scott, Ron and I will discuss our solid Q1 financial results, our long-term strategic initiatives and our 2013 forecast. As always, we will take your questions later in the call. Now, here's the agenda for today's call. Scott will come back momentarily and comment on both our Q1 operating results and our -- and update you on our long-term strategic initiatives. Ron will cover our Q1 financial results in more detail. I will then talk about our geographic revenue performance and detail our segment results. Ron will then update everyone on our 2013 full year forecast and introduce our Q2 forecast. Finally, we will open the call to your question -- questions, I should say. [Operator Instructions] And we have allocated 1 hour for today's call. A few housekeeping items. First, remember, this presentation contains our financial forecast for full year '13, for 2013 second quarter and other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2012 10-K for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. Moving to the next slide, the telephone replay for this conference call is (800) 839-1334. No passcode is necessary to access the replay. And the replay will be available through midnight of May 7, 2013. Now, let me introduce our CEO, Scott Santi. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In the quarter, organic growth came in about 100 basis points below what we expected heading into the quarter, largely due to sluggish demand in the capital equipment components of our product portfolio, particularly earlier in the quarter. While equipment sales were down 6% in the quarter, consumable revenue at down 1% largely came in, in line with our expectations. We did see noticeable improvement in demand rates for equipment products on both a sequential basis and in comparison to the prior year as we moved through the quarter, particularly in March. Daily revenue rates for equipment products were up 13% in March versus the average for the quarter overall. Despite some top line challenges, our profitability performance was very solid in Q1. We delivered above forecast operating EPS of $0.96, and operating margins came in at 16.5%, 60 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. This operating margin improvement was due to a combination of strong tactical cost management from our operating leadership and the early-stage benefits from our portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing initiatives. Benefits from these initiatives contributed 40 basis points to overall margin performance in the quarter. We continued to make good progress in our 3 enterprise initiatives in the quarter. With regard to portfolio management, we announced the strategic review of our Industrial Packaging segment earlier in the quarter. In addition, we've moved more than $600 million of noncore revenues to discontinued operations. With these 2 moves, we have largely completed the process of identifying the core businesses that will constitute our faster growing and more profitable portfolio moving forward. With regard to business structure simplification, we continued to drive alignment and execution across the organization in the quarter. During the quarter, I visited a number of our newly scaled-up businesses; and in each case, I was extremely impressed with both the level of progress made and the level of enthusiasm for and commitment to this initiative by our on-the-ground operating leadership. We came away from these interactions even more convinced that the strategic and operational benefits associated with simplifying and scaling up our divisional operating structure will be considerable over the medium and long term for the company. As to strategic sourcing, we continued to resource the initiative and drive implementation. We hired a Chief Procurement Officer earlier in the quarter, and her early view is much like ours, that the potential to better leverage our direct and indirect spend is both considerable and achievable. A number of category-specific strategic sourcing initiatives and programs are actively being worked and executed across the company. Finally, let me reiterate our 2017 enterprise financial performance goals, and those are: Organic growth of 200 basis points above global industrial production, operating margins pretax of 20% plus and after-tax returns on invested capital also at 20% plus. Overall, we've made good progress towards these goals in a pretty challenging environment in Q1. More to come. Now, let me turn the call back over to Ron.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Before I review our first quarter operating results, I wanted to walk through some reporting changes in our financials beginning this quarter. As Scott just mentioned, we moved several businesses to discontinued operations. The larger businesses moved include a transportation-related business and a construction distribution business. The businesses moved represent more than $600 million in 2013 forecasted revenue, with an operating margin of approximately 7%. This move to discontinued operations reduced our diluted EPS from continuing operations by $0.01 for the first quarter and our full year EPS forecast by $0.07. As we discussed in January, we've also aligned our reporting segments to better match our portfolio management strategy. The quick highlights are, that we changed our Transportation segment to a pure automotive OEM segment and moved our automotive aftermarket business into our Polymers & Fluids segment. We've formed a new segment that combines our Test & Measurement business and our Electronic business. Our welding business is now a standalone segment. And the former, All Other segment, is now called Specialty Products, which primarily includes our consumer packaging businesses, as well as our appliance business. We also modified our methodology on how we allocate corporate-held expenses to our segments. We previously allocated all such expenses to our segments. We've -- we're now allocating a fixed overhead charge to each segment based on each segment's revenues. Expenses not charged to the segments are reported separately in our results as unallocated. Our historical P&L results and segment data have been restated for the discontinued operations and have also been adjusted for the segment changes I just mentioned. The appendix of our presentation includes 2001 -- 2011 and quarterly 2012 restated financial data for the total company as well as for each segment. Lastly, as we also discussed in January, because we retained a 49% interest in the divested Wilsonart business, prior period results will not be restated, and the ongoing equity interest will be reported as income from continuing operations. To allow for like-to-like comparisons to 2013, we will be presenting our 2012 results on a pro forma or non-GAAP basis, which excludes the 2012 operating results of the Decorative Surfaces business, as well as the fourth quarter 2012 gain on divestiture and equity interest. Q1 2012 comparisons exclude the Decorative Surfaces business operating results. As part of our first quarter 2013, we also recognized a onetime pretax gain of $30 million related to an acquisition of the majority 51% interest in the consumer packaging joint venture. We've excluded this onetime gain when we're discussing our EPS performance for the first quarter. Finally, on to the highlights for the first quarter. Total revenues decreased 8%, primarily due to the impact of Decorative Surfaces. Excluding the 2012 revenue of Decorative Surfaces, revenues declined 1.8%, driven by organic revenue declines in both Europe and North America. Operating income was $660 million, which was higher than our 2012 pro forma operating income by $8 million, representing an increase of 1.2%. As a result, operating margins of 16.5% were 60 basis points higher than last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $1.01 on a GAAP basis. Excluding the onetime $30 million pretax gain I mentioned, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.96, which represents a 7.9% growth over our pro forma 2012 and was $0.01 above our forecasted EPS midpoint. Our 8% revenue decline in the first quarter was primarily due to the following factors: Divestitures, primarily Decorative Surfaces, reduced revenues by 6.4%. Base revenues were down 2.7%, with North American-based revenues decreasing 1.9%, and mixed international-based revenues that overall were down 3.5% year-over-year. Europe declined 6%, with impacts across virtually all of our businesses. Our Asia businesses grew 0.5%, led by strong growth in both China and India. As we look at product mix, organic revenues were down approximately 1% in our consumables businesses, while we saw a 6% decline in our equipment businesses as businesses remained cautious on their capital spending. However, as Scott mentioned, we started to see some improvement in equipment sales as we ended the first quarter. Acquisitions added 1.3% to revenue growth, while currency translation was virtually flat. Operating margins for the first quarter of 16.5% were 60 basis points higher than Q1 2012. Base business margins were up 30 basis points from last year, led by a 100 basis point improvement on the non-volume side. A key driver was the 40 basis point improvement from the results of our enterprise initiatives, largely related to our business structure simplification activities, as well as some benefits from sourcing leverage. We also had a 40 basis point improvement from strong overhead cost management. Price cost favorability improved margins 30 basis points. These are partially offset by a 70 basis point decline from lower sales volumes across the majority of our businesses. In addition, total operating margins also benefited from a 20 basis point improvement due to lower restructuring costs in the first quarter versus last year. Overall, despite our first quarter organic revenue decline from softer North American and European end markets, our bottom line operating margin improved versus last year. We grew our operating margin 60 basis points as we started to see some benefits from our enterprise initiatives, while continuing to manage overhead costs in a cautious macroeconomic environment. Looking at working capital and cash flow. Accounts receivable DSO was just under 63 days, which was a slight improvement versus last year. And inventory months on hand improved slightly to 1.8. ROIC for the first quarter was 14.9%, which was a 60 base improvement versus the first quarter of last year. Our ROIC continues to be well above our cost of capital and is a key metric for us. As Scott mentioned, we expect the end result from our enterprise strategy will be an ROIC above 20% by 2017. Net cash provided from operating activities was $366 million for the first quarter with capital expenditures of $89 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of $277 million. Our cash generated was 16% higher versus the first quarter of 2012 despite over $1.7 billion in revenue divested over the last year. For the year, we expect conversion of free operating cash flow to be close to 100% of income from continuing operations. Turning to capital structure. We continue to focus on capital allocation priorities as follows: Our first priority continues to be organic investments, especially focused on our key growth initiatives. Examples of our organic investments include R&D spending, additional investments in manufacturing capacity and restructuring projects which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. Note that our normal January dividend of $174 million was paid on December 31 last year to allow our shareholders to benefit from the lower 2012 dividend tax rate. Our current dividend yield continues to be about 2.5%. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividend is used for external investments, either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate the allocation between these investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns and assess acquisition targets by incorporating our portfolio management criteria. During the first quarter, we had $366 million in share repurchases. As we look ahead through 2013, we have increased our share repurchase forecast from free operating cash flow to, at least, $850 million versus the $500 million we communicated in January. In addition, we intend to use any U.S. after-tax divestiture proceeds for share repurchases as well. As of the end of the first quarter, we have approximately $1.5 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our current buyback program. We also utilized $56 million for acquisitions during the quarter, with continued focus on our growth platforms in emerging markets. Our portfolio strategy incorporates 2 key criteria as we continue to assess acquisition targets: accelerated growth spaces and a strong differentiation potential. Lastly, our Q1 debt-to-capital ratio is 33%, while our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA remained constant at 1.5x. Our cash balance overseas is nearly $2.7 billion, and we have plenty of debt capacity to make additional investments. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more detail on the operating results by geography and by individual segments.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Let me take just a few moments to review our first quarter geographic trends. Ron touched on these a little bit earlier. But excluding the impact of currency in 2012 revenue from the former debt services segment, total company revenues declined 2% in the quarter. As Ron noted earlier, total company organic revenues decreased approximately 3%, with North American organic revenues declining 2% and international organic revenues decreasing 4%. Most notably, EMEA and Europe declined 6%, and Asia Pacific grew 1%. The real positive for us in Q1 took place in China and Brazil where our organic revenues grew 10% and 3%, respectively. For our Q1 segment results, please note that 6 out of our 8 segments produced operating margin improvement in the quarter, ranging from automotive OEMs, 10 basis points of improvement, to construction products, 320 basis points of improvement. Our 60 basis points of total company operating margin improvement was 40 basis points higher from what we initially forecasted in January for the first quarter. Also, as part of our portfolio segmentation, we have added an adjusted operating margin metric, which excludes intangible amortization and other noncash acquisition accounting charges from operating income. As certain segments, primarily Test & Measurement and Electronics, as well as Polymers And Fluids, have grown largely through acquisitions, we believe adjusted operating margin show a more consistent comparability across our businesses. Now, let's take a closer look at our 8 reporting segments. And we'll start with Test & Measurement and Electronics. This segment was largely a tale of 2 different levels of customer demand. Test & Measurement business produced worldwide organic revenue growth of 2%, and our flagship, Instron led the way in the quarter as customer demand for structural testing equipment and software was strong. On the electronics component side, organic revenues were essentially flat as the contamination control and pressure-sensitive adhesive businesses offset organic revenue decline by our electrostatic business. Organic revenues for the electronics assembly business, formerly known as the PC board-related operations, declined at a double-digit rate as the semiconductor industry slowed and customers curtailed their spend on capital equipment. The better news was that operating margins improved 120 basis points year-over-year, largely due to strong management of overheads and lower restructuring spend versus last year. In automotive OEM, it was our fastest-growing organic revenue segment in the quarter as our innovative product penetration outperformed auto builds in all, and I emphasize, all major geographies. In North America, our automotive organic revenues grew 3%, outpacing a North American auto build increase of only 1%. And while our European organic revenues declined 2%, please note the European auto builds fell 8%. Asia Pacific organic revenues increased a strong 24% due to ITW's growing product penetration amid a very robust auto build environment in China. Notably, our Chinese-based auto businesses produced a strong organic growth rate of 46% versus a Q1 auto build increase of 10% in China. So clearly, very good trends going on in the automotive OEM sector. In our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues were again defined by our organic -- ongoing product line simplification, what we call, PLS, in the quarter and weaker industrial production metrics. Worldwide polymers in hygiene and fluids, organic revenues declined 8% and 4%, respectively, as targeted low-volume, low-margin customers continue to leave the portfolio. This sorting-out process will likely continue as we implement portfolio and business structure simplification initiatives within the segment. In auto aftermarket, organic revenues declined 6% due to the ongoing impact of the loss of a major customer and other targeted PLS activities. While operating margins declined 30 basis points, nearly all that was due to higher 2013 restructuring costs associated with PLS activities. In the Food Equipment segment, ongoing weakness in capital equipment sales was again evident in the quarter. Total Food Equipment North America's organic revenues declined 1% as equipment sales fell 3%. Demand for warewash equipment for small restaurants, as well as slicing and mixing equipment, was soft in the quarter. Total Food Equipment's international's organic revenues declined 4%, with equipment sales decreasing 9%. A fall-off in demand for cooking or refrigeration equipment in France, Italy and the U.K. contributed to the organic revenue decline. The better news in the segment continued to be our service businesses, where organic revenues in North America and international grew 3% and 4%, respectively. In our welding segment, our organic revenue decline was tied to a slowdown in worldwide industrial production in heavy equipment activity. Please note, however, that welding faced a very, very difficult comparison from 1 year ago when organic revenues grew 19%. Worldwide Welding's organic revenues fell 6% in the quarter with organic revenues from North America and international declining 6% and 5%, respectively. In North America, the industrial portion of the business was faced with lower order rates from key heavy equipment OEMs. And internationally, our organic revenue decline was mainly due to slower than expected end market recovery in China, as well as our organic -- I should say, our ongoing strategic exit from a very weak shipbuilding end market. Operating margins declined 200 basis points, but please recall, they were down from historically high operating margins of 28% a year ago. In construction products, organic revenues declined as major weakness in Europe outweighed modest improvement in North America. In European construction, our organic revenues declined 10% due to weakness in our primary commercial construction end market, as well as our residential end market. In Asia Pacific, organic revenues declined 2%, largely due to a weak housing market. In North America, the news was better. Total North American organic revenues grew 2% in the quarter with both residential organic revenues up 6% and renovation organic revenues up 4%. However, commercial construction organic revenues declined 9%, which was in line with Dodge U.S. commercial construction data for the first quarter. We were very pleased, however, with the 320 basis points of operating margin improvement in the quarter, lower restructuring costs versus the first quarter of last year, as well as strong overhead management and BSS savings accounted for the significant improvement in operating margins. In Specialty Products, our newly named replacement for our All Other segment, organic revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. Our worldwide consumer packaging business grew organic revenues 1%, mainly due to strong growth contributions from the Vertique automated case picking system. Our worldwide appliance business produced an organic revenue decline of 3% due to weaker European demand. Finally, in our Industrial Packaging segment, the falloff in industrial production demand in both North America and Europe serves as a backdrop for our results in this segment. In aggregate, our total North American and international Industrial Packaging organic revenues declined 1% and 7%, respectively. The chief contributor to both organic revenue decrease was worldwide strapping and equipment decrease of 8%. And this decrease was largely driven by steel strapping volume declines, which were more in Europe where strap, steel strap was more prevalent; and a bit less in North America were plastic strap is a bit more popular. In our other categories, protective packaging grew organic revenues 4%, and stretch packaging's organic revenues fell 8% due to a timing issue related to agricultural customers. Now, let me turn the call back over to Ron, who will update you on our 2013 forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. Before I provide the details on our Q2 and full year 2013 forecast, please note that the 2012 comparisons we will be using to measure our 2013 performance. As I mentioned earlier, we will be presenting our 2012 results on a pro forma basis, which excludes the 2012 operating results of the Decorative Surfaces business, as well as the fourth quarter 2012 gain on divestiture and equity interest. Our 2012 GAAP and pro forma results have also been restated for discontinued operations. Excluding the Decorative Surfaces items from our 2012 actual results, our Q2 2012 pro forma revenue was $4.2 billion with operating income of $710 million and diluted EPS from continuing operations of $1.02. Our pro forma 2012 full year revenue was $16.3 billion with operating income of nearly $2.7 billion. Our 2012 pro forma EPS was $3.70, which will be the 2012 baseline EPS we'll use as a comparison point to our 2013 forecast. Now, moving on to the 2013 guidance. For the full year 2013, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.15 to $4.35. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 2% to 4% versus pro forma 2012. This revenue range is slightly lower than our January forecast, as we now anticipate organic revenue growth of 0% to 2% for the year. Additionally, we expect our full year operating margins to be in a range of 16.9% to 17.3% versus 2012 margins of 16.3%. The full year EPS midpoint of $4.25 is unchanged from our prior forecast and would be 15% higher than the 2012 pro forma EPS of $3.70. Our current forecast incorporates our performance in the first quarter and benefits from higher forecasted share repurchases, offset by lower expected organic revenue growth, as well as $0.07 of dilution from businesses that have been moved to discontinued operations. Key drivers of our year-over-year 15% EPS growth include the following: $0.32 from our base businesses, driven from organic growth, as well as the net benefits of our enterprise initiatives, primarily related to business structure simplification, with some sourcing benefits later in the year; the expected benefits from our initiatives to be more than half of our base business income growth. We now expect to see an $0.18 benefit from share repurchases, while shares we bought back in 2012 and our 2013 share repo forecast of, at least, $850 million. We expect our forecasted share buyback to offset the dilution we have from our discontinued operations. And lastly, we have a net $0.06 benefit from other items, including acquisitions, restructuring, nonoperating costs and a 2013 versus 2012 tax rate decline. For the second quarter of 2013, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be in a range of $1.04 to $1.12, which assumes a total revenue growth of 2.5% to 3.5%. Note that our second quarter forecast includes nearly $30 million of additional restructuring expense versus last year, which reduces our second quarter operating margin by 70 basis points and our second quarter EPS by $0.05 versus 2012. The midpoint of the Q2 diluted EPS range of $1.08 would be a 5.9% growth versus the 2012 pro forma EPS of $1.02. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Scott, you guys mentioned equipment sales began to pick up in March. You had sort of sequential increases. Could you talk about where that was? And did you see that at all out of Europe, or was Europe still decelerating throughout the quarter?
E. Scott Santi: The primary businesses that we're talking about in the equipment space would be Test & Measurement, welding, Food Equipments. In terms of regional color, I think there's no question that Europe remains much tougher. So in terms of the improvement through the quarter, there's no question that it was certainly more tilted towards North America.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is it too early to ask you about April?
E. Scott Santi: It is a little early. Certainly, based on everything we're hearing, we remain on track relative to our plan.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And if I could, for the follow-up, ask you about North American Construction. You guys did a great job of margins. When I look at the revenue growth, I mean, you mentioned the commercial year-over-year decline, that's fine. When I look at sort of your residential and your renovation, it's still underperforming housing starts by quite a bit. Is this still a share issue that you can improve over time? And maybe you could talk about nonresidential, in general, in the U.S.? It's certainly been more sluggish than we'd like. Can that get better over time?
E. Scott Santi: In terms of the non-res, in terms of the market, or you're talking about our particular performance?
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The market on the non-res, and maybe the share on the res.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think I'll take those in sort of reverse order. I think from a commercial construction standpoint, obviously, there's been -- the environment there, overall, has been pretty sluggish for some time. Our expectations are for some sort of reasonable sequential improvement, perhaps later in the year. But that's going to be very much predicated on how the overall economy progresses from here. And on the resi side, I think we're still in the mode of sort of lagging the start recovery just from the standpoint of when we participate. And also there's some sort of differences on a regional basis with where some of the hotter sectors are relative to our positions. But overall, we expect this business to continue to improve in terms of our overall organic rates given the trends that we're seeing and housing starts continue.
Operator: The next question from Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. Not to split hairs, but when you talked about operating leverage on your base business, I think you said more than half would be related to some of the internal initiatives that you have, which sounds a little better. I mean, I think last quarter, you said half. But I'm just wondering if some of the initiatives you have in place are returning results a little bit quicker than you had anticipated. And then I guess my second question is, Scott, I think last quarter, in the Q&A session, you talked a little bit about constraints on craft labor and construction in North America. If you continue to see that or if you've seen the markets get a little tighter relative to where we were a couple of months ago?
E. Scott Santi: So on the operating leverage question, if you remember, we talked about, as you said, half of the benefit in the original plan was related to initiatives. What's happened since is we've brought down our base revenue forecast. So as a result, the income from our base businesses from our normal operations has gone down, but our initiatives are largely on track. So the initiative benefits are now a bigger portion of the overall base income increase.
Ronald D. Kropp: And related to your question on Construction. Our understanding is that labor remains tight in the Construction market, and that it is still having some effect on the pace of the recovery.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, but no material change since last quarter?
Ronald D. Kropp: No.
Operator: The next question from John Inch, Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is there any sort of an update to your targeted number of businesses from simplification? I think you had sort of talked to 150 in the past. Just remind us if that's still about the number? I realize it's still early days, but...
Ronald D. Kropp: We originally gave you a number that was closer to 150 when we were in New York. The more current number that we have that we've been sharing with shareholders is really in the 110 to 120 range. I think that they're -- that number is fluid, and you'll probably see that number move. My sense is it's probably going to move down a little bit as opposed to move up.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But not a lot from...
Ronald D. Kropp: Not a lot from where it is.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the implication of this, if you sort of think of taking several hundred businesses and streamlining them down to fewer businesses and leveraging scale economies for purchasing and overhead savings, if you're actually moving to a significantly fewer count, shouldn't that provide for -- I mean obviously maybe not in '13, but significantly improved sourcing and scale leverage on overhead over time?
Ronald D. Kropp: In terms of the difference between 150 and 120?
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, and then to John's point, maybe ultimately progressing closer to 100? I mean, it seems like a significant count difference to me.
E. Scott Santi: I think the big move is obviously the 600 plus down to 150 to 120. I think the sort of change between 150 and 120 is not so much a function of sort of scale, but more from the standpoint of the planning and execution within the businesses as we actually start to work this initiative. The 120 is just the place that we're landing, not as a target, but as the place that makes the most sense from the standpoint of the markets that we serve and how we want to structure ourselves to best operate and execute in those markets.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, no, that makes sense. Can I, Scott, then follow-up here with a question on share repurchase? I see that you've upped your target repurchase for the year, so I applaud you for that. This widely propagated negative investment thesis is this whole pending dilution from the sale of Signode. And you guys have a great balance sheet, strong cash flow. I'm just wondering, what are your thoughts toward -- and I realize you're going to deal with Signode later in the year. But what are your thoughts toward, perhaps even more meaningfully, upping share repurchase just to close what seems to be a dilutionary gap and sort of this, at least, hurdle in the minds of investors toward future dilution? What are your thoughts there?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's a little early in the process, but I would say that all options are certainly on the table. And it's a process that we will certainly focus on and work our way through as we go through the year and get some better definition around the actual structure of how that's going to all take place. I'm talking about the Industrial Packaging divestiture. But it's an active discussion with our board and with our management team, and it will continue to be so. And we will update our shareholders at the appropriate time.
John L. Brooklier: And the fact, as we looked at it this quarter, that's one of the reasons we bumped up the share repurchase forecast for the year from $500 million to $850 million. And that's really just from operating cash flow. What we also have said is to the extent we get U.S. after-tax divestiture proceeds, that will be on top of the $850 million. So certainly, as we moved 6 business that are held for sale into discontinued operations, as we start selling those or get close to selling those, we'll add to the share repurchase there. And then certainly, as we move with Industrial Packaging over the next year plus, we'll have to make a decision on share repurchase related to that, depending on what the ultimate outcome is.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And with interest rates so low, would you consider or at least not rule out raising some debt to perhaps get a bit of an advanced jump on the sale of Signode through offsetting the dilution?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, all options are on the table.
Operator: The next question from Deane Dray, Citi Research.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Scott, would like to get some more color on the point in the release and what you talked about this morning on the call here that you've reached the decisions as to where you draw the line between what are core businesses, the keepers, versus those for potential divestiture of the commoditization. Just seems like you reached this conclusion earlier than what we had been thinking. So how did you end up reaching it probably earlier than what people were thinking? And then what was the decision making, and especially, with regard to some of the businesses in Polymers and Fluids and Specialty Products?
E. Scott Santi: Well, we talked about it in -- from the outset, the sort of primary strategic driver was really around the whole issue of sort of level of differentiation that resides in the businesses, to really focus the company on areas that could fully maximize the benefits of the ITW business model. And one of the key elements of that is the ability to operate in spaces where we can innovate. And we talked about from the get-go that, ultimately, as a result of the implementation of this portfolio strategy, that roughly 25% of the company's revenues, as we started the process, were ultimately under some review related to that. So at the front end, we had a pretty good sense of the issues, where some of the issues were around sort of executing this strategy. We took the last -- we've been working on this for a couple of years, and we've spent a lot of time really looking deeply at each of those businesses and understanding what the options were long term. And ultimately, with the things that we've announced and/or executed on already, we're coming out at about 26% of revenue. So ended up right where we communicated we would be at the beginning. I'm not sure that I can sort of comment on what you were thinking relative to what we were thinking, but this is not early or late. This is pretty much in line with our game plan around executing this.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just to clarify on second quarter guidance, the implied organic revenue growth in the range?
Ronald D. Kropp: It's 1.2%.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: At the midpoint?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes.
John L. Brooklier: Deane, I would add on to that, as you look for the remaining quarters, what's left -- now clearly, we had a negative coming into Q1, one less day and some tough comps. But if you look at the rest of the quarters in aggregate, our Qs 2 through 4 would average slightly over 2%, organically. So clearly, we see better organic growth as we move ahead in the next 3 quarters.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then last one for me, if I look at capital allocation, I think we've gone through the buyback strategy for the balance of the year. But one of the numbers that jumps out at me is M&A, $56 million in the quarter. Are you shying away from assets? I know you said there'd be fewer in terms of what the appetite would be. But are you passing on businesses, or are there just not attractive assets out there?
E. Scott Santi: No, I wouldn't say we're passing. What I would repeat is what I said at the last quarterly call, which is that acquisitions are not a priority for us this year, given the sort of multitude of initiatives that we are executing. That does not mean that we wouldn't look very seriously at something that was a really strong fit and a great opportunity, but ultimately, from a standpoint of how much time we're spending looking at acquisitions, it is a lower priority this year.
Operator: Next question from Ann Duignan, JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about the CapEx-related businesses that you said were trending up in March? I mean, you've got -- I think you said Test & Measurement, welding and Food Equipment. Those are very disparate businesses. Could you just dig a little bit deeper and tell us what you're seeing out there in those businesses?
E. Scott Santi: I can't give you any -- a lot more depth other than the fact that it was sort of very clear to us in January and the early part of February that overall capital spending was -- started the year very sluggish and that we saw some pretty nice improvement across all the parts of the business, the capital goods-related product portfolio of the business as we moved into March. So I can't tell you whether it was sort of fiscal cliff concerns, or there's a whole multitude of things. But the overall environment that we saw was a lot of hesitation on capital-related spending early in the year, and that seems to be moderating quite a bit as we got later into the quarter across all 3 businesses.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So nothing in particular. No -- customers stepped out, is that were you're saying? Customers kind of stepped aside in January and February and just are coming back in now?
E. Scott Santi: That's what it felt like.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then given your divestitures and your strategy for divestitures, can you talk a little bit about what the environment is like out there for purchases of some of these businesses? Are you finding a lot of appetite, a lot of interest? Are companies hesitant to step in and make acquisitions? And just a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of the environment out there on the...
E. Scott Santi: I think we're seeing a pretty good environment. If you think about where interest rates are, it's certainly a good environment, especially for the sponsor side of the buyer universe. And that's where we've gotten a lot of interest from some of the assets we have currently held for sale.
Operator: The next question from Joe Ritchie, Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: While you had really nice growth out of China this past quarter, and you're pretty well diversified across your businesses in China, it'd be helpful to get some more color. Clearly, auto OEM was up significantly, and perhaps, maybe there was some pressure on the electronic side. But any more color you can provide on the trend in China, that would be very helpful.
Ronald D. Kropp: What I'd like to say is we saw a broad-based improvement in China, but I don't think that's necessarily the case. And clearly, most of our growth in China was driven by very, very robust over-performance on the auto OEM side. There were a few businesses that sequentially did a little bit better, but I would say that it's much more tied to what's going on, on the auto side than anything else.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then areas of weakness, specifically, in China? Did you see any end markets that were decelerating?
Ronald D. Kropp: No, I don't think we saw anything decelerating, but I don't think -- we clearly saw big, big improvements out of our auto business. The rest of them were -- did okay, sequentially, a little bit better, but nothing dramatic.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then...
Ronald D. Kropp: I think the arrow is pointing to better performance in China as move through the year. How much better remains to be seen.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as it relates to the divestiture in Industrial Packaging, can you remind us again what the timing, what your expected timing is? And then as it relates also to the proceeds that can be used for buyback. My recollection was that approximately 50% of the business was international, 50% of the business was U.S. And so, approximately 1/2 of the proceeds could potentially be used for buybacks, is that correct?
E. Scott Santi: So as we announced in February, what we're doing is a strategic review of the Industrial Packaging business. So there's been no formal decision to divest it via sale, spin or whatever. So that's currently what we're working through internally within the company and at the board level. And once we get to a decision on the path, that'll be announced, and we'll work through that across the appropriate timing. I wouldn't expect it to be sold or spun off or anything to happen in 2013. It's probably likely a 2014 event if something does happen. From a proceeds perspective, you're correct, about 1/2 the business is overseas, although a lot of the intellectual property is owned in the U.S. So part of the process we're going through is evaluating how much of the proceeds would be in the U.S., how much would be available for share repurchase if it was a sale process. So that's one of the things that we're looking at currently. But likely greater than 50% would be in the U.S.
Operator: The next question from Ajay Kejriwal from FBR.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So maybe just a couple clarification questions on the '13 guide. So you're divesting -- discontinuing about $600 million in res, that's a $0.07 impact. Is that in your guide, is that baked into your guidance? And then you had a $0.05 onetime, or my sense is it's not -- it's excluded from the guide, but if you can clarify both, that'd be helpful.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, so our original forecast in January included these discontinued operations in the numbers because they were -- at that point, they were part of continuing operations. So one of the changes we've made here is we've pulled out these 6 businesses, and they have a $0.07 earnings for the year. So that comes out of the original forecast. So if our midpoint was $4.25, the adjusted forecast really becomes $4.18. And then we're adjusting for -- the first quarter out-performance was $0.06, including the onetime gain; another $0.06 positive from higher share repurchase; a negative $0.04 from lower base business revenues the rest of the year; and then a negative $0.01 for everything else, primarily translation, gets you back to the $4.25. So at the end of the day, what we've done is we've held our guidance at $4.25, even with $0.07 coming out for discontinued operations.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. So the $0.07 included, but the $0.05 also included, the $0.05 gain?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, yes.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: But then you're not baking in for any additional share buybacks from the proceeds as you sell those businesses, right?
Ronald D. Kropp: Right. Based on the $850 million, which is coming out of free operating cash flow.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. And then maybe on the auto aftermarket, I know you mentioned some PLS activity kind of hurting revenues. But if you exclude PLS, what's the trend there? It's kind of a little surprising. I thought it was a steady-Eddie business. Is it related to miles driven, or any trends you're seeing there --
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's -- some of it's miles driven, some of it's weather related. I think one of the bigger things we pointed out when we talked about the auto aftermarket was the loss of a key customer in one of the bigger retail outlets. So that certainly carries over quarter-to-quarter as we compare year-over-year. But I would tell you it's sort of the market itself is, in North America, is doing -- it's probably -- certainly it's not robust. Maybe growing. If it's growing, it's growing at a very, very, very low level. On the European side, that's probably the reverse of that where it's probably negative market activity.
Operator: The next question from Andy Casey, Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question on the construction products margin performance. It was good margin improvement in difficult markets for the quarter. But it's still kind of trailing the new adjusted average 18.5% by a little less than 600 [ph] basis points. Can you kind of give us a roadmap over what timeframe you think the gap can be closed? And then is that dependent on the corporate initiatives, or are there segment-specific initiatives that we should contemplate?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, our plan for Construction is that we will get to ITW level margins there within 2 years. And that will be a combination of enterprise initiatives, but probably much more weighted to things going on in the business right now. The overall color is, I think, we've been sort of structuring the business to participate in the recovery and have been kind of hanging in there with a cost structure that was much more relevant to conditions 5 years ago. And as things -- the recovery was delayed, things didn't necessarily play out into the sort of normal recovery scenario. We were just, we just took too long to sort of readjust our thinking and our cost structure. And we've got a really aggressive management team in there now, we're getting after it. This business has, absolutely has the potential to perform at or above our expectations for the overall enterprise. And some nice improvement as a starting point. We've got a long way to go to get there, but we are absolutely committed, and we have no doubt that this -- that the Construction business can perform at a level that's accretive to the overall company.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And if I can sneak in one more, just returning to the Industrial Packaging timing question. Is it still likely, if that business is going to end up being separated, that the business results will be moved to disc ops ahead of the potential transaction? And ballpark, what are you -- is the timing still the end of the year for a decision, or is it somewhere in the second half?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think as I said, we're working through the decision, right? So we can't really disclose what we expect the timing to be at this point, but we would expect it to be a decision, certainly by the end of the year. The discontinued ops reporting, it really depends on the outcome of the strategic review process. If it's a sale process, then there's certain criteria you have to meet, including actively marketing it for sale, before you could put into discontinued ops. But it would be -- it would go into discontinued ops in advance of the actual closing of the sale, unlike Decorative Surfaces. If it's a spinoff, then that doesn't go into discontinued ops until the date of the spin. It depends on the ultimate vehicle for divestment as far as discontinued ops reporting goes.
Operator: Next question from Rob Wertheimer, Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: It looked to me like the increase in the op margin from Jan guide to now is largely the $600 million of divested businesses at a lower margin? Is that correct, or is there something else bridging that op margin improvement?
Ronald D. Kropp: For the full year forecast, the majority, about 30 basis points of the full year margin increase is related to removing the discontinued operations businesses, which have a 6% overall margin, from continuing moving into the discontinued.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then second, in the nonoperating -- the bridge from the last guidance to now, nonoperating was a $0.09 headwind, and now, it's a $0.05 tailwind. You may have just touched on this -- or I'm sorry, a $0.03 tailwind. Could you just go through that again?
Ronald D. Kropp: So in the nonoperating area for the quarter, there was a $0.06 benefit, $0.05 of that was this JV gain, and $0.01 is normal nonoperating kinds of things.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: In guidance, though?
Ronald D. Kropp: And so in the guidance, that includes the 5 -- the majority of the change in the guidance for non-op is the first quarter non-op change.
Operator: The next question, from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Just a quick question on the operating margins as we learn the new segments and new numbers. Is there anything in the first quarter operating results, are any of those margins under more pressure as we go through the rest of the year? I mean we understand welding had a big number last year, but the year, I guess the year was about 25.4%, so we're actually still above that. Is there any of those segments, as you look out through rest of the year, that the first quarter operating margins would have difficulty being sustained for the rest of the year?
Ronald D. Kropp: In fact, it's actually the opposite. The first quarter with -- because it's our lower revenue -- lowest revenue quarter, it's typically the lowest margin quarter.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, I realize that.
Ronald D. Kropp: So across all the segments, we'll see increases in operating margins the rest of the year. Part of that is just normal seasonality and base business improvement, growth versus negative revenue growth. But also a lot of the initiative benefits come in the back half of the year as well.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: So there's nothing -- I realize -- I just wanted to make sure there was nothing that we're seeing, particularly with some of the weakness in welding or some of the weakness in Food Equipment business, all of those are expected.
Ronald D. Kropp: No, no.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: And as you look out for the rest of the year, particularly industrial businesses, welding and Food Equipment, are you expecting overall demand to improve so the negative revenue comps turn positive?
E. Scott Santi: Yes.
John L. Brooklier: I think the answer is yes. If you go back to what we talked about, Eli, in terms of our quarters and relative to organic revenue, we think Qs 2 through 4 will average slightly over 2%. So I think that underscores both equipment recovery and probably some consumable improvement, too.
Operator: The next question is from Joel Tiss of Bank of Montréal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Did I hear you right that, apart from the Industrial Packaging business, that you're mostly done with the divestments?
E. Scott Santi: Yes.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And does that mean that as we look into '14 and beyond that we're going to see more of a shift away from share repurchase toward acquisitions again?
E. Scott Santi: Not necessarily. We're going to allocate capital, as Ron described, as part of his comments, which is ultimately, we're going to allocate capital between our 2 external options based on where the best risk-adjusted returns are. We're certainly not going to shy away from good acquisitions that really fit tightly with our core strategy and that fit the -- accelerate growth positions in our portfolio. But we're not also envisioning a day when we're acquiring 50 companies a year and adding 5% to 7% of our sales in acquired revenue every year.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So this new framework will be kind of an ongoing?
E. Scott Santi: Yes.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then can you just give us the, roughly, even a range, number of shares outstanding at the end of the year, or that's too fluid at this point?
Ronald D. Kropp: At the end of this year?
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, at the end of 2013.
Ronald D. Kropp: We can give you the end of the quarter. The end of the quarter is about 450 million. And typically, there's about 4 million to 5 million in dilution on top of that. So you can do the math around the rest of the share repurchase and average price to come up with an end of the year estimate.
Operator: Next question from Jim Krapfel of MorningStar.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'd like to hear what your largest 2 or 3 challenges in successfully executing your strategic initiatives are? And what unforeseen obstacles have come about in the early stages of your evolution?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think from our standpoint, the biggest challenges are really managing the pace of execution; that we've got across all of these initiatives, I think things that we are very committed to, very enthusiastic about, but at the same time, this is not a broken company. This is a company that's performed very well. These are initiatives to further improve an already strong company. So from the standpoint of the challenges that I and the rest of the management team, the thing we talk about more than anything is making sure that we've got a good plan, that, that plan is paced appropriately. We've got to deliver the bacon quarter by quarter. I think this is a good example of some pretty terrific execution in the environment, and at the same time, moving the needle and making progress on these initiatives. And we've got to have a good balance on both as we move through the process. So I think that's the challenge that we continue to focus on internally. As it relates to the initiatives and any surprises, I don't think we've had any. If anything, I think as the deeper we get into them, the more convinced we are that we are on the right path and that these initiatives are absolutely going to make a big difference in terms of the overall performance of the enterprise on a long-term basis. So I think that's where I'll leave it.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And second question, how do you see Europe tracking throughout the year? Are you expecting a similar degree of weakness, or do you think an inflection to improvement or worst things more likely?
E. Scott Santi: No improvement is in our planning scenario.
John L. Brooklier: I think we're going to leave it right there at the end of the hour. We've hit the end of the hour. So we thank everybody for participating in today's call. And I'm sure I'll be talking to a number of you later today.
E. Scott Santi: Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I will turn over the meeting to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me on today's call is our President and CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Scott, Ron and I will discuss our Q4 financial results, our long-term strategic initiatives and our 2013 full year forecast. As always, we will take your questions. Now here's the agenda for today's call. Scott will make a few comments on our operating results, as well as discuss the enterprise strategy and long-term initiatives we talked about last month in New York City. Ron will cover our Q4 and full year financial results in more detail. I will then come back and talk about our geographic revenue performance and detail our segment results. Ron will then update you on our 2013 full year and Q1 forecast. And finally, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] As always, we've scheduled 1 hour for today's call. Moving to the next slide. You can see the forward-looking statement. The presentation contains our financial forecast for full year 2013 and 2013 first quarter as well as other forward-looking statements identified on the slide. I'd ask you to read the rest of the slide, particularly as it relates to the appendix, where we have a whole host of non-GAAP and comparable GAAP measures. Couple of other housekeeping items. The telephone replay for the conference call is (888) 393-9645. No passcode is necessary to access the replay, and the playback will be available through midnight of February 12. Now let me introduce our CEO, Scott Santi. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin with a few comments on full year 2012. In a challenging global economic environment, we were able to deliver solid operating performance, while at the same time rolling out and mobilizing the company behind a number of key initiatives related to our 2012 to 2017 enterprise strategy. Our organic revenues grew 2% in 2012 due primarily to strong year-on-year growth from our auto OEM, welding and test and measurement segments. We also delivered 50 basis points of operating margin improvement, and we grew our adjusted earnings per share 10%. Last month at our investor meeting in New York City, we detailed the enterprise strategy that we are undertaking to position the company to deliver solid growth and even stronger margins and returns on capital in the context of an increasingly challenging global competitive environment. Through the execution of our enterprise strategy, we are narrowing our focus to areas of opportunity where we can fully leverage ITW's unique core capabilities. We have detailed execution plans in place for 2013 around 3 key initiatives associated with our enterprise strategy. Those are portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing. We have covered these initiatives in detail in other forums, so won't be going them -- going into them in detail here. But I can assure you that the entire organization is aligned behind and focused on driving meaningful progress on all 3 in 2013. I do want to reiterate the performance goals that we are committed to achieving by 2017 through the execution of our enterprise strategy, and those are: organic growth at 200-plus basis points above global industrial production, operating margins of 20%-plus, returns on invested capital of 20%-plus and free cash flow conversion of at least 100% of net income. Simply put, we have 2 objectives for 2013: one is to run our businesses and execute at a high level in the context of the realities of the economic environment and two is to drive solid progress and momentum in the execution of our enterprise strategy across the company. We are confident that through our enterprise strategy, we are taking the steps necessary to position the company to generate maximum performance leverage and impact from a very unique and robust set of core capabilities, and that our strategy will result in highly differentiated operating performance in the years ahead. Now let me turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the fourth quarter. Revenues decreased 2.3%, primarily due to the impact of divestitures, mainly Decorative Surfaces, which closed on October 31. Excluding the divestiture impact, revenue growth would have been 2.3%, largely driven by organic growth in North America and acquisitions. Operating income was $609 million, which was lower than last year by $38 million, representing a decline of 5.9%. Operating margins of 14.4% were 60 basis points lower compared to last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $2.10, which included several discrete items, primarily a significant gain on the divestiture of Decorative Surfaces. Excluding the effect of these discrete items, we finished at $0.89 per share. Overall, both our Q4 top line performance and bottom line earnings were largely in line with our expectations, as growth in North America and Asia offset continued softness in Europe. As we discussed at the investor meeting in December, we had several significant discrete items this quarter. I want to take a minute to review our fourth quarter reported performance versus our operating performance from October. Our reported EPS on a GAAP basis was $2.10. During the fourth quarter, we recorded a gain of $1.37 on the sale of our former Decorative Surfaces segment. We also recorded the P&L impact of our ongoing 49% interest in the Wilsonart business of negative $0.04, which included activity from November and December, primarily related to transaction expenses and purchase accounting amortization. In addition, we had some discrete corporate items in the fourth quarter, which resulted in an expense of $0.04 per share. We also had several discrete tax items, which reduced earnings by $0.08 per share, mainly related to an IRS settlement we reached during the quarter. After excluding these items, our operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.89, which is well within the forecast range we discussed last month. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 2.3% revenue decline in fourth quarter was primarily due to the following factors: Divestitures, primarily Decorative Surfaces, reduced revenues by 4.6%; base revenues were up 0.6%, with North American base revenues increasing 1.6%; and mixed international base revenues that overall were down 0.5% year-over-year. Our Asia businesses grew 3.7%, led by strong growth in India, as well as solid growth in China. We saw a 2.6% decline in Europe, with a decline in virtually all of our businesses. Acquisitions added 2.4% to revenue growth, while currency translation decreased revenues by 0.7%. Operating margins for the fourth quarter were 14.4% or 60 basis points lower than Q4 2011. Base business margins were down 40 basis points from last year. Higher sales volume contributed 20 basis points of operating leverage. On the non-volume side, price cost favorability improved margins by 50 basis points but was slightly lower than we were expecting. We also saw some negative impacts from higher pension and benefit cost, which decreased margin 70 basis points; and inventory revaluation from lower material cost, which reduced margins 30 basis points. In addition, total operating margins were lower by 30 basis points due to dilutive impact of acquisitions. The net operating margins from acquisitions, excluding amortization and other acquisition accounting items, were 12.2% for the quarter. Margins were also lower by 20 basis points due to higher restructuring. For the full year, revenues were up 0.8%. Excluding the impact of divestitures, revenues grew 2.2%. Operating margins were higher by 50 basis points. Excluding the discrete items that I discussed for the fourth quarter as well as the $0.33 favorable impact of the Australian tax case in 2011, full year EPS from continuing operations was $4.09 or 9.9% higher than 2011. Our total full year revenue increase is 0.8%, consisting of the following: Base revenue increased 1.7%. North America was strong for the year at a 4.3% growth rate. We had a mixed growth profile internationally that resulted in a 1% decline. John will discuss the full year geographic mix in more detail later in the call. Acquisitions added 3.1% to revenue growth, while divestitures, primarily Decorative Surfaces, drove a 1.4% reduction in revenue. Currency translation decreased revenues by 2.7%, mainly driven by a weaker euro. The higher full year base business margins of 110 basis points were partially offset by the dilutive impact of acquisitions of 40 basis points. Higher restructuring costs of 30 basis points also reduced margin, as we expect close to $100 million in restructuring activities this year, which was double compared to 2011. Overall, while international demand was sluggish for the year, our North American markets remained strong for most of the year. Despite our uneven top line growth profile, we saw a 50 basis point improvement in our operating margins as we maintained our 80/20 operating discipline and continued overhead cost management, while launching our rollout of our enterprise-wide strategy and initiatives. Looking at working capital and cash flow. Accounts receivable DSO at 58 days was consistent with last year, and inventory months on hand improved slightly to 1.7. ROIC for the year was 15.4%, consistent with 2011. Our ROIC continues to be well above our cost of capital and a key metric for us. As Scott mentioned, we expect the end result from our enterprise strategy will be an ROIC above 20% for 2017 and beyond. For the fourth quarter, net cash provided from operating activities was $605 million, with capital expenses of -- expenditures of $108 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of $497 million, which was 139% conversion of adjusted income from continuing operations. For the year, we generated nearly $1.7 billion of free operating cash flow, which was a 90% conversion of adjusted income from continuing operations. Excluding the increase in taxes paid due to divestitures, the cash flow conversion rate is north of 100%. Turning to our capital structure. Our capital allocation priorities continue to be as follows: Our first priority continues to be organic investments, especially focused on our key growth initiatives. Examples of our organic investments include R&D spending, additional investments in manufacturing capacity and restructuring projects, which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $350 million. This included the normal January dividend payment, which was accelerated into December to allow our shareholders to benefit from the 2012 dividend tax rate. Our current dividend yield continues to be about 2.5%. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividends is used for external investments, which are either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate allocation between these investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns. During Q4, we purchased just over $600 million in shares, which brought us to $2 billion worth of share repurchases for the year. As we look to 2013, we expect that our normal share repurchases from free cash flow will be at least $500 million. In addition, we intend to use any U.S. after-tax divestiture proceeds for share repurchases as well. As of the end of the current year, we have approximately $1.9 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our current buyback program. For 2012, we returned nearly $2.9 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, which was 80% of our available capital. We also utilized $730 million for acquisitions for the year, nearly all of which continue to be focused on our growth platforms in emerging markets. As we think about 2013 and beyond in the context of portfolio management, 2 factors will be key to our acquisition strategy: a focus on our accelerated growth spaces and a strong differentiation potential. Lastly, our debt-to-capital ratio dropped to 32% and debt to EBITDA rose slightly to 1.5x during the quarter. Our cash balance overseas is nearly $2.8 billion, and we have plenty of debt capacity to make additional investments. I will now turn it back over to John, who'll provide more details on the operating results by geography and individual segments.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Let me take a few moments to review our full year 2012 geographic trends. Excluding the impact of currency, total company revenues grew 4% for the full year, and organic revenues accounted for roughly half of that growth. In 2012, our strongest organic growing geography was North America, as Ron mentioned earlier, which increased 4%. International organic revenues fell 1%, with European organic revenues declining 2%, roughly in line with our expectations as we came into the year. The better news was that Asia Pacific's organic revenues grew 1%, with India being the principal contributor to the region's growth. Although we started to see a bit of a pickup in China revenue growth in Q4, it probably had more to do with our auto OEM business and the high level of activity there. Organic growth in China for the full year was essentially flat. Now moving to our Q4 segment table of results. Total company organic revenues grew 60 basis points. And as mentioned earlier, this is led by our Transportation and all other segments that grew organic revenues; 4% and 3%, respectively. As to our operating margins, the majority of our segments produced margin declines in the quarter. As Ron mentioned earlier, higher pension and other benefit costs negatively impacted all segments. In addition, certain segments had unfavorable inventory revaluation adjustments, including Power Systems and Electronics, Construction and Transportation. The exceptions were our Industrial Packaging and Polymers and Fluids segments that produced operating margin improvements of 140 and 150 basis points, respectively, and this was in large part due to better variable margin performance on product mix and reduced overhead related to restructuring projects. Now moving to Slide 15. We'll take a closer look at our 7 reporting segments. Starting with our Transportation segment. Our worldwide auto OEM business was once again the key contributor to segment organic growth. Worldwide auto OEM organic revenues grew a very, very strong 11% in Q4, with North America organic revenues increasing 12% and international revenues growing 10%. It's important to note that our European auto business produced organic revenue growth of 2%, marking the fourth consecutive quarter where our strong product penetration and positive customer mix more than offset a decline in car build. We should note that auto Europe car builds fell 7% in Q4 versus the year-ago period. And one other strong trend to note: Our Asia Pacific auto business, led by our China auto OEM business, grew organic revenues 28% in the quarter. In summary, if you look on a worldwide basis, our auto businesses produced organic revenue growth that was 9 percentage points higher than the actual increase in worldwide auto production; a strong performance. In our 2 other businesses, organic revenues for auto aftermarket business declined 5% in Q4, largely due to a loss of a product line with a key customer. And our truck remanufacturing business, which continues to benefit from energy-related projects in Canada and Western United States, produced organic revenue growth of 3%. Moving to Power System and Electronics segment produced substandard organic revenue growth, as both the welding and electronics businesses battle slower end-market demand, particularly international. For our worldwide welding business, organic revenue declined 1% in Q4, largely due to a 12% decline from our international welding business. Notably, our China welding business, faced by slower end-market conditions in the fourth quarter, continued to transition the business away from the weak shipbuilding end market to focus more and more on oil and gas end markets. The better news was that our North American welding business produced organic revenue growth of 3% in Q4. Our North American oil and gas customer demand continued to be reasonably solid in the quarter. I will say customer demand from North American heavy equipment OEMs softened a bit in Q4. And in electronics, our worldwide organic revenues declined 1% in the quarter, and this was based on the fact that our electronics assembly business, which posted a nearly 30% organic growth rate in Q3 due to the new product launch with a key customer -- we saw that business normalized in Q4. As a result, electronics assembly organic revenues declined 1% in Q4 versus the year-ago period. In our Industrial Packaging segment, our worldwide business continues to essentially reflect industrial production trends in our major geographies. For example, our total North American Industrial Packaging organic revenues grew 1%, while our total international Industrial Packaging organic revenues declined 2% in the quarter. And while our worldwide strapping and equipment organic revenues declined 4% in the quarter, our protective packaging and stretch packaging organic revenues grew 4% and 2%, respectively, in Q4. I should note that our protective packaging business was aided by increased demand from agricultural perishable good customers in Q4. In the Food Equipment segment, a slowdown in equipment sales was evident in both North America and internationally in Q4. In North America, total Food Equipment organic revenues declined 2%. The equipment portion of this business, which comprises roughly 2/3 of the portfolio, generated an organic revenue decline of 5%, and this was mainly tied to slower demand for equipment from institutional customers and budget-constrained sectors, such as schools and hospitals. The North American service business generated organic revenue growth of 4% in Q4. Internationally, institutionally focused equipment sales declined 3%, but service-related organic revenues grew an impressive 8% in the quarter. Clearly, we're very happy with the performance of our service business in the Food Equipment segment. In our Construction segment, improving end-market demand across North America drove improved results in the quarter. Total North America Construction organic revenues grew 7% in Q4, with residential construction organic revenue growth of 11% leading the way. Driven by improving residential fundamentals around new housing starts and new housing permits, we continue to be optimistic about the longer-term prospects for growth. In the commercial construction, our renovation construction categories organic revenues grew 6% and 5%, respectively. And again, improving data fundamentals from both Dodge and ABI give us a higher degree of confidence that North American commercial construction should improve in 2013 and beyond. Internationally, our European construction business continued to face weak end-market demand, while our Australian construction business showed signs of life in Q4. In Europe, organic revenues declined 5% in Q4. But in Asia Pacific, organic revenues actually grew 2%, and this was the first time we produced positive organic growth in this geography in 2012. A few notes on our Polymers and Fluids segment. Organic revenues continue to be negatively impacted by both weak end-market conditions, as well as product line simplification efforts we continued to carry out throughout the year. Our worldwide polymers and hygiene business was the most impacted during the quarter, with organic revenues declining 9% in Q4. However, as noted earlier, we continued to exit low-margin products and associated customers, which in aggregate helped drive a 320 basis point increase in base margins. On the fluids side of the business, organic revenues declined 1%, as end-market demand was soft in both North America and the rest of the world. Finally, moving to our All Other segment. The segment was led by strong organic revenue contributions from our test and measurement, consumer packaging and appliance businesses. For test and measurement, organic revenues increased 3% in Q4, and this was mainly due to strong demand for our Instron structural testing equipment, particularly from customers in Germany, China and Japan. In consumer packaging, organic revenues grew 2%, due to the growing demand and higher installation of automated case picking solutions from our Vertique global packaging business. And in appliance, organic revenues grew a robust 11% as growth was driven by demand for enhanced screen and safety products in North America, as well as expansion in emerging markets. Now let me turn the call back over to Ron, who will cover our 2013 earnings forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. Before I provide the details of our 2013 forecast, I'd like to walk you through some changes in our segment reporting, which will be effective for 2013. As we discussed at last month's Analyst Day, we're aligning our reporting segments to better match our portfolio segmentation strategy. So looking at the new 2013 segment reporting structure, I'll start with our former Transportation segment. We'll be transitioning that to a pure automotive OEM segment, with the automotive aftermarket business moving into our Polymers and Fluids segment, as well as the truck remanufacturing and service business moving to our Specialty Products segment. Given its continued growth, we have pulled test and measurement out of the All Other segment and combined it with the electronics business. This segment represents a core part of our overall growth profile within the company going forward. The welding business, which was formerly combined with our electronics business, will now be a stand-alone reportable segment. And our former All Other segment has a new name, Specialty Products, which primarily includes our consumer packaging businesses, as well as our appliance businesses and our truck remanufacturing service business. Lastly, we've eliminated the Decorative Surfaces segment, given the divestiture. In the appendix of our slide presentation, you'll find some detail showing the 2012 revenues for the new segments. And the appendix of last month's Analyst Day presentation includes more detail on our 2013 segments, which is also available on our website. Prior to our April earnings release, we'll provide you a set of restated historical financials for the new segments. As I mentioned previously, because we retained a 49% interest in the Wilsonart business, the gain on divestiture and ongoing equity income will be reported as income from continuing operations, not discontinued operations, and prior period results will not be restated. To allow for like-to-like comparisons to 2013, we'll be presenting our 2012 results on a pro forma basis, which exclude the impacts of the Decorative Surfaces business from our 2012 results. In the first 10 months of 2012 when we owned the business, the Decorative Surfaces business generated $921 million in revenue and $143 million in operating income, which resulted in the $0.21 per share impact. The net gain on the sale of the business and the impact of our ongoing equity interest in the business resulted in $1.30 per share in 2012. Excluding these items from our 2012 actual results, our pro forma 2012 full year revenue is just over $17 billion. Our 2012 pro forma EPS is $3.76, which represents a growth of 6.8% over a similar pro forma 2011 EPS. The $3.76 will be the 2012 baseline EPS we'll use as a comparison point to our 2013 forecast. Going forward, we will record 49% of the ongoing net income of the Wilsonart business. Due to the entity's interest expense and amortization expense, we expect our share of the results will have a minimal ongoing P&L impact. So turning to the forecast. For the full year 2013, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.13 to $4.37. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 3% to 5% versus pro forma 2012. The EPS midpoint of $4.25 would be 13% higher than the 2012 pro forma EPS of $3.76 that I just discussed. Also, as we mentioned in New York last month, we expect increased operating margins next year in the range of 16.5% to 16.9% versus 2012 margins of 15.9%. The key drivers of our 13% EPS growth for 2013 include the following: $0.41 from the base business, driven from organic growth as well as the net benefits from our initiatives, primarily related to business structure simplification, with some sourcing benefits later in the year; a minimal impact from acquisitions and a $0.02 decline from divestitures, which relate to the smaller divestitures completed in 2012, not the impact of Decorative Surfaces. We expect to spend between $120 million and $140 million in restructuring, which will be 20% to 40% higher than 2012, resulting in a $0.05 EPS decline. Our nonoperating costs increased, largely due to higher interest expense from the long-term balance we issued last August. We expect currency to have a minimal impact year-over-year as we have assumed exchange rates will hold at current levels. There's an $0.08 benefit due to the 2013 tax rate forecast of 28.5% to 29.5% versus the actual 30.4% pro forma tax rate in 2012. And we expect to see a $0.12 benefit from the shares we bought back in 2012, as well as what we forecast to buy back in 2013, which we expect to be a minimum of $500 million from our normal free cash flow. For the first quarter of 2013, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.91 to $0.99, which assumes a total revenue growth of negative 2% to flat. The midpoint of the Q1 EPS range of $0.95 would be a 4.4% growth versus the 2012 pro forma EPS of $0.91. There's 1 less shipping day in the first quarter of 2013 versus 2012, which had a negative impact of 1.5% on revenues and $0.04 per share on EPS. Based on equal days, revenue would be flat year-over-year, with EPS up 9%. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. One, on your 2013 guidance, you talked about the $0.41 help from just your base -- your revenue growth, as well as strategic initiatives, and you sort of mentioned sourcing benefits you'd get in the back half of the year. If you could just give us any color on what's really top line versus what's sourcing or any operational improvements? And then my second question just on the restructuring, you mentioned 20% to 40% higher versus last year. I think at the Analyst Day, you hinted more towards flat to 2012. So what's changed and which segments are they directed towards?
Ronald D. Kropp: Okay. So I'll start with the EPS for 2013. As we've laid out in the slide, there's a $0.41 increase related to the base business, which is where the benefits from the sourcing and business structure simplification initiatives are. That -- so that's based on the 2% base growth as the midpoint of our range. And about half of that benefit, including the negative $0.05 in restructuring, relates to the initiatives. The other half relates to growth and getting operating leverage from that growth.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just on the restructuring question?
Ronald D. Kropp: On the restructuring side, when we had talked in New York, we had thought it'd be flat year-over-year, which was still a significant increase over 2011. As we finalized our 2013 plans and look specifically at our 2013 initiatives around business structure simplification, we got some more specificity around exactly what we need to do during 2013, so we increased the $30 million. It's all related to business structure simplification.
Operator: Next question is from Andy Kaplowitz of Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can we talk about welding in particular? When do you think we'll hit bottom in that China shipbuilding business for your business? And then if you look at the overall business, I think your initial forecast from December was 4% to 6% growth for 2013, organic. You were at negative 1% for 4Q. I know the compares are going to get easier in the international business. So how do you assess that initial '13 forecast and what you saw on 4Q?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I don't think -- we've changed our organic assumption around welding. Again 4% to 6%, could it be at the lower end? Possibly. I think that as it relates to China, clearly, we're going through a transition. We've been going through a transition on the shipbuilding side. It will -- I think it will continue to be -- it will continue to impact some of our results, but we should probably by the end of the year, second quarter, things should start to get better for us in China.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will point out overall in welding, we had a very strong first quarter last year, almost 20% year-on-year growth, so we have a tough comp in the first quarter, but it gets a little bit easier as we move through the year.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And John, you mentioned that the OEMs softened a bit in welding in North America but still relatively good growth. I mean, do we still look for sort of relatively good growth? I understand the tough comps in 1Q, but generally oil and gas can hold you up in North America. Is that fair?
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I think that's a fair assumption. I mean, if you saw our performance in Q4, up 3%, 4%, largely driven by oil and gas. You saw the report coming out of CAT. So I don't think this is any big news to anybody that their order rates have slowed somewhat. And they're being impacted by some of the global environment, too. So I would expect oil and gas to be a clear contributor to welding in 2013.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So maybe if I can ask just a follow-up on the overall segment, Power Systems and Electronics. Can you tell us how much was the inventory reval in that business versus maybe incremental weakness in the business, in that 300 basis points decline?
Ronald D. Kropp: So in the Power Systems segment, the inventory reval was negative 70 basis points on margin. So the other pieces [ph] of the margin, certainly as we talked about, there's the pension and benefit costs that we record here at corporate that got spread to all the segments; that had an impact of about 100 basis points. On the plus side, price cost was favorable, 80 to 90, and overhead was up a little bit.
Operator: Next question is from Robert Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I wanted to ask one business question. Obviously, the automotive sector is doing great. And I wondered if you could give us any indication of how long that outgrowth versus the market might continue. In other words, it seems as though you've won a lot of content on vehicles, and maybe as the newer vehicles mix in and the older mix out, that continues to be a driver for you for a multiyear period, or maybe it's over. I'm just curious.
John L. Brooklier: No, I think it's a multiyear story.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, this is a business where we obviously have sort of forward visibility. One of the few where we have some pretty significant forward visibility because we are engineering and specifying in new content on models that are 2 or 3 years away from production. So I think this is a pretty solid story for us for a while to come.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So you expect that content win growth above the market to continue for years to come, let's say?
E. Scott Santi: For at least the next 2 or 3 that we can see.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. But I would caution, Rob, as we look at this longer term, I think we -- if you're looking at sort of average penetration numbers, in aggregate, I think we're probably looking at outperformance on a global base, probably 4% to 5%. Now you're going to see some numbers on a quarterly basis that are probably above that. But long term, it's probably more like in the 4% to 5% range.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Great. And then if I can ask just a couple of cleanup questions. There was $0.04 -- you mentioned this in the Investor Day, about $0.04 of corporate nonoperating in the quarter. I'm not sure what that was. And then just the -- in your earnings walk, Slide 19, you have $0.09 of drag from nonoperating. I'm not sure what that is. And then just one last cleanup, in the $3.76 that you're using for a base for next year, what's the 4Q number embedded in that?
Ronald D. Kropp: Okay. So the $0.09 nonop in 2013 versus '12, most of that relates to higher interest expense. We issued some long-term bonds in August of 2012 that will have a full year impact in 2013. What was your first question, sorry?
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: The $0.04 corporate discrete, yes.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. We -- it's mostly pension- and benefit-related cost. The biggest piece of that is additional costs related to the passing of our CEO, David Speer, during the quarter, where we had some acceleration of pension and equity costs related to that.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Understood. And then the 4Q, the embedded 4Q in the $3.76, if that's possible. It just seemed like there was a lower number than the $0.89 embedded.
Ronald D. Kropp: $0.76 is the embedded 4Q number.
Operator: The next question is from Deane Dray of Citi.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just to follow up on that automotive question. The numbers in China were particularly impressive at 28% on base. Maybe frame for us what the builds were within those platforms, and where you stand in terms of your penetration to date in terms of the OEs in China and outlook for the balance of the year?
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I mean, we have -- we've had dramatic overperformance in China. If you look in the last quarter, we were up, as you said, 28% organically, and builds were only up 7% or 8%. So I think it's really fundamentally focusing on those key OEMs, Chery, Brilliance and the like. That's the future of China, and their build continues to be -- while that continues to be strong, our overall performance continues to be very much targeted around our ability to serve those local OEMs that are going to contribute to growth longer-term.
E. Scott Santi: Who are now building cars that are at a much higher level of technical sophistication than they were even 2 or 3 years ago, which certainly helps us in terms of being able to deliver solutions to them that they now need.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then a follow-up question for Scott. Lots and lots of questions about -- and expectations about a resurging U.S. residential cycle. And maybe just give us a sense -- ITW touches so many of those, the products and services within that cycle, and sometimes it's just proportionately attributed to what your overall revenues are. But you still has some really good insight of -- and hopefully you can share for us what you're seeing today for the signs of a recovery and how might this cycle play out differently versus previous cycles.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think what we are seeing for the first time in this sort of extended recovery, if you want to call it that, is we're starting to see, I think, some real consistent alignment in terms of the overall market metrics that we're looking at across a number of different sources. So I think we are in a stage now where we're starting to build some momentum, and I think the -- in terms of how all this plays out, my view is it's still going to be spiky. It's still going to be -- it's still a high level of foreclosure activity. There are still some, what would you call it, some of the excesses of the prior market issues there are -- that still have to be dealt with as we go through this. But in general, I think we're at a point now, where we're going to start to see some solid year-on-year improvement, and that's going to play out for, as it gets going, for a number of years.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just to clarify, is there the same market exposure, the same distribution channels, the big-box versus a really diverse set of building yards that don't necessarily show up in -- that you would get from big-box indicators? But how is that mix today versus the last cycle for ITW?
E. Scott Santi: Yes. It's a good question. I don't -- I think from an overall channel standpoint, I think the market structure has remained largely intact. I think one of the interesting things that's starting to crop up that certainly is going to have an effect is the issue of shortage of skilled trade labor. We're starting to see now some shortages in terms of various construction trades because a lot of people that used to do that for a living has now -- have now gone out and found other things to do, as this market has been in such a declined state for a while, and so I think we'll see how that ultimately -- it's probably the biggest concern on our radar in terms of macro fundamentals here.
Operator: Next question is from Ann Duignan of JPMC.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Ann from JPMorgan. I haven't changed, again.
John L. Brooklier: We assumed it was JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to take a circle back on the Industrial Packaging business. We always think that, that business as being the most coincident with economic activity. And maybe you could give us some color in terms of what you're seeing now as we go into the new year, post any uncertainty that popped up in the fourth quarter?
John L. Brooklier: Again, I go back to my comment around that I think it -- largely reflecting industrial production metrics, either in North America or in Europe. So the European business is slower, the North American business is a little bit better. Now, we do have disparate pieces of that business around strapping, around protective packaging and around stretch that all have sort of different growth metrics right now. And quarter-to-quarter, those can change based on sort of discrete demand from specific end markets or customers. But I would say in aggregate, what we're seeing there is not dissimilar than what we're seeing from a sort of a total industrial production demand level.
E. Scott Santi: No big changes in Europe over the last 2 quarters. Right.
John L. Brooklier: More of the same on the North American side too, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the process is the same, but the --
Ronald D. Kropp: And we were down in more than industrial production in the fourth quarter, but a lot of that was due to some comps and hedge buys in the prior year. So if you can strip that out, we're really close to flat in the fourth quarter, and that's what we're seeing going forward here.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's good color. And then on Food Equipment, schools and hospitals, no surprise there that the spending might be curtailed a little bit. Do you think that, that was just kind of lack of budgets in 2012 and we might see some pent-up demand in '13? Or are those sectors likely to remain under pressure as we go forward? Just some color on what you're seeing out there in the Food Equipment side.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. I think the budget issues continue going into '13 for those sectors, and that's sort of one of our -- one of the realities of our position, as we've got some real strength in the institutional space, that both in Europe and in North America are obviously dealing with some fiscal pressures and other things. We have been very focused on growing earnings through margin improvement in that business and also focusing on the service part of the business, as I think John talked about earlier, had some nice growth there. So I think that story remains intact for us in 2013.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is that one of the sectors that you might look to build from -- through acquisition?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think it's one that we certainly need to up our penetration in more of the fast-food, fast-casual arena than -- where we said we have a nice position there, but certainly not one that is reflective of, on a relative basis, the overall potential. So whether it's organic or acquisition or some combination thereof, I think we have some -- assume some -- it's been part of our strategy for the last 18 months or so to really position ourselves to have a bigger piece of that part of the market.
Operator: Next question is from John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the elevated restructuring in '13 versus '12, I apologize if you said this, but again, where are you taking these actions? Do you expect the costs to kind of be relatively linearly spent? And is this a new run rate given sort of simplification? Or -- we do expect, from what we know, '14 to kind of revert back to the $100 million.
Ronald D. Kropp: So the $130 million is really being driven by business structure simplification initiative. As we talked about in New York, 2012, 2013 are going to be strong years for restructuring around business structure simplification, and we'd expect that to moderate a bit in 2014, probably not back to normal levels, which are $60 million, $70 million until 2015. But I would say 2013, we'd expect to be a peak. And it's really spread out throughout the year and throughout the company as the business structure simplification is really an initiative company-wide.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So -- I'm sorry. So okay, it sounds like $100 million for '14 is a reasonable midpoint between what you just said for '15 and what you're spending in '13. Where are you -- where have you sort of opportunistically, if you want to think about in that context or whatever, found incremental restructuring opportunities? Is it -- are you just sort of accelerating your process? Or as you're arrived at the new [ph] process and you're saying, "Oh, we can be doing more of this or that"? Or -- a little more color would be great.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. John, it basically is coming from the fact that as this BSS, business structure simplification, initiative continues to get sort of developed and executed around the company, our plans for '13 have become much more crisp and clear around what we need to do there. And so essentially, it's about this initiative really accelerating from an execution standpoint for '13.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I'm just trying to understand, though, it's the context that, "Oh, we really have to," I guess, "spend more money, because we didn't appreciate how," let's say, "difficult the problems were"? Or that you're getting progress and you're accelerating kind of the plan?
E. Scott Santi: We can get more done in 2013.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That makes sense. And then just lastly, Scott, it's going to be your first year as CEO. I mean, obviously, simplification is going to be a big part of what, I'm assuming, you're going to be focusing on. What are you going to be -- how are you going to be allocating your time? Is there any way to sort of segment this as you're sort of thinking about your year ahead and what you're hoping to accomplish this year?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I talked about -- as part of my opening comments, the real priorities from my standpoint are pretty simple, which is, we have to execute with excellence in terms of how we run our businesses every day in the context of whatever the realities of the economic environment are. And we are in the process of sort of executing enterprise strategy that we've spent 2 years developing here. So from the standpoint of my time and the management's team and our -- management team's time and our priorities, that's where it resides. So we are in execution mode in a big way in 2013 on our enterprise strategy.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm assuming a disproportionate amount of this is going to be focused on Europe, just based on continued market malaise, your big company in Europe. I mean, I'm just -- I'm assuming that you're going to be spending more time physically in Europe with your European managers figuring out how to drive incremental productivity and so forth.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think those plans are pretty far advanced in terms of all the planning around business structure simplification and -- in Europe. I think the -- I wouldn't characterize the benefits to the company as disproportionate to Europe. I think Europe is a big part of it. But ultimately, from the standpoint of -- you know, this is not necessarily economic in its -- sort of motivation. This is about structuring the company in a way where we can leverage scale and yet maintain our decentralized operating model. So this is a global initiative. We're applying this in both North America and in Europe. And certainly, the economic environment in Europe has an added element to it. But by and large, the processes are very similar in North America and Europe. The execution is a little more challenging in Europe, as I'm sure you well know, given just some of the realities there but doesn't in any way take away from the potential benefits for the company in the end.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I was also thinking from the potential of the profit improvement. I'm assuming that you would probably have more European margin improvement opportunity than you would in other parts of the company. Maybe that's not a fair statement.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I wouldn't necessarily -- I would say there are equal benefits in both.
Operator: The next question is from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The -- a question going back to the Power Systems and Electronics, the 300 basis point segment margin decrease. If I take out the inventory revaluation and the pension hit you described earlier, everything else appeared to drive around the 90 basis point decrease in margins, if I'm doing the math right. That's still a relatively high decremental. Was that -- aside from the price cost stuff you already described, was that primarily driven by the mix shift related to the various OEM actions? And how far are your customers saying those are going to last into 2013?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I think the biggest piece of that remaining amount that I didn't talk about earlier is, there's a 50 basis point hit related to restructuring in that segment, which is really more focused on the electronics business versus welding. So we don't see any significant difference in margins between -- in the product mix area coming through this quarter.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. So that, okay, should reverse through the year. On -- then on this automotive aftermarket product line loss, a few cleanup questions, I guess. Is that related -- is that contained within the acquired revenues from SOPUS? What drove the customer decision? Was it price or something else? And then does that have a material impact on the '13 revenue outlook?
E. Scott Santi: It is related to SOPUS. It was related to -- how do I want to describe it? I think, ultimately, a pricing situation that we weren't comfortable pursuing from a profitability standpoint. And from an overall 2013 impact, it certainly had some impact from a revenue standpoint. But from a -- we've got -- have had some strong margin improvement momentum within the -- what's now our aftermarket platform, and we expect that to continue in '13, with or without the revenue that we just talked about.
Operator: The next question is from Eli Lustgarten of Longbow.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Just got one cleanup question. The tax rate is going down in '13 to a new midpoint of 29%. Is that mostly the R&D tax credit? Or is that the level we should look out for 2014, whether or not they have an R&D tax credit or not?
Ronald D. Kropp: No, and I think we've got the R&D tax credit baked in at both years. I think the -- our normal run rate for our tax rate has been 29%. It ticked up a little bit in the fourth quarter, which got us the 30.4% for the year, but we'd expect our normal run rate, similar to what it was in the earlier quarters of 2012, to be 29%. So no significant change in our tax profile.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: So '14, it would be -- you should assume the same as '13?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. We're not going to predict '14 tax rate at this point, but that's certainly a reasonable assumption.
E. Scott Santi: Or 2015, Eli.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, I was just -- just wanted to make sure whether this is a permanent change or not.
Ronald D. Kropp: Not today.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: In the 0.5 point to almost 1 point improvement in operating margins, could you give us some idea as you look at the new segments that, will most of that come in a couple of segments? Or is it pretty well spread? And could you give us some idea of the operating margin improvement expected for 2013?
Ronald D. Kropp: It's really across most segments. And as we said, these enterprise initiatives are touching all the segments, and that's certainly been a large part of the margin improvement.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: So there's no 1 or 2 segments that's going to have above average -- or, what was it? Above average? Would it be average? Or, I mean, is there any guidance...
Ronald D. Kropp: Not anything of significance.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: So it's pretty well distributed. And just a cleanup, do you have an auto forecast in North America, Europe and China and a housing forecast?
John L. Brooklier: Yes. Eli, I'll go offline with you, and give you all of those numbers.
Operator: Next question is from Ajay of FBR.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So maybe just on that inventory reval, and I know you do this on a periodic basis, but sounds like it came a little bit heavier this quarter. So is it possible to kind of just provide general color in what that was? Is it more related to raw material pricing? Or is it more accounting on work in process or finished goods? Just general color would be helpful.
Ronald D. Kropp: So what it is, is certainly, we do look at our inventory costing as we move through the year on a quarterly basis. But generally as we move into -- through the end of the year, there's a normal process of looking at our standard cost based on current cost, as well as going forward. And if you look at where the impact of that standard to standard, it's really in the businesses that use steel as a primary raw material input. So it's automotive. It's Power Systems. It's Construction. So as you know, steel has been going down all year, so it's really -- you really had to catch up in some of the adds that we recorded in the fourth quarter.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. But if we can maybe look at 2013, so your organic revenue guide -- and I know you provided color at the analyst meeting by segment. But just any updated thoughts on the new segments. What are your expectations that you're baking in to that full year guide? Which segments coming in better than average, which kind of flagging?
John L. Brooklier: Well, if you remember, when we presented this in New York, we did present it in the context of the new segments. So the segments that have higher-than-average growth in that were automotive OEM, which we've talked about, and welding. Those are the 2 bigger segments that are driving the higher growth.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Good. And not to violate your 2-question policy, but -- so I'm looking at this $0.09 hit nonoperating, and you mentioned interest expense in the bonds. But then you also have this nearly $3 billion in cash overseas, which I'm presuming is not yielding much return. So what's the game plan? I mean, is it just you wait for a tax policy change? You have this big cash sitting outside; what do you do with that?
Ronald D. Kropp: That's a good question, and it's something that we certainly are focused on. The way the tax policy works now, it would be significantly expensive to bring that back to the U.S. But certainly, we could do that, if we needed to do that. Right now, what we've been doing is using that cash for overseas investment. So we've had a lot of growth in Asia and China, for instance, through greenfield builds; in Brazil, through acquisitions. So that's certainly where we're using that overseas cash. But where we're at now and especially given all the discussions around U.S. tax policy, right now, there's no plans to bring any of that back until all that gets sorted out. And certainly, we'll evaluate that as the tax policy gets finalized.
Operator: The next question is from Joel Tiss of BMO.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So here's my list of 11 questions. So just 2 quick ones on acquisitions. You didn't really give us any kind of a target level, and I know it's being deemphasized. But can you just give us a sort of a ballpark of where things look like that might be shaking out?
E. Scott Santi: I think what I would say is, from my standpoint, Joel, for 2013 -- not a big focus for us. We've got a lot of things to get implemented and executed. We will certainly take a look at good opportunities as they come to us. And so we're certainly not ruling acquisitions out. But from an overall priority and focus standpoint for 2013, probably not high up on the priority list. That being said, we had about $500 million of acquired revenues in '12, maybe something close to that, maybe something less.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then the growth of 200 basis points organic growth, 200 basis points better than industrial production. Is that going to start later after the businesses get realigned? Or is that something that's going to start right away?
John L. Brooklier: Well, part of it relates to the portfolio mix, so we are -- we have businesses inside the company today, a number of them, significant ones that are -- have historically performed over the last 5 years at that level or above. We have some others that have, given the sort of characteristics of their markets, been working the other way. So some of the sort of aggregate performance of the enterprise is a function of how we're going to shape the portfolio over the next couple of years. And I think as a result of that, a higher growth portfolio is going to yield us the overall metric that we're talking about. So yes...
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Probably more '14 and beyond?
John L. Brooklier: '14, '15 and beyond; heading up to that, yes.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. I know it's a busy day for everyone. I look forward -- we look forward to hearing from you again, and I'll be talking to a number of you later in the day. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations E. Scott Santi - Acting Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew Buscaglia Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the ITW Third Quarter Earnings Release Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If there are any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the meeting over to your host, John Brooklier.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Dory. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me on today's call is our President and acting CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Scott, Ron and I will discuss our strong Q3 financial results, our updated 2012 forecast, as well as our long-term strategic initiatives. And as always, we will take your questions. Before I review today's agenda, let me make a few comments about our succession planning announcement from last week. Our Board of Directors named Scott Santi to the role of President and Chief Operating Officer as part of our normal succession planning process. In addition, Scott was also appointed acting Chief Executive Officer following the decision by David Speer, Chairman and CEO, to take a leave of absence in order to fully focus on his health. On behalf of everyone at ITW, Scott, Ron and I send along our very best wishes to David. David, we're thinking of you and all your friends at ITW say get well. Now here's the agenda for today's call. Scott will highlight our Q3 financial results, as well as talk about our early [Audio Gap] stage progress we've made on our long-term initiatives that we publicly introduced earlier this year. Ron will then cover our Q3 financial results in more detail. I will then talk about our Q3 geographic performance in detail segment results. Finally, Ron will update you on our Q4 and full year forecast. Finally, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We have scheduled 1 hour for today's call. Moving to the next slides very quickly, [audio gap] the presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2012 fourth quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 10-K for 2011 for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the appendix of this presentation and also on our website at www.itw.com. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is (888) 566-0396. No passcode is necessary to access the replay, and the replay will be available through midnight, November 6, 2012. Now let me turn it over to Scott. Scott?
E. Scott Santi: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. I also want to begin by sending along my personal best wishes to David Speer, who has been a leader, a mentor and a friend to me throughout much of my career at ITW. In the meantime, I want to assure everyone that it's business as usual here at the company. As noted in our announcement from last week, I've spent my entire 30-year career at ITW, and over the course of that time have had management experience and leadership responsibility in every one of our operating segments. We also have a very deep and talented management team who average more than 20 years of experience with the company, and I can assure you as, that as a management team, we remain focused on our 2 major objectives: Delivering solid earnings on a quarterly basis; and successfully implementing our enterprise initiatives to make ITW an even better company in the years ahead. As to our third quarter results, I was very pleased with our ability to enhance our profitability, [audio gap] even as we dealt with revenue headwinds in geographies such as [audio gap] in China. Our double-digit earnings per share growth and strong operating margin improvement in the third quarter clearly reflects our focus on our differentiated 80/20 operating model. I'll also note that we continue to return significant levels of cash to our shareholders. Through the third quarter, we have returned more than $1.9 billion of cash via dividends in our share repurchase program. Finally, some updates on our 3 enterprise initiatives: Business structure simplification; strategic sourcing; and portfolio management. We remain fully committed to these initiatives and implementation plans around each are well underway. Our divestiture activity thus far in 2012, including our Industrial Finishing group and pending Decorative Surfaces transactions, underscore our commitment to reposition our business portfolio to focus the company on our best long-term growth return and margin opportunities. We also continued to make solid real-time progress on our business structure simplification and strategic sourcing initiatives, and we look forward to sharing additional details and operating metrics around the enterprise performance benefits we expect to generate from all 3 of these initiatives at our December 14 investor meeting in New York. Now let me turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the third quarter. Revenues decreased 1.7% due to unfavorable impact from currency, partially offset by higher organic and acquisition revenues. Operating income was $763 million, which was higher than last year by $49 million, representing income growth of 6.8%. Operating margins of 16.9% were 130 basis points higher compared to last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $1.12, which included $0.03 of after-tax gains on divestitures. Excluding the divestiture after-tax gains, we finished at $1.09, which was at the upper end of our forecasted EPS range of $1.03 to $1.11. While international demand continued to slow, we were pleased by the continued positive levels of North American demand. Overall, we had a strong third quarter earnings performance reflecting our established 80/20 operating discipline and continued overhead management cost. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 1.7% revenue decline was primarily due to the following factors: Based revenues were up 0.9%, with North American-based revenues increasing 3.9% and mixed international-based revenues that overall, were down nearly 3% year-over-year. John will discuss the geographic mix in more detail later in the call. Acquisitions net of divestitures added 1.4% to revenue growth, and currency translation decreased revenues by 4.1% largely due to a weaker Euro. Operating margins for the third quarter of 16.9% were 130 basis points higher than Q3 2011. Based business margins increased 200 basis points, with higher sales volume contributing 20 basis points. The positive impact of non-volume items increased based margins by 180 basis points versus last year, primarily due to 80 basis points of price cost favorability, as well as strong management of overhead cost. In addition, total operating margins were lower by 30 basis points due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. The net operating margins from acquisitions, excluding amortization and other acquisition accounting items, were 11.7%. Margins were also lower by 30 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses versus the comparable period last year. Looking at working capital and cash flow, accounts receivable DSO of 61 days was about 2 days higher than last year, mainly due to the impact of currency, and inventory months on hand remained consistent at 1.8 months. ROIC for the third quarter was 16.3%, which was 90 basis points higher than Q3 of last year. Our ROIC continues to run at our 15% to 17% target range as a -- and is significantly above our cost of capital. For the third quarter, net cash provided from operating activities was $635 million, with capital expenditures of $90 million resulting in free operating cash flow of $545 million, which was 104% conversion to net income. On a year-to-date basis, we have generated cash flow of nearly $1.2 billion, which was approximately $200 million better than the same year-to-date period last year. We expect to end the year with close to 100% conversion rate of cash flow to income from continuing operations. Turning to capital structure, our capital allocation priorities continued to be as follows: Our first priority continues to be organic investments, especially focused on our key growth platforms in emerging markets. Examples of organic investments include R&D spending for new product innovation, additional investments in manufacturing capacity and restructuring projects which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $169 [ph] million and our current dividend yield is about 2.5%. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividends are used for external investments, either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate allocation between these investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns. During Q3, we continued to be active with our buyback program and repurchased $416 million of shares, which brings us to $1.4 billion in share repurchases through the third quarter of this year. As of the end of Q3, we have approximately $2.5 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our buyback program. Through the third quarter of 2012, we have returned over $1.9 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, which was 75% of our available capital. In addition, we utilized $62 million for acquisitions in Q3, the majority of which continue to be focused on our growth platforms in emerging markets. Also during the quarter, we took advantage of the fair book credit markets and issued $1.1 billion in 30-year bonds at an interest rate of 3.9%. Both our debt-to-capital ratio and debt-to-EBITDA remained consistent with last quarter at 33% and 1.4x, respectively. Our cash balance overseas is nearly $2.1 billion, and we have plenty of debt capacity to make additional [audio gap] investments. Now I want to spend a few minutes updating you on the status of the Decorative Surfaces transaction. In August, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement to divest a 51% interest in our Decorative Surfaces segment to CD&R, a private equity firm. Between CD&R's equity investment and third-party financing by the new entity, we will receive approximately $1.05 billion at closing, which we expect to occur within the next few weeks. We will record a significant after-tax gain on the transaction upon closing. Going forward, we will deconsolidate this business from our operating results and record 49% of the ongoing net income of the entity. Due to the entity's interest and amortization expense, we expect our 49% share of these results to have a minimal ongoing P&L impact. Because we had retained a 49% interest, the gain on the transaction and ongoing equity income will be reported as current income from continuing operations, not discontinued operations, and prior-period results will not be restated. As Scott mentioned, this divestiture aligns with our portfolio management initiative, where we will continue to selectively divest businesses that no longer fit our core platforms or our long-term performance objectives. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the results by geography and individual segments.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Let me take a few moments to review our Q3 geographic revenue trends, most of which will come as no surprise to any of you. Excluding the impact of currency, our total revenue growth totaled roughly 2% in Q3, with organic revenues accounting for approximately 1% of that growth. Similar to earlier quarters of 2012, our North American businesses delivered the strongest organic growth in Q3 with North American organic revenues increasing 4% in the recent quarter. It's clear that North American end market demand largely led by the U.S. economy, remains in reasonably good shape. Once again, total international organic revenues were weaker, declining a total of 3% in the quarter and key geographic breakouts include European and Asian Pacific organic revenues decreasing 4% and 1%, respectively. The only glimmer of better international revenue news came from South America, where our organic revenues increased 3% in the quarter. Most notably, Brazil's organic revenues grew 2% in the third quarter. Now moving to our Q3 segment table of results, total company organic revenues increased approximately 1%, with contributions led by our Power Systems and Electronics segment, which grew organic revenues 4.5% and our All Other segment, which grew organic revenues a similar 4.5%. Notably, all of our segments produced operating margin improvement in the quarter thanks to favorable price cost dynamics and the strength of our 80/20 business process focus. We produced operating margin improvement of 260 basis points from both our Food Equipment and Industrial Packaging segments. And in addition, our operating margins for Power Systems and Electronics improved 220 basis points. As Ron noted earlier, total company operating margins hit 16.9% in Q3, 130 basis points better than we did a year ago. Now let's take a closer look at our reporting segments, beginning with our Transportation segment. Organic revenues grew 1.4% in Q3 versus the year-ago period. Once again, our Auto OEM business was a key contributor to organic growth, with worldwide organic revenues increasing a robust 9%. Both our North American and International Auto businesses produced organic growth of 9% in the quarter. Notably, our European Auto business produced organic growth of 4%, representing the third straight quarter where our strong European product penetration and positive customer mix more than offset a negative car build, which actually declined 6% in the quarter. That's the continuation of great results from our Europe Auto team. Congratulations to them. One other note, our European -- I should say, our Asia Pacific Auto OEM business largely led by our China businesses grew organic revenues more than 20% in Q3. In our 2 other businesses in this segment, organic revenues for our Auto Aftermarket business declined 8% in the quarter, and that reflects weaker consumer demand in a variety of global end markets. Our Truck Remanufacturing business produced organic revenue growth of 2% and that's based on ongoing demand for our specialty trucks and related service from customers in Canada, Western United States and that's associated with energy development projects there. In our Power Systems and Electronic segment, we benefited from strong demand from our electronics customers and moderating but still positive North American welding trends. Total segment organic revenues increased 4.5% in the quarter. In Electronics, our worldwide organic revenues grew a strong 11% in the quarter. Our Electronics Assembly business increased organic revenues almost 30% due to strong order rates from a key electronic customer with new product launches. On the other side of the business, organic revenues for our Component businesses were not nearly as good in the quarter. Organic revenues declined 4% as key customers were negatively impacted by weak consumer demand for more basic products such as cell phones and computers. In our welding category, it was clearly a tale of 2 geographies in the quarter, while our total organic revenues grew only 2%, our North American organic revenues grew at a more solid rate of 5%. North America oil & gas, as well as heavy equipment OEM customers continued to have reasonable demand for our welding equipment and specialty consumable products. Led by weakness in China shipbuilding, our international organic revenues declined 6% in the quarter. I might point out, however, that if you take a look at our Welding business in Europe, we actually produced flat organic revenues in the quarter. In our industrial packaging segment, our business continue to generally reflect industrial production trends in the major geographies. In aggregate, segment organic revenues grew very modestly in the quarter versus the year-ago period. Our total North American Industrial Packaging organic revenues grew 2% while our total International Industrial Packaging organic revenues declined 1%. More specifically, in our Signode Steel and Plastic Strapping Equipment businesses that provide end of the line packaging of finished goods across a very broad set of markets, worldwide organic revenues declined 3%, with International North American organic revenues decreasing at similar rates. The best news in this segment continued to be our Stretch Packaging business. Worldwide organic revenues grew 10%, based on contributions coming from increases in North American film volume and new business with customers in the beverage and food segments. And similar to last quarter, silage and agricultural-related demand also drove organic growth in the quarter. In our Food Equipment segment, North America continued to outperform the international side. Our total segment organic revenues increased a very modest 30 basis points in Q3. In North America, organic revenues grew 5%, with equipment sales increasing a very encouraging 6%. The equipment category was led by sale gains from our baking, slicing and cooking businesses. Meanwhile, our North American service business has increased organic revenues 2%. Internationally, organic revenues fell 4% as end market weakness with institutional customers persisted in countries such as Italy and France for our Food Equipment products. As a result, equipment sales declined a total of 8% in the quarter. And the only bit of good international news was our Service business, which grew organic revenues a very strong 6% in the quarter. Moving to our construction segment, ongoing weakness in Europe and Asia Pacific offset our positive performance in North America. And as a result, segment organic revenues declined 2.8% in the quarter versus the year-ago period. On the international side, organic revenues declined 6% as Europe and Asia Pacific revenues fell 8% and 3%, respectively. In Europe, construction in markets continued to be hampered by both public and private spending, particularly in the commercial construction category. The European retail segment also showed signs of further weakening in Q3. In Asia Pacific, organic revenues declined largely due to weak commercial tool sales in Australia and New Zealand. Not surprisingly, it was a better story for us in North America, driven by improving residential fundamentals around housing starts and new housing permits, our Residential Construction businesses grew organic [audio gap] 7% in the quarter. And while we haven't yet seen a major inflection point in the new housing market, we fundamentally believe much better days are ahead for our Residential-related Construction businesses. Both our Commercial and our Renovation Construction businesses produced organic revenue -- organic growth rates I should say, of 1% in the quarter. In our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues were negatively impacted by weak European end market conditions in the Polymers and Hygiene sector, as well as low-margin business we exited in the quarter. Segment organic revenues declined 6.7% in Q3 versus the year-ago period. In our worldwide Polymers and Hygiene category, organic revenues fell 9% as sales declined in Spain, England, France and Germany. Our worldwide Fluids organic revenues declined only 2% as the MRO-oriented basis of this sector was more in line with industrial production trends in various worldwide geographies. A couple of notes on our soon-to-be divested Decorative Surfaces segment, organic revenues modestly declined in Q3 due to weakness in international end markets. Accordingly, organic revenues decreased 1.7% in Q3. In North America, organic revenues grew only 1% in the quarter, in part due to a decrease in product demand associated with lower inventory levels in some of the major big-box stores in the United States. And internationally, organic revenues declined 6% due to slower end market demand in key geographies such as U.K., Germany and China. Finally, in our final segment, All Other. The key contributor to the segment was once again our Test and Measurement business. Organic revenues for this business grew 12% in Q3 based on ongoing CapEx spending for value-added structural testing equipment in North America, Europe and China. Tests and Measurement was also helped in the quarter by a onetime sale of equipment to a key consumer electronic customer. Our other major business in this segment, Consumer Packaging, produced flat organic revenues in Q3 as mid-single digit organic growth from our global Packaging Solutions businesses was offset by organic revenue declines in the worldwide Graphics and Decorating businesses. This concludes my remarks about the segments. And I'll turn the call over to Ron, who will cover our 2012 forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. Before I provide the details of our forecast, note that both our fourth quarter and full year 2012 forecast now exclude operating results from Decorative Surfaces after the expected closing date, as well as the expected after-tax gain on the Decorative Surfaces transaction and any related transaction expenses. The forecast also excludes any ongoing P&L impact from our 49% equity interest in the new entity. Before our year-end earnings release, we will provide you an updated forecast that incorporates all of these impacts from the Decorative Surfaces transaction. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.86 to $0.94, which assumes a total revenue decline of 1% to 4%. This forecast includes only one month of Decorative Surfaces results in the fourth quarter, which reduced our fourth quarter revenue growth by nearly 4% and our fourth quarter EPS range by $0.03. This forecast also assumes continued softness in end markets, particularly internationally. The midpoint of the Q4 diluted EPS range of $0.90 would be flat versus the prior year. For the full year 2012, our forecasted total revenue growth is now between 0% and plus 1%, versus our prior revenue range of plus 1% to plus 3%. Our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is now $4.06 to $4.14. The new EPS midpoint of $4.10 is $0.01 lower than our forecast from July, and is driven by a $0.03 reduction from having only one month of Decorative Surfaces in the fourth quarter and a $0.05 reduction from base businesses and acquisitions. This is partially offset by a $0.03 increase from the Q3 divestiture gains that we've previously discussed. A $0.03 improvement due to stronger currency rates versus July and a $0.01 benefit from higher share repurchases. The EPS midpoint of $4.10 would be 9% higher than 2011, excluding the Q1 2011 tax benefit related to the Australian tax matter. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A. John?
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We will now open the call to your questions [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us a little bit more color on your Industrial Packaging business, what you saw going on throughout the quarter as we progressed into the quarter, both in North America and internationally, it being so coincident with economic activity?
E. Scott Santi: Yes, Ann, this is Scott. I would say that the results were fairly steady throughout the quarter. In North America, running flat to down a couple of hundred basis points throughout the quarter and in Europe, down 3 to 4. But no big trends one way or the other as we move through the quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, we had a nice quarter from stretch packaging in that segment. Overall, they were up 10% and some of that was related to film volume in North America related to food and beverage.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And as you said, silage, I didn't realize you were exposed to silage, so that's the good news, something that I've heard this year.
E. Scott Santi: Yes.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And my follow-up question is just a little bit more color on the restructuring efforts and the spend in the quarter, how things are progressing. Just a little bit more deep dive on all of the transformation programs, please.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, so as we disclosed in our forecast, our overall restructuring spend for the year is expected to be between $100 million and $110 million, which is about $30 million to $40 million higher than kind of a normal run rate that we would have. Year-to-date, we've spent $76 million, so we're looking at about $30 million spend in the fourth quarter which is similar to what it was in the third quarter, and a lot of that incremental spend at both Q3 and Q4 is related to us working through our business simplification initiative and starting to take some actions around the management organization as we move to put the appropriate leaders in place at the divisions and starting to make some changes there. Certainly, more to come as we move through that initiative in 2013, but we're starting to see -- we're starting to take action here, starting to see some of the cost related to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: I wonder if you could give any detail around the price cost benefit that you saw. I don't know whether that's [indiscernible] Resins or whether it's more broad-based than that, start there.
John L. Brooklier: We continue to see a significant price cost benefit in the third quarter. We also had a pickup in the fourth. Overall, it was 80 basis points across the company, but we really saw it in every segment. So it's pretty broad-based. We did see a pickup in Resin towards the end of the quarter, but we think that's going to stabilize and perhaps go down in the fourth quarter. The biggest segments where we had impacts, Polymers and Fluids was positive 130 basis points in price cost; Industrial Packaging, 100; Power Systems, Electronics, 100.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then just generally speaking, the margins in food were really quite good, obviously on -- not so much on revenue. So was that anything in particular in restructuring? Is that your competitive environment getting better? Maybe if you could just sort of comment on the trend line there.
E. Scott Santi: Sure. The primary drivers are really a focus that we've had in that business for the last 18 months, so really around reapplying 80/20 in a fairly aggressive and focused way, and we're starting to see the benefits of that come through. Certainly, some help on the price cost side, but largely looking at the fundamental operating structure and taking some nice actions around 80/20 and as Ron alluded to before on our business structure, simplification initiative as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you guys talk about your ability to continue to outperform in that European transportation market? I mean, it has been pretty impressive over the last few quarters. Maybe talk about the mix in the business and the ability to continue to penetrate and outperform as you have.
John L. Brooklier: Andy, I think it's a function of we always talk about product capability, having the right set of products, new introductions, so on and so forth. But I think more specific to Europe is this whole issue of mix and where we really have strong mix is on the German OEM side, which -- clearly, the best performing part of the European autobuild story. So I'd say we have the right set of customers at this point in time. And I think we're going to continue to -- I think Germany will continue to outperform the rest of Europe as it relates to autobuilds. Having said that, I would expect continued outperformance, but we certainly can't give you the guarantees we've seen over the last 3 quarters. But I think directionally, Europe's on the right path, both from a product development standpoint and from a mix standpoint.
E. Scott Santi: And I would add to that, I think from the standpoint of -- pipeline of new penetration gains, both in Europe and, really around the world in our Auto OEM business, I think we've probably got as good a pipeline going forward there, as we've had in a long time.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great, that's helpful guys. If I focus back on North America, the sustainability of the U.S. growth going forward, I mean it's been obviously quite good versus the rest of your business, but it's been concentrated in Power Systems and Electronics. I mean, I know it's also in Test and Measurement, and if you look at it, Welding has been strong, but some of your OEMs have started to sort of change their production. So -- and I know you've talked about limited visibility in that business, so I'm just trying to figure out, sort of how you guys look at it going forward from here in North America?
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's obviously an environment that's pretty dynamic at the moment. I think one of the things that's been interesting for us throughout the year is the fact that sort of the stronger ends of our -- the stronger components of our overall portfolio from a growth standpoint have been the more capital goods-intense events, which is, again in this environment, probably a little bit counterintuitive, but what it says is that, customer base, the customer base that we have is certainly willing to spend money, invest in new equipment that helps improve their productivity or their performance. So if you look at the Welding business, Test and Measurement, the stronger ends of our sort of overall organic growth from the standpoint of the North American market have really been in these CapEx categories. We certainly can't sit here and -- with any great assurance say that, that will continue, but I think it is indicative of the fact that our customer base are still looking to make investment in new products and new capabilities that help drive better productivity, better performance for them.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Scott, you haven't seen any change in behavior though to date, from those customers.
E. Scott Santi: Not anything meaningful, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia: This is actually Andrew Buscaglia on behalf of Jamie Cook. Yes, so actually I have a quick question on, sorry, just on your orders going through, if you could -- if you guys could track them or just tell us how they've been tracking on a monthly basis, specifically into the month of October.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, we don't -- as you know, we don't give out monthly data anymore. I think what we can tell you, though, is that if you look at the sort of activity levels through the months in the quarter, the third quarter, I don't think on an adjusted basis, there was any real big difference between July, August and September. So once again, we're not seeing any kind of outperformance early and things softening. I think it's more or less a story of the geographies we've talked about. Europe and Asia Pacific continue to be a little weaker, and they have been persistently weaker. North America, U.S.-led, continues to be a number that's reliably in sort of a 3% to 4% growth rate. So I don't think we've seen anything on a month-to-month basis that point to anything changing in any material way.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then sort of along those lines, can you comment on what your visibility is like right now into Q4, and then potentially, maybe into '13?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I think Q4 visibility is what we've baked into the forecast. So we're expecting that overall base revenue growth to be in the plus 0.5% to 0.7% range. North America continued to be solid, maybe a tad weaker in the 3% or 4% range. International, still negative, but a little bit less negative than we've been.
E. Scott Santi: And we generally, what I would add is, and we've said this before, but we generally don't fill big backlogs in terms of the way we execute on our customers' demand. We're typically shipping today what our customers ordered yesterday. So from a standpoint of overall revenue rates, we're seeing, on the ground today, essentially, a very similar flavor to what we saw in the third quarter.
John L. Brooklier: Andrew, one other thing, as it relates to 2013, in New York in December, as we typically do, we'll give you a look at what we think third -- full year '13 will look like from an organic revenue standpoint. But that won't be until the middle of December.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess I'm wondering, sort of a big picture question, granted we're all waiting for December for the details, but I'm wondering as we get past your sort of new plans and consolidation and so forth, is there any reason to think that your priorities for use of cash would change as we move forward?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I think, certainly, we've always been in this position where we have a lot of free cash flow to generate from operations to deploy. On top of that, as we do more divestitures, we'll have some additional cash to utilize. And what we've said on the divestiture cash is, to the extent we have after-tax cash in the U.S., we would use that for share repurchases, to offset earnings dilution and so we've been doing that. We closed on a Finishing Systems deal earlier in the year. We're about to close on this Decorative Surfaces deal. So one of the reasons, if you look at our share repurchases for the year, and our allocation to that, that's higher than it would normally be, because of these noted divestitures. I think going forward, historically, we've returned about 60% of capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. Given that we're bit more focused around strategic acquisitions, we might allocate a bit more to return to shareholders versus acquisitions, say 1/3 to acquisitions and 2/3 to shareholders after considering divestitures.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And then what's the ultimate resolution for the Decorative Surfaces business? I mean, I'm sure you don't want to sort of keep it this way for too long, or maybe you do, what are your comments there?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, yes, this transaction, it may seem a little bit complicated. I mean, it'll certainly, in the P&L, have some puts and takes as we continue to own a share of this. But it's a good transaction for us. It allows us to get $1 billion out of the business right now, which we can redeploy. So what will happen is, it's part of this joint venture, and the joint venture will manage it. And ultimately, to the extent the joint venture ends up selling the business on to somebody else, we will participate in that. So the way I would think about it from an ongoing impact on us, we'll have some amount of P&L, our 49% interest, but that will be pretty minimal. The joint venture will have a lot of additional cost beyond operating income related to interest expense, amortization expense, et cetera. So we'll probably have very little in the way of P&L pickup for our 49%. But ultimately, when this business gets sold on, we will get 49% of the proceeds and 49% of the gain at that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Research.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: One just, qualification, the $0.03 gain from the sale in the quarter, is it reported in other income? That's it.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, it is. It's in other non-operating income.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, I just wanted to make sure of that. Can you talk about seasonality in the fourth quarter? I mean, your comps are a little surprising, because we've had lots of companies report that September's gotten a lot of weaker, so it's good to hear that somebody's, who's -- somebody's getting the business but is there anything seasonally in the fourth quarter that's -- in the operating divisions that's weaker than what we -- than normal on a seasonal basis? Is there anything that's showing any softness and the same thing when we talk about profitability as we go into the fourth quarter, the ability to sustain the third quarter profitability, adjusted, probably to some volume differences?
Ronald D. Kropp: So overall, from a total company perspective, our fourth quarter tends to be our weakest quarter, from a revenue and margin perspective. Yes, part of that is, the month of December, especially now that we've moved off to one-month lag for international, December also falls in the fourth quarter. So it tends to be our weakest revenue quarter, our weakest margin quarter. Most of our businesses aren't overly seasonal beyond the impact of the holidays. Maybe a couple of exceptions, the Construction business is a little bit seasonal, as well as some of our Consumer Packaging businesses that serve the beverage markets. But generally, from a seasonality perspective, we don't have a ton of seasonality beyond the holiday impact.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I guess my question is, is there anything that appears to be any weaker than we would normally expect because of -- adjusted for this?
Ronald D. Kropp: No, no.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Everything else is good. And a follow-up question, can we talk a bit about acquisitions? I guess you only made $52 million, I think is what you said in the quarter. Where is that year-to-date, because you didn't have a chart in here? And where were you hoping to be this year? I mean, how full is the acquisition pipeline at this point? Restructuring permits.
Ronald D. Kropp: So during the quarter, we acquired 5 companies and paid about $69 million for the year. We have 19 acquisitions for about $400 million, paid about $659 million. And so generally, we're seeing a reasonable level of acquisition activity. We're certainly focused on growth platforms in emerging markets, when we look at acquisitions. So we're doing fewer deals, but the average size is bigger. So we feel reasonably good about the acquisition pipeline. It's not great, but it hasn't dried up either, and we're looking at a fair number of deals.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, but you talked something about this year in the 500 to 750 kind of range, so expected something like that.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, yes, we're already at 400, so certainly, a bit more than that in the fourth quarter, although fourth quarter is always a little bit iffy, and things that are expected to close at the end of the year sometimes fall into the next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On the fourth quarter, I apologize if I missed it, what is the base revenue growth assumption?
Ronald D. Kropp: Base is plus 0.5 to plus 0.7.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So to my question, in the fourth quarter, the implied operating margins are essentially flattish year-over-year, so you have base business up, you have 2 of your higher margin businesses' core growth driving the growth, right, Power and All Other. Price cost, I would think would still be positive. So I'm trying to understand why the margins would be roughly flattish, and it would be helping me out would be if you have a share count assumption for the fourth quarter? But if you can square up why the margins wouldn't be improving? I mean, they just went up 140 basis points this quarter, and your base growth assumption for fourth quarter is similar to the third quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. So overall, we're looking at margins to be up a tad, 10 to 20 basis points, and the base part of that is about 30 to 40. So that does include continued favorably priced cost of 60 to 80 basis points, so not quite as strong as third quarter, but still pretty favorable. We do have some headwinds on the corporate side, so we had some corporate gains last year, for reserves and cash for undervalue life insurance and those kinds of things. So that's going to be a drag of about 40 basis points. The other thing that's up year-on-year, and I talked about it earlier, is restructuring, so that will cost us 40 basis points or so as well.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it basically comes down to leverage, say the price cost is negated roughly, slightly more than negated by corporate expense and restructuring. It basically comes down to operating leverage on that core business growth.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, yes.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. I have one quick one, sorry. 2013 for dec surfaces, for trying to model it. You're saying the net P&L impact for your 49% stake is neutral, but just for pure modeling, I mean, you're going to show other income showing the JV, some 49%, but then there's cost above the EBIT line? I get -- I'm just trying to see how to model it.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I said earlier, it will be -- continue to be included in continuing operations, because we retain a 49% interest. So what we will show, going forward is first of all, we will have a gain in the fourth quarter that will be considered non-operating. And on an ongoing basis, we will have 49% of the income, but as I said, the income should be fairly minimal. So using a flat expectation over the long-term is probably appropriate. There may be some one-time amortization charges in the fourth quarter that could make that negative, but over time, it should be basically flat. That will also be reported outside of operating income. But it's still included in continuing apps.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So the cost related to it, plus the income related to it will all be below the…
Ronald D. Kropp: It'll be netted into one line, so we will not show revenues, operating income margins, et cetera, and it will no longer be a separate segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you walk through some of the key factors that would take you to the high end versus the low end of the sales forecast for the fourth quarter?
E. Scott Santi: Well, certainly, if the economic environment gets better, that will help our base earnings, and we'll get a lot of leverage from that. Yes, we don't think that's -- this could get substantially better, but there could be a lot of upticks, potentially in Asia Pacific and China. Right now, we have that continuing to be negative, but that can move fairly quickly quarter-to-quarter. On the cost side, certainly we could do better on the margin. We may be able to get better price cost in the higher end of that range. We're continuing to see overhead benefits, and we've got a lot of that built in, but sometimes, we can outperform that. From a business perspective, we've seen strong performance in certain segments, and we're modeling some of that to come down, but that could continue to be favorable on the upside, in things like Welding and on Automotive.
Ronald D. Kropp: But, Henry, if you think of our forecast, I think if you look at the last couple of quarters, I think our forecast really underlies the notion it's more of the same. You have North America, a little bit better; Europe, Asia Pacific, a little negative. So I -- we're not seeing anything right now that gives us a high degree of confidence that those trends are going to change per those geographies.
John L. Brooklier: In either direction.
Ronald D. Kropp: In either direction, right.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess as a follow-up, could you talk about, with all the headlines on the elections and the fiscal cliff, are any of your North American customers playing wait-and-see until they get behind us, before coming back and ordering again?
Ronald D. Kropp: I don't -- I mean, I don't think so. I mean, Scott, your observation?
E. Scott Santi: I would say the same. We're not seeing any evidence of that.
Ronald D. Kropp: I think to Scott's earlier point, Henry, think about the amount of activity around our CapEx-related businesses. Again, seems counterintuitive, it seems like something that wouldn't happen if people were worried about these type of issues, and we're not seeing that. I think businesses really do what's in their best interest over a shorter period of time and they tend to get less worried about policy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with Citi.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the Test and Measurement side, that was a standout performer in the quarter. If I got it correctly, 12% organic, but you also called out there was an impact from 1 particular customer, big shipment. So was that in the number? And can you size us -- that for us please?
E. Scott Santi: I think the big shipment was related to the Electronics sector, not Test and Measurement.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that was a pure 12% core?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, I think it was really more representative of what we saw in the various geographies. Although we did pick up some business from -- a little bit of business from a key customer in Test and Measurement, but to Scott's point, it had -- there was a bigger variation or a bigger contributor coming on the Electronic side from us from a key customer.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then, just within the business mix within Test and Measurement, obviously, this is more on the industrial side, it's CapEx sensitive, but if you just gave us a quick 80/20 of what are the key drivers there in terms of the products, is it all Instron? And are there any particular end markets that are seeing that type of growth?
John L. Brooklier: Well, I think Instron continues to be the flagship business of Test and Measurement. I think the drivers of growth, again are related to sort of to your point, on CapEx needs, and I think that the global trend, if you asked our Test and Measurement people, the thing they point to all the time is sort of standardization around the globe, and whether it's in China, whether it's U.S., whether it's Europe, people are looking at standardization, and it requires our form of technology, as it relates to our Test and Measurement equipment, both equipment and the software that goes with it. So we like this whole notion of standardization, globalization. We think it'll be the long-term good trend for the Test and Measurement category.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How meaningful might Test and Measurement be in your potential acquisition candidates?
E. Scott Santi: Well, very meaningful. I mean, over the last 5 or 6 years, we really started this segment from scratch with the acquisition of Instron in 2005, and that continues to be a key focus of our acquisition targeting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal with FBR Capital Markets.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Scott, I know you said you're going to provide more details on the long-term initiatives, December 14, but maybe a clarification on the slide deck here, where you're saying you have the strategic leaders on place for the GM roles. So do you have all the GMs identified? Are they -- do they have their teams in place? Any color there would be helpful.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think largely we have the leaders in place. What we're really talking about is building bigger scale into our divisional structure, so the sort of before-and-after on that is moving from roughly 600-plus operating divisions down to a number around 150 to 175 or so when we're done. The planning around that is -- has been done, it's been ongoing throughout this year. I'd say we're largely through the -- sort of define the game plan, we're in the sort of early stages of the execution around that, starting with the leadership questions related to those 150-plus divisions and I would [indiscernible], I can't tell you that 100% of those are done, but I -- the number's probably well north of 90%.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And then on the EPS walk, Slide 13, 2 items on -- dec surfaces, that $0.03, is that inclusive of the offset from share buyback that you've been doing? And then on acquisitions, the $0.02, is that just from acquisitions that you've done last quarter? Is that all one time? Does it go away?
Ronald D. Kropp: So the $0.03 for dec surfaces is simply the operating results related to dec surfaces. We've also included a $0.01 benefit from higher share repurchases. That's really related to the use of proceeds from the dec surfaces transaction. So from a net perspective, that's about -- that's a $0.02 decline if you netted the shares in there. The acquisition number, is really 2 components of that. One, that's a function of the cash distribution from the acquisitions we've already completed. In the early part of the year, we had a couple of larger ones that, as things have weakened, especially internationally, the results have come down a little bit. Secondly, we had included some amount of acquisitions in the forecast, that we expected to complete and some of that's gotten pushed off. So we've taken the number down a little bit there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to ask about restructuring. Now some other companies, given the environment, have sort of taken the opportunity to up their restructuring spend. You guys have outperformed in terms of your results versus them. But I'm just curious, is there a reason why, perhaps you didn't opportunistically try to dial in a little bit more restructuring just as a hedge, given the macro and could you just as a follow-up to that, could you just talk about the mix in your restructuring spend that maybe is focused on Europe, and then focused on some of the simplification initiatives?
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I talked about earlier, our restructuring spend for the year is already above what we would normally spend. So certainly part of that is, what I talked about earlier, business simplification. And part of that is Europe and other places where things are weak, and really as we work through this business simplification exercise, it's all related. As we look at simplifying the European business, we're also factoring in what we think the results are. So it's hard to split up exactly what would be business simplification versus economic related, but we certainly have increased the overall spend accordingly, and really set it at the beginning of the year.
E. Scott Santi: And all I would add to that is the business simplification initiatives, certainly they're the kind of head-start we've had, given that initiative and its sort of central point in the company's operating approach over last year's is, in a lot of ways, sort of prepared us for this environment, and so it's really about implementing that plan and executing to that plan. Not a lot of deltas around -- we knew going into this year it was not going to be a great environment, economically anyway, so from a standpoint of incremental and restructuring, we just don't see the need at this point, but there's plenty of that activity going on, and has been, throughout the year.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That was [indiscernible] to my question. The question was why didn't you, was there some obvious reasons why you didn't take -- I realize the simplification in the added year-over-year. I'm talking about sort of what you saw in the third quarter. Your plans are in line, I'm just saying other companies are taking up their restructuring. You were just saying that you had set it at an appropriate level, but…
Ronald D. Kropp: And ours was pretty higher.
John L. Brooklier: Yes, John, remember, we increased our restructuring spend last quarter by $15 million to $20 million. So I think there, that -- I think that was a realization, that there was more to come as the year progressed.
E. Scott Santi: The other thing I'd point out, and as I said earlier, as we continue to work through business simplification, we'll have a higher spend than normal next year as well, and certainly, some of that will be related to places where the top line's challenged.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You mean higher versus trajectory? You don't mean higher versus this year, right?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I'm not going to quantify exactly, but certainly higher than our normal level of spend.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's fine, so it's probably close to this year. What kind of a payback do you guys expect on this restructuring? At least help, some sort of cushioning tailwinds into next year.
Ronald D. Kropp: I mean typically, overall, across the company, we get about a one-to-one payback in North America. It's lower than that and in places like Europe, it's higher. Because it's higher, more expensive, but overall, on average, it's about one-to-one.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can I just ask as a final point here? The process of simplification, you guys, I realize, have been collecting an awful lot of data that will go into the framework. Where are you in that process? Meaning, are you still waiting for, say, a bunch of little projects to be completed to give you information that's coming through in November or something to then in turn provide the output framework for how you're thinking about future cost savings? Or is a lot of that kind of -- is a lot of that sort of in place and really then you're just sort of dotting Is and crossing Ts in terms of, sort of how this is actually going to progress in the time frame? And maybe just, so I'm not asking for the numbers, I'm asking more for just the process and kind of your confidence as you've sort of gone through this process.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. What I would say is, we are well through the planning process and are in the active execution mode.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And you're feeling good?
E. Scott Santi: Yes.
John L. Brooklier: Don't we sound like we feel good? All right, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess a few questions to wrap it up. First, if you can give any quantification on the estimated tax impact for the $1.05 billion divestiture cash proceeds.
Ronald D. Kropp: I can't give that at this point. You can assume our typical effective tax rate on that, maybe a little bit higher, because it's more North American-based, so say between 30% and 35% from an effective tax rate perspective.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, thanks. And then on the business trends that you're seeing, particularly Signode North America, I think it grew year-over-year in the first half and then in this quarter, if I heard right, you called out a decline year-over-year. First, is that right? And then second, if it is, can you please remind me when that business last flipped to a decline from growth?
Ronald D. Kropp: It was -- North America, if you're talking about Signode specifically, the number was minus 2 to minus 3 in the quarter, and this would have been the first quarter where we saw negative activity.
E. Scott Santi: We're also down 1 shipping day in the quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: And right, we all -- we did lose a shipping day in the quarter. So I'd say on a real-time basis, the business has probably slowed a little bit, but probably not as much as that number.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, thanks. And then lastly, across your businesses, are you seeing any evidence of inventory destocking? And if so, could you point out where?
E. Scott Santi: I would say not. I think generally, customers have been pretty tight in that regard all year, in terms of overall cautious posture, but I don't think we're seeing anything significant in terms of change around that of late.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, everybody. We appreciate you joining us today on our conference call, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That does conclude the call at this time. All participants may disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Henry Kim Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to John Brooklier. You may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Kathy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2012 conference call. As is our normal practice, our CEO, David Speer; and CFO, Ron Kropp, have joined me to discuss our Q2 financial results, as well as update us on our longer-term strategic initiatives. Here's a quick agenda for today's call. David will shortly provide a brief update on our ongoing long-term initiatives, as well as second quarter highlights and commentary on our second half forecast. Ron will cover our Q2 financial results in more detail. I will then talk about our Q2 geographic performance and segment results. Ron will then come back and provide a detailed update on our Q3 and full year forecast. Finally, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] As normal, we have scheduled 1 hour for today's call. This presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2012 third quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 10-K for 2011 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. Moving to next slide. Let me remind everybody that our telephone replay for this conference call is (888) 566-0396. The playback number will be available through midnight of August 7. Now let me turn the call over to David, who has some brief introductory comments. David?
David B. Speer: Thank you, John. Before I comment on our strong second quarter results, let me update you on our 3 long-term initiatives that we introduced to you all last quarter. To remind you, our 3 key areas of focus going forward are: business structure simplification, strategic sourcing and portfolio management. We continue to make good progress in all 3 categories. For business simplification, we've been actively developing and communicating our plans to key internal and external constituents. Internally, a host of our businesses have reviewed and are in the midst of announcing organizational changes to support our larger revenue base businesses, consolidated organizational structure where appropriate and focused on similar customers and end markets, while maintaining the intimate customer market interfaces critical to our innovation initiatives and business agility. In strategic sourcing, we have made key decisions regarding the sourcing approach in organization, as well as identified the first and second phase of direct and indirect sourcing activities. As to portfolio management, part of our strategic planning process is the identification of noncore businesses that no longer fit our long-range plans, a number of which could likely be divested in the future, as we have done been recently with the finishing businesses and 2 consumer packaging businesses. We will continue to develop and implement these plans as we move forward. As promised, we intend to provide some enterprise-wide data by December that will begin to quantify the financial impact of these initiatives over the next several years. Now let's move to our second quarter results. We were very pleased with our strong second quarter operating performance despite end markets slowing in a variety of international end markets and the significant currency headwinds we faced in the quarter. Thanks our differentiated 80/20 operational focus, our business has produced very strong operating margin improvement in the second quarter due to excellent management of input and overhead costs. We also continued to return significant levels of cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase program, as well as our strong dividend payout. Looking ahead to the second half, 2012. We lowered our EPS forecast range, given the ongoing negative impact of currency translation and the expected continuing sluggish demand in the international end markets, as well as additional restructuring expenditures that will now total over $100 million for the year. Ron will cover our forecast in more detail later in the call. Now let me hand it over to Ron, who will talk about the strong second quarter performance. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the second quarter. Revenues increased 0.9% due to higher base and acquisition revenues, offset by the unfavorable impact from currency. Operating income was $770 million, which was higher than last year by $59 million, representing income growth of 8%. Operating margins of 16.5% were 110 basis points higher compared to last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $1.11, which was close to the midpoint of our range. Finally, free operating cash flow was $409 million for the quarter. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 0.9% revenue increase was primarily due to the following factors. Base revenues were up 2.3%, with North American base revenues increasing 5.3% and mixed international base revenues that overall were down slightly year-over-year. John will discuss the geographic mix in more detail later in the call. Acquisitions net of divestitures added 3% to revenue growth, and currency translation decreased revenues by 4.5%, largely due to a weaker euro. Operating margins for the first quarter of 16.5% were 110 basis points higher than Q2 2011. Base margins increased 150 basis points with higher sales volume contributing 60 basis points. The positive impact of non-volume items increased base margins by 90 basis points versus last year, primarily due to 60 basis points of price cost favorability. In addition, margins were lower by 40 basis points due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. The net operating margins from acquisitions, excluding amortization and other acquisition accounting, were 14.4% for the quarter. Overall, despite uneven market demand, we had a strong second quarter earnings performance, reflecting our decentralized operating model, which allowed us to react quickly to market conditions, as well as our established 80/20 operating discipline. Looking at working capital and cash flow. Accounts receivable DSO of 61 days was lower than last year and inventory months on hand declined to 1.8 months. ROIC for the second quarter was 16.3%, which was 70 basis points higher than Q2 of last year. Our ROIC continues to run at our 15% to 17% target range, which is significantly above our cost of capital. The second quarter cash provided from operating activities was $509 million with capital expenditures of $100 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of $409 million, which was $184 million better than Q2 of the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, we have generated $648 million in free operating cash flow, and we expect to generate close to $2 billion in free operating cash flow for full year 2012. Turning to capital structure. Our capital allocation priorities continue to be as follows. Our first priority is organic investments, especially related to our key growth platforms and emerging markets. Examples of organic investments include R&D spending for new product innovation, additional investments in manufacturing capacity and restructuring projects which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $172 million, and our current dividend yield is almost 3%. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividends are used for external investments, either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate allocation between these external investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns. During Q2, we continued our robust share buyback activity with $526 million in repurchases, which brings us to $1 billion in share repurchases through first half of 2012. As of the end of Q2, we have approximately $2.9 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our buyback program. In the first half of 2012, we returned over $1.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In addition, during the quarter, we utilized $106 million for acquisitions, over 80% of which continues to focus on our growth platforms and emerging markets. Our debt levels increased $141 million during the quarter, with our debt-to-capital ratio at 33% and our debt-to-EBITDA remaining at 1.4x. Our cash balance overseas is $1.7 billion, and we have plenty of debt capacity to make additional investments. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on the operating results.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Before I get to the actual segment results, let me take just a moment to review our Q2 geographic trends. Our total revenue growth excluding currency impact was 5% in Q2, with organic revenues growing approximately 2% versus the year-ago period. And our Q2 results were similar geographically to Q1. North America businesses delivered relatively strong performance in Q2, producing organic revenue growth of 5%. Overall, international organic revenues were down modestly in the quarter. Europe's organic revenues declined roughly 2% and Asia Pacific's organic revenue growth of 2%, while it grew 2%, it still lagged our expectations. And that's mainly due to China's flat organic revenue performance in Q2. Moving to South America, organic revenue declined 4%, and that was largely driven by softness in the Brazilian economy. Now let's move to our segment results. And as previously noted, total company organic revenues increased roughly 2% in the quarter. The biggest organic growth contributors were produced by our Power Systems and Electronics, Transportation and businesses in our All Other segment. Nearly all of our segments contributed to operating margin improvement of the 110 basis points Ron talked about earlier. And notably, we saw the most operating margin improvements in our Food Equipment, Decorative Surfaces and Industrial Packaging segments. Now move to the next slide. And let's do a -- let's drill down deeper into our segments. Please remember that our Transportation segment largely consists of our auto OEM businesses, with smaller revenue contributions from our auto aftermarket and truck remanufacturing businesses. Total segment revenue -- organic revenues grew 3.4% in the quarter versus the year-ago period. In our flagship auto OEM business, again, that was a key contributor to organic growth, with worldwide organic revenues increasing 6%. Notably, our North American organic revenues increased 8% and Asia Pacific grew 24%, thanks to our growing presence with Chinese auto OEMs. Our most notable example of strong product penetration was in Europe, where organic revenues grew 1% even as auto builds declined 7% in Q2 on a year-over-year basis. Moving to auto aftermarket, organic revenues fell 2% as consumer spending slowed in Europe and China, which resulted in negative organic revenue performance in those areas. In North America, the auto aftermarket business produced modest organic revenue growth as discretionary consumer spending continued to be soft. And finally, in our truck remanufacturing business, organic revenues grew 4%, largely due to strong energy development activity in Canada and Western United States and the need for our retrofitted specialty trucks. In our Power Systems and Electronics segment, we continue to see very strong demand from our welding customers, while our electronics businesses saw real improvement in the equipment and assembly side of the business. Total segment organic revenues increased 5.2% versus the year-ago period. In welding, our worldwide organic revenues grew 9%, with North America organic revenues increasing 11% and international organic revenues growing 2%. While our Q2 organic numbers were down from our -- what I'll call our red-hot and unsustainable Q1 performance levels, they still represent very solid growth metrics. We continue to see relatively strong demand from global equipment manufacturers who serve end markets such as oil and gas, mining and agriculture. In electronics, the story was one of improvement, as noted earlier. Worldwide organic revenues for electronics increased 2% in the quarter, with electronics equipment assembly growing 14% due to strong order rates from key electronics customers. Organic revenues for our other component businesses, what we'll call all other in the electronics piece, declined 5% as consumer demand for basic cell phones and computers was weaker. Let's move to our Industrial Packaging segment. Our businesses once again essentially reflected industrial production trends in the major geographies. Our North American performance was stronger and the rest of the world was weaker. Segment organic revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. In aggregate, our total North American Industrial Packaging organic revenues grew 4%, while our total international Industrial Packaging organic revenues declined 2%. In our bellwether Signode steel and plastic strap and equipment businesses that provide end-of-the-line packaging for finished goods, worldwide organic revenues declined 1% in Q2. And by geography, international organic revenues declined 4%, while North American organic revenues grew 3%. And finally, in our stretch packaging business, trends were better. Worldwide organic revenues grew 3% in Q2 largely based on better equipment sales. Moving to Food Equipment. It was once again a tale of 2 geographies, with North America outperforming the international businesses. Segment organic revenues increased a little bit over 1% in the quarter. In North America, organic revenues were up 3%, with equipment sales increasing at a similar level. Equipment sales benefited from an uptick in demand for cooking and slicing products to private sector accounts, including casual dining restaurants and supermarkets. Institutional accounts, such as government, schools and hospitals, continue to be constrained by limited budgets. On the service side, organic revenues grew 2% as the service organization continued to focus on key customers. Internationally, total organic revenues were flat in Q2 as strength in sales to Asian-based customers in Japan, China and Thailand was offset by the weakness in France and Italy. In particular, businesses associated with cooking products for both institutional and government-related customers remained weak in the quarter. Moving to our Construction segment, the decline in demand in Europe and Asia Pacific was enough to offset the better end-market metrics associated with the North American recovery in the residential and renovation construction categories. As a result, segment organic revenues declined about 0.5% in the quarter. Internationally, organic revenues declined 4% in the quarter as Europe and Asia Pacific organic revenues fell 6% and 1%, respectively. In Europe, which was the hardest hit, Construction end markets were hit by a lack of spending by both private and public sector customers, especially in the commercial construction category. For example, accordingly to EUROCONSTRUCT, commercial starts declined 23% in Q2. In Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand experienced modest improvement in the residential construction category compared to prior quarters. Now the better news was in North America, as organic revenues increased 8% as the residential, commercial and renovation categories were all positive in the quarter. Residential construction organic revenues grew 13%, while both commercial and renovation construction organic revenues increased 5%. For residential construction, we continue to be more optimistic about additional recovery in housing starts in 2013 and beyond, based on the most recent NAHB housing start numbers of 760,000 units. Moving to our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues were essentially flat as North America produced positive organic revenue growth, while internationally, our European, Asia Pacific and Latin American businesses all experienced and had to deal with slowing end-market demand. In our polymers and hygiene category, organic revenues were flat in the quarter. And that's due to positive organic revenues resulting from China transportation and appliance market, as well as the North American military industrial, and MRO markets were offset by slowing market activity in Europe and Brazil. In our fluids category, organic revenues declined roughly 1%. And this again was due to Europe offsetting revenue gains from our businesses in North America, Russia and India. In our Decorative Surfaces segment, we generated very strong organic revenue performance from businesses in a variety of geographies. Segment organic revenues grew approximately 5% in the quarter. In North America, our Wilsonart high-pressure laminate business produced very solid organic revenue growth of 6% due to ongoing product innovations largely targeted to commercial construction-related customers. Notably, Wilsonart continues to be an industry leader through its premium, high-definition, higher-price-point product that simulates natural stone. And internationally, our Decorative Surfaces businesses generated organic revenue growth of 4%. In Europe, both our U.K. and French business contributed to organic growth. And in Asia Pacific, China grew organic revenues mid-single-digits. So all in all, very good performance by the segment. Finally, in our All Other segment, we had positive organic revenue growth contributions from both our test and measurement, as well as our appliance, businesses. Segment organic revenues grew 2.6% in the quarter. As noted, test and measurement organic revenues grew a strong 8% in Q2 due to still reasonable CapEx spending for structural testing equipment in North America, Europe and China. Instron's ElectroPuls environmentally-friendly equipment continued to have strong market acceptance in the quarter. In the appliance category, organic revenues grew 3% mainly due to key energy efficiency programs with major North American customers, such as Whirlpool. The only downside on the major categories in this segment was in consumer packaging, where organic revenues declined 1%. And that was largely due to ongoing softness from key multipack beverage customers in North America and Europe. Our decorating businesses produced strong organic revenue growth in Q2. So this concludes my remarks on the segments. And I'll now turn the call over to Ron, who'll talk about the 2012 forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. The third quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share and continuing operations to be within the range of $1.03 to $1.11. This range assumes total revenue growth of negative 1% to plus 1%, largely related to currency, as well as softening international end-market conditions. The midpoint of Q2 diluted EPS range would represent a growth of 7% versus last year. For the full year 2012, our forecasted total revenue growth is now between 1% to 3%, which is lower than our April forecasted midpoint by 400 basis points. Our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is now $4.03 to $4.19. The EPS midpoint of $4.11 would be 10% higher than 2011, excluding the Q1 2011 tax benefit related to the Australian tax matter. This EPS benefit is $0.15 lower than our forecast from April and is driven by an $0.08 reduction from lower base business revenues, largely due to slower international end-market demand, as well as a 7% impact due to expected declines from weaker foreign currencies. An increase in expected restructuring costs took away $0.02 but was more than offset by a $0.04 benefit from year-to-date and forecasted share repurchases. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wonder if you could comment, please, on the acquisition pipeline, given what's going on in the global economy here. Is it sort of less likely that we're going to get things over the goal line over the next few quarters and whatever other commentary you might have in that regard?
David B. Speer: Well, Steve, I think I would characterize the acquisition activity, as -- from our standpoint, entering the year, we viewed this as a year that we're going to be challenged from a valuation metric standpoint. And that certainly has been the case. Those properties that are out there that we're interested in have had fairly high expectations in terms of valuation. That hasn't stopped us from continuing our work in those categories. But I would say, the way I would describe the acquisition environment for us right now is it's modest. We have included through Q2, I believe, about $500 million in acquired revenues and don't expect the second half to be significantly more boisterous, if you will, than what we've seen because I think valuations are the primary concern. In terms of getting things done, I think the early -- any of those that have significant European or Asia Pacific concentration require a fair amount of due diligence at the moment to really determine their go-forward positions in those geographies, and obviously, factoring in the weakness that those geographies have seen this year. But I don't think it will have a major impact on us closing deals that we have agreed upon. But I do think the market environment for us will remain challenging from a valuation metric standpoint. And that's probably our primary issue, rather than being able to look at specific geographic concerns.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will add that we are targeting our strategic growth areas for acquisitions. As an example, we talked about last quarter, we acquired in the first quarter Brooks Instrument in our test and measurement segment, which is $200-million-plus in acquired revenues.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. But, David, just to clarify, do you think you can get to anything like $500 million done in the second half? That sounds like a stretch to me.
David B. Speer: Oh, no, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that, no. No, I wouldn't be able to predict the second half number at the moment. I mean, just looking at the pipeline, there's a lot of what ifs in that pipeline that are not fully qualified at the moment. So no, I would not suggest we could do $500 million in the second half. I mean, it's not impossible, but certainly not what I would call likely at the moment based on what we see in the pipeline.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's what I thought. And then just on the other side of this, as a follow-up quickly, I mean, the dec surfaces business has been for sale at some point. Other people think maybe it's on the shortlist now. But, boy, a strong performance from that business. And I'm wondering if that sort of changed your view of how that fits into the portfolio.
David B. Speer: From a strategic standpoint, we've maintained our position on dec surfaces since 2008, when we had made the decision then that we didn't think long-term it would fit our portfolio in terms of long-term growth opportunities. But I would tell you that they have performed very well in terms of operating characteristics along the way. They did better during the 2008, 2009 downturn than most businesses and they clearly are doing quite well this year. But strategically, it hasn't changed my view of the long-term fit of that business in our portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMC.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us a little bit more color on the restructuring charges, on the $100 million? To the best of your ability at this point, where might that spend be most used? Is it on the strategic sourcing? Is it in one particular business? Just a little bit of color on where that money is going be spent.
David B. Speer: Well, I'll give you high-level flavor, and then Ron may have more detail to add. But I would say that the bulk of this is based on additional restructuring based on the weakness we've seen more internationally and more European as a result. There is some of that, that is based on a view of our business simplification, but not a lot. Most of it so far is based on reacting to the slower market conditions internationally, particularly in Europe. So it's obviously a step-up and a way of us getting ahead of what we think are some continuing weakening conditions that we want to be able to address. And, Ann, as you know, the ability to do that in some of the international markets has much more -- much longer impact to get the result, particularly in Europe. So we've tried to stay on top of these things and push them forward as we look at the weakness or the underlying performance in some of these market segments. But I would say that using that wonderful 80/20 term we like to use, 80% of this is focused on existing businesses and maybe 20% is focused on the combination of looking at what structural changes we're looking at making, along with some of the strategic sourcing initiatives.
Ronald D. Kropp: The segments that have a bigger restructuring spend this year in the first half of the year has been Construction, especially in Europe. In the second half of the year, the Polymers and Fluids segment will have a bigger restructuring spend. You mentioned strategic sourcing. That -- any costs, additional costs or investments there to do the sourcing initiatives is not part of restructuring. That would just be additional headcount or consulting costs, et cetera.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's great color. And actually, that leads me to my follow-up question, which I think, David, you probably just answered. And that is, given how well the Construction business has held up in Europe despite the starts that you talked about, and the Industrial Packaging business, are you seeing further weakness in those businesses as we speak? Is that what's led to the restructuring? And should we anticipate an accelerated decline in those businesses in the back half?
David B. Speer: No. I think as I tried to point out, it takes longer to initiate these. So there's a lot more planning that goes into the implementation of those. So many of these restructuring projects have been in the planning stages for several quarters and are just at the front end of implementation. So it's really a question of trying to stay on top of what we see as longer-term trends there. So I think we've done a good job of managing the cost portfolio there. But at some point, when you look at the market conditions and you project forward, you begin to get into the tougher, longer-term issues that restructuring brings, which is a lot of headcount, and some cases, facilities. So those take longer to implement. So it's more a question of timing, I would say, Ann, than any difference of view of how we see those markets at the moment. I do expect European construction, as John pointed out in his comments, that it's going to remain a tough environment for some time. A lot of it is based on government spending. And as we know, what's going on in Europe, there's a lot of rationalization of where the government is going to spend their money. And I think Construction will continue to have a cloud over in Europe for some time until it becomes more clear.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a general question on sentiment as you continue to work through the process of identifying where you can streamline, cost save, et cetera. How are your managers dealing with it? Have you had any employee turnover start ahead of it? And I mean, your margins are pretty good. I don't know whether this is getting people to be more engaged. So if you could just comment, David, on how the organization is adapting to the process.
David B. Speer: Sure. Well, let me separate that into 2 pieces, and I'll actually answer your second piece first. I think the margin performance is really not due to any advance move, if you will, on some of that. I think the margin performance -- as we recognized going into the year, this is going to be a challenging environment, and as we didn't see the kind of revenue growth that we'd expected, that we were going to have some ability to react. And so we put in place, I think, some strong cost control programs at the beginning of the year and we also counted on some significant improvement in our price cost, which we have been chasing, as you may recall, Rob, for a couple of years. And we were able to achieve that as well. So the strong operating margins, I think, are a result of the detailed planning controls that we put in place at the end of the year, which allowed us in the quarter to get a 16.5% return and some great incrementals as we experienced much weaker revenue performance than we thought, headwinds in currency and so forth. So that was independent of any of the work we've done in business simplification. I would say in the business simplification area, anytime you talk about consolidation, you talk about a change in structure, you get people concerned. At this stage, we really have not lost any significant number of people. And I think people have embraced the fact that this starts with looking at the strategic approach and looking at how we streamline our structure to be reflective of where we see our growth opportunities. And we're doing this in a rational fashion, and the operating managers are heavily participating in every step of this along the way. So we're not dictating from the corporate office that these 5 units should be combined into 1. These are the operating people. They're looking at what makes sense given the new economic environment, given the global nature of a number of our end markets and customers, and let's march through this in a logical fashion. And we're not going to make wholesale decisions that would impact their ability to serve their customers and markets. So I think given the level of change, which always brings with it some level of angst, we've done a good job of managing that and involving our key managers. And so I would say that as we approach the end of the year, we'll be in a better position to quantify some of what that will mean and we'll be able to give some examples. And you'll see, I think, the levels of involvement and participation will help us ultimately come up with the right solution and with the right metrics that we can maintain going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. One, in terms of price cost, you called out what it was in the quarter. I just want to get a sense of the benefit that you're assuming in the back half of the year and whether you're seeing any pricing pressure from your customers. And then my second question, just to follow-up on, I guess, M&A and divestitures. One, do you anticipate -- if the macro continues to decline and valuations come in, as we look out to 2013, I mean, is there a chance that you shift your focus more towards trying to do some bigger deals to take advantage of the market? And then I guess, my other question is, I guess, I'd be concerned how easy it will be to get divestitures done in this market, given the performance of your businesses and just prices people are willing to pay.
David B. Speer: I'll let Ron talk to price cost, and then I'll come back and talk a little bit about acquisition and divestitures.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I said earlier, we had a pickup in margins of 60 basis points from price cost. That was better than the first quarter, which was 40. And really, that was driven mostly by raw material cost going down as opposed to prices going up. We've still been able to hold on to price increases that we put in place towards the end of last year in response to cost increases in most of our segments. But costs have come down significantly, especially in the resin area, which has been bouncing all around during the year. For instance, recycled PET was down 37% in the quarter, but it was up 48% last quarter. Steel was also down but to less of an extreme. So we see raw material cost continue to go down a little bit as we move through the rest of the year. So we'll continue to see a benefit, price/cost, probably a little bit higher in the third quarter than it was this quarter, but about 60 basis points for the whole year if things hold where we expect.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And that's versus the 30 to 40 you were expecting before, right, I think.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, yes.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Sorry. And then sorry, David, on the acquisitions and divestitures?
David B. Speer: Yes. Let me comment on acquisitions first. As I commented earlier, I think the environment has been one where valuations, frankly, in the first half of the year have been more challenging than I would've thought, given the market conditions. So I don't see that really changing. We have a number of nice target opportunities that we think fit strategically. The question will be, do they fit with us from a valuation standpoint? It's too early to answer some of that, but...
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But if you did see the valuations more compelling, would you be more aggressive again on the M&A front?
David B. Speer: Absolutely. Absolutely. In fact, there are several assets that we're looking at that, given the right circumstances, we will clearly be more aggressive. No question.
Ronald D. Kropp: Especially in those areas that we've identified as strategic growth areas or emerging markets.
David B. Speer: Yes. So I -- it's hard to predict, as you know, acquisition activity because these are competitive processes. They involve buyers whose expectations change during the process. So part of our caution in not putting numbers out as we may have in the past is that the environment has changed a lot. It's hard to predict. Our hit rate in our pipeline used to be 60% to 70%. And for the last 2 years, it's been well under 50%, so hard to predict. It could be in the pipeline, but for me to be able to predict whether we can actually close it is a lot more difficult than it used be.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But are you -- on the divestiture front, are you concerned you're not going to get the price, I mean, that you should given the performance of your businesses in this type of market?
David B. Speer: No. I'm not concerned at all because we aren't going to sell if we don't get the right price. Because most of these are businesses that make good margins and make contributions the company, so there's no point in rushing to a sale. These are not fire sales. So if the metrics work properly for us in terms of what we think are reasonable prices, then we'll transact. If they don't, we won't. And we've walked away from proposals in the past we've had on assets that have been held for sale that we haven't transacted. And some of them have come back, one of them being a consumer packaging business that we sold earlier in the second quarter. So if the price isn't right, there's no reason for us to transact. I mean, that's part of our evaluation process, is really, what are the minimum price that we should be targeting? And what, given the market conditions, is the ideal price? And we generally end up somewhere in between those 2, but rarely would we be in a fire sale situation, where we have to transact. As you know, from our balance sheet, we've got strong operating cash flow. We don't need the cash at any particular moment in time as a result of divesting something, so we could be patient.
Ronald D. Kropp: And we've seen it's a pretty reasonable market for divestitures. Strategics are still looking for acquisitions and private equity has a lot of capital that they're looking to put to work as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you talk about the visibility you have into your welding business? It's obviously been the highlight of your global business, I think, for the last couple of quarters. What are the major OEMs telling you? Sometimes we get questions about how long can construction and ag, with the drought, hold up, and mining. What are you guys seeing?
David B. Speer: Well, we don't have lots of visibility. Our typical visibility is for the order book that we get from those types of customers, which is not a lengthy order book. On the equipment side, our order book runs in the 2- to 4-week category, not 3 or 4 months, so we don't have great forward visibility. The consumable side is probably even a little bit less than that, so I can't say we've got great visibility. But when we talk to those customers, particularly in the mining category, oil and gas, and even the ag category, we continue to get reasonable forecasts in terms of forward demand. And as I think Ron pointed out or John in his comments earlier, we had a barn burning first quarter. We had a very good second quarter but not nearly as good as the first quarter. And we could not have predicted either one of those in advance of what we actually achieved because the increase in demand from our customers occurred during the quarter, not before. So we're well positioned with those customers, but I can't say we've got any particularly good forward visibility.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I would just add, Andy, that if you remember, to David's point, that first quarter, our organic revenue for welding was in the high-teens. This quarter, it was more like 9%. But I think we're looking on a go-forward basis at numbers that are high single-digits as opposed to something that's double-digit.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful, John. Just looking at global construction, there's obviously a lot of moving pieces here. I mean, we understand the European weakness. It was interesting, your comments on Asia maybe getting a little bit better. You've talked about Australia in the past. I guess, my question is, how much can U.S. residential improvement help offset European weakness? And how do we look at this? I know it's a balanced business. So how do we look at the balancing act that's going on here between improvement in North America, maybe Australia stabilizing and Europe getting a little bit weaker? How do you look at it?
David B. Speer: Well, first of all, let's look at the statistics. We've been on a 5-year dramatic decline in North America, to the point where 70% of our revenues in Construction now are international. So there's not enough size in the market, no matter what the housing start numbers look like in the near-term or project activity [ph] on commercial, in North America to offset major declines in Europe, where -- Europe represents 50% of the business today. So I think unlikely we're going to see that offset. I would say, long-term, that what we see emerging here in the U.S. will be very favorable obviously to our Construction business. We're not as wrapped up here in government financing in construction as they are in Europe and even in obviously Asia Pacific, particularly in China. So how these governments decide to finance construction going forward as part of their overall rationalization of their fiscal policies is going be an important determinant in how those markets recover. But the U.S. markets aren't big enough to cover for any significant decline in the European or Asia Pacific markets.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's fair. But have you seen stabilization in Asia Pacific? I think you kind of alluded to it earlier. How is that region for you?
David B. Speer: I think John's comments were Asia Pacific but largely in Australia, which represents about 70% of our Asia Pacific Construction business. So China, I would say, continues to -- it's going to depend on, in my view, in China, more what they determine they're going to do with the infrastructure spending there over the course of the next several years, as to how that plays out. They have been aggressive in the past. The question is how aggressive they're going be in the future. But as you know, most of the major construction activity in China is financed by the government.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray from Citi.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Some questions on base business. Can you comment on the progression in the quarter versus expectations? It looks like, overall, you came in below the low end of your range. But how did the months play out?
David B. Speer: There was no particular trend. I think if you look at things on an equalized day basis and you look at things on a seasonality basis, no particular...
Ronald D. Kropp: It's very uneven. It was -- June was stronger than May. April was stronger than May. May was weaker.
John L. Brooklier: We clearly didn't see any deceleration -- big deceleration in June, Deane, which probably, I think, a lot of people would've expected. So I think the numbers, to David and Ron's point, the numbers are very, very uneven. And we're heading into a quarter right now, into the third quarter, where numbers coming out of Europe are going to be not only what's going on with end-market demand, but they're always typically all over the place in the summer.
David B. Speer: The seasonality in Europe in third quarter is obviously a wildcard on top of what already is a weak market, so -- but no, I wouldn't say we saw any particular trends in Q2 that we could highlight.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then how about what's embedded on base business for third quarter for the range, as well as for the year?
David B. Speer: Third quarter range is revenue -- base revenue growth of minus 1% to plus 1%.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that's total revenue.
David B. Speer: That's total, yes.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But what's the base?
Ronald D. Kropp: The base is in the 2.5% to 3% range.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Positive?
David B. Speer: Yes. So obviously, the big vertical...
John L. Brooklier: There's a plus in front of that number.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Just checking. And then how about for the year?
David B. Speer: The big variable in Q3 will be again currency.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Understood. And then for the base business for the year, the updated guidance?
Ronald D. Kropp: 2% to 3%.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Good. And just -- and then last one for me, other income came in higher as a benefit. Was there any one-timer in there, any adjustment? And can you just flesh that out, please?
Ronald D. Kropp: We had a few one-timers, the biggest one being a sale of a building.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And so how much -- so were there other gains in there?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. There was a gain of about $6 million. That was the biggest item.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Liptak from Barrington Research.
Walter S. Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I just wanted a quick follow-on to Deane's question about -- I wondered what your Europe assumptions were for the third quarter and for the full year. It's down 1% -- 1.5% organic. It's obviously negative but not as bad as I would've thought.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. What we're seeing by region is pretty similar to what we saw in the second quarter, where North America is going be stronger; Europe is going to be down 1% to 2%; Asia Pacific, flat to plus 1%. So pretty similar demand rates from a base side from what we saw in the second quarter.
David B. Speer: We don't really have a catalyst, Walt, that's going to change the profile of what we saw in Q2 in Q3, or for that fact -- for that matter, going forward for the balance of the year.
Walter S. Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in Europe, specifically in the welding business, demand trends, pricing, profitability.
David B. Speer: Welding, Europe, let's see. We have...
Walter S. Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Organic internationally, you said, was up 2%. But I presume that Europe was probably down.
David B. Speer: No. So Europe was up. Europe was up 3%, I think.
John L. Brooklier: No, Europe was up more than that.
David B. Speer: It was more Asia Pacific that was down in international.
John L. Brooklier: Now remember, while we have -- we have a smaller European presence, so our Europe numbers were actually growing at a rate of double-digit, at least for the month of June.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. For the whole quarter, it was up 3.7%, welding, Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kim from UBS.
Henry Kim: If our math is correct, the midpoint of total revenue guidance for the full year and using midpoint at the third quarter implies fourth quarter revenues up 4% year-on-year. Is it possible to discuss factors that could drive sequential acceleration from the third quarter to the fourth quarter?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. That's not what we have, so I'm not sure how you backed into that. But we're looking at the third quarter overall revenues being basically flat, driven by currency. But from a base side, as I said, we're up, where we've got 2.5% to 3% up. And it's a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter partly due to the comps.
David B. Speer: So we don't have the granular details of the fourth quarter here to talk about obviously. But I would say from a global perspective, we don't see any significant change from Q3 to Q4 in market or demand activities. So there may be some nuances based on comparables, as Ron pointed out, but no significant acceleration, if you will, in demand is part of our current full year outlook for Q4.
Ronald D. Kropp: Currency is a little bit less of a factor in the fourth quarter.
Henry Kim: Okay. That's fair. As a follow-up, is it possible to talk about how customer and channel inventory levels look right now, and any stocking or destocking embedded in your updated guidance in front of 2013?
David B. Speer: No. None that is worthy of any note, for sure. We would've expected to have our original demand forecast materialize, to see some of that occurring in Q2, which obviously did not happen. And given the current demand forecast that we see across these markets, we don't see any real stocking; restocking; or for that matter, any significant destocking at this stage. We haven't experienced it and we haven't heard a lot about it. Let's put it that way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy of R.W. Baird.
Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: John, before I ask my question, would you mind repeating what the gross figure was for North American Construction sales into residential? Was that a double-digit number?
John L. Brooklier: Yes, 13%.
Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: 13%. My first question has to do with share purchases. Can you tell us how many shares you've repurchased, either year-to-date or in the second quarter? And could you comment on full year -- in the past, you've commonly talked about a range for targeted spending on repurchases. I wondered where you're at.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I said earlier -- and I don't have the exact share number. But for the first half, we spent about $1 billion and embedded in the forecast, which is included in the $0.04 EPS benefit that we bridged on the slide -- embedded in the forecast is a total year spend of $1.3 billion. So you can back into the shares based on the share price over the year, but I want to say it's something like close to 20 million.
David B. Speer: I think it's 18 million, somewhere in the 18-million to 20-million range.
Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: For the full year.
David B. Speer: No.
John L. Brooklier: No, that's the year to date.
David B. Speer: So far, year-to-date...
Ronald D. Kropp: So far, yes.
Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. And you commented, John, when you were talking about Industrial Packaging, that in the stretch business, equipment sales led the growth. Does that mean consumables was down? And can you talk about what Signode saw in consumables versus equipment comparison, the stretch consumables?
John L. Brooklier: Stretch consumables were -- stretch consumables would have been lower. It was growing at a lower rate than the equipment. But clearly, the equipment was much stronger on the stretch side. I think you've seen the same dynamics on the Signode side, too, were...
Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So I'm guessing then the implication would be that the weakness in response to macro fundamentals hasn't shown up as much in the equipment business yet, maybe because of order backlog. And then that is what we should expect for the second half.
John L. Brooklier: Well, I think -- again, I think it's really more geographical, Rob. I think North America, we're seeing trends that are more consistent with consumable and equipment sales. We were up 3% to 4% North America and we were down at a rate of about 4-ish on the European side. So I think it really has more to do with more macro trends in the geographies we're seeing as opposed to the specific categories.
David B. Speer: Rob, the other thing I would note is about 80% of our equipment sales are replacement. So I think it's probably an indication that people reached a point at which some of these pieces of equipment needed to be replaced or upgraded for productivity reasons or cost reasons. And the fact that they haven't canceled orders or delayed orders is an indication that there's a reasonable long-term view of the need for this type of equipment. And normally, the equipment would precede a big increase in consumable volumes. So it's a typical pattern that we see equipment rise, and then consumables rise secondly. And it's the same picture on the way down: equipment drops off first and consumables afterwards.
Robert F. McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And lastly, in the Power Systems and Electronics segment, John, you talked about high single-digit expectations for the welding business in the second half. Second quarter electronics was up double-digits. Is that something that you expect to be sustained in the second half?
John L. Brooklier: Well, we know that in our electronics assembly segment of total electronics that we have orders in place that are significant with a key customer. So we have a relatively high level of confidence now. But I think the other -- what I call the other electronics category, which is more legacy, more component-related, that will continue to be under pressure.
David B. Speer: Yes. I would say that yes, we have a nice Q3 runway in that category. But beyond that, it's hard to see. And as John pointed out, it's based on some significant orders with a handful of key accounts. But the general electronics category, particularly that based on computers, is really challenged.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. So we've covered a lot of ground already. Can I just clarify, Ron -- I think you mentioned overseas cash balance was $1.7 billion. Is that right?
Ronald D. Kropp: That's correct.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So all your cash is overseas right now.
Ronald D. Kropp: That's correct.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Just wondering, how does that play into your repurchase plans for the second half of the year? I mean, you got above $1 billion this year. You've done $1 billion so far. Do you plan to do more? Or do you plan to rebuild that U.S. cash balance?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, the way our capital structure works, like most U.S. companies, is we have to do share repurchases and dividends out of the U.S. So when we put together our plans for dividends and share repurchases, we do that based on where we expect to generate the cash and how much U.S. cash we expect to have and what the appropriate debt level that we want to maintain in the U.S. is. So the $1.3 billion in share repurchases that I talked about, which is the current full year forecast, that's a reflection of all those inputs. It does not consider that we would repatriate any of that $1.7 billion at this point. We certainly could if we needed to, but there would be a tax cost to that at the time we did it. So that assumes that we continue to reinvest that cash overseas in emerging markets and other ways, but not bring it back to the U.S.
David B. Speer: And obviously, the other thing that it looks at, as Ron said, where is the cash coming from? And from our forecast, you could tell we're talking about stronger performance in the U.S. than we are in international markets. So all these things are factored into how we look at the overall capital allocation. But with a $2-billion expectation of free cash flow for the year, as I've indicated, obviously, the second half of the year cash flow is much stronger than the first half, which we would expect. We wouldn't expect to see any significant change in our U.S. debt levels as a result of this. And certainly, as Ron pointed out, no plans to do any significant repatriation.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will point out, as we've had divestitures, for instance, the finishing business, to the extent we get net cash proceeds after tax in the U.S., we're redeploying that and buying back shares to offset some of the EPS.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I mean, U.S. cash generation is not a problem at all. But I'm just wondering, the surplus cash you generated in the second half of the year, you seemed to have a bit more of a cautious tone on M&A. Do we use that surplus cash to repurchase shares? Or do we rebuild U.S. cash balances?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, we typically would not run U.S. cash balances. We're going to be stoking that fire [ph] overseas.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's good. And then just a quick one. What euro rates are you using for the second half of the year?
Ronald D. Kropp: We are using $1.23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Just one clarification. The actual shares outstanding at the end of the second quarter is something like 468 million or 470 million or something like that, if you average it.
Ronald D. Kropp: I'm not sure have that handy.
John L. Brooklier: We'll get back to you.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And can we talk a little bit -- 2 questions. One is for your guidance that we talked about, relatively flattish sales. And you just gave us a little bit gain on -- in base, offset by currency. Could you see anything that's changing the profitability that we saw in the second quarter at this point? In other words, with all the changes going on, will you be able to -- you expect to be able to hold most of the profitability in the second quarter at this point?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. As we talked about, we had very strong operating performance in the second quarter. Our base incrementals were significantly higher than even 50%, typically run 35% range. And as we look out the rest of the year, we expect to continue to perform north of 50%.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: So nowhere in any business -- everything looks like it's holding together. And can you talk specifically in the transportation sector, where with the decline in European auto and probably not going to get better, are you seeing any changes in demand? I mean, is the U.S. market able to sustain itself in this crazy environment through the second half of the year and you're seeing greater weakness in Europe? Or is it continuing in any change in China?
John L. Brooklier: I think that as we reported in Q2, we saw good performance in North America. Asia Pacific continues to be strong. China is still good. India is still relatively good. You're right, Eli. The major weakness is in Europe. I don't think our auto people are expecting significant deterioration beyond the numbers they're seeing right now. I mean, it could go down a couple more points in Europe. Maybe 7 turns into 8 or 9 on a decrease on builds.
David B. Speer: But I think the biggest story for us, Eli, in Europe has been penetration gains. John had pointed out in the quarter, Q2, the European build was down in the 8% range. We were up 1%. So we have had significant penetration gain. And obviously, as those platforms continue to roll out, we'll enjoy a penetration gain in subsequent quarters as well. China is an organic growth story. We've been aligned with more of the domestic manufacturers now, so we have more content there. So that's really new growth for us, if you will, to a large extent in China. And here in North America, we have continued the normal penetration process, and it pays off obviously. And North America car business in terms of sales and production has been clearly more robust than what we thought it was going to be, entering the year. So I think the transportation outlook for us is reasonably solid going forward on the OEM basis.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Do you have a forecast for builds in North America and Europe at this point, what has changed [ph]?
John L. Brooklier: The latest forecast we have is Europe is roughly the same and North America is still growing at high double -- high-teen numbers. We're going to get end it there. We're at the top of the hour. We thank everybody for participating in the call, and I look forward to talking to a number of you later today. Thank you.
David B. Speer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and I would like to thank you all for holding. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect. I'd now like to turn with John Brooklier. Sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2012 conference call. As is our normal practice, our CEO, David Speer; and CFO, Ron Kropp, have joined me to discuss our first quarter financial results, as well as our 2012 earnings forecast. Here's the agenda for today's call. David will provide some brief commentary on 3 important long-term initiatives we have launched in the company, as well as discuss some first quarter highlights. Ron will then cover our Q1 financial results in much more detail. I'll come back and talk about our first quarter geographic and segment results, and then Ron will cover our 2012 Q2 and full year forecast. Finally, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We've scheduled one hour for today's call. A couple of housekeeping items first. This presentation contains our financial forecast for 2012 second quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on Slide 2. We refer you to the company's 10-K for 2011 for more detail about the important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the Appendix and also on our website at www.itw.com. Finally, telephone replay for this conference call is (866) 365-2451. No pass code is necessary. Playback number will be available until 12 midnight on May 8, 2012. Now let me introduce David Speer. David?
David B. Speer: Thank you, John. Before we address our first quarter results, let me make some brief comments on 3 very important long-term company initiatives that we've recently undertaken. We've received a number of investor questions on these topics over the past few months, and we want to share with you what we can at this point. The 3 areas of focus include: our business structure simplification initiative, our strategic sourcing initiative and our portfolio management initiative. First of all, our business structure simplification initiative will essentially result in generally larger-scale businesses within our decentralized operating structure. These are businesses, in most cases, with similar customers, markets and products where we can improve focus, while driving better operating efficiencies and lowering overhead costs. As this process unfolds, you should expect to see larger ITW businesses of roughly $100 million annual revenues. Internally, we're referring to this as our own 80/20 review of our business structure. We're excited about its long-term benefits for ITW, but we'll move cautiously to ensure we maintain our strong customer and market interfaces that have been a hallmark of our success. Secondly, we have hired an experienced consultant to help us develop approaches to better leverage our opportunities for strategic sourcing initiatives across the company. We're in the later stages of gathering data, but we believe this ongoing initiative will add significant value in terms of how we purchase key raw materials such as steel, resins and chemicals, as well as services such as energy, transportation and logistics and other major cost categories. Finally, our portfolio management initiative is built around our long-term strategy to divest assets that we no longer consider core and will allow us to focus on key core business opportunities, with strong growth and returns that will help us maximize our long-term returns. The April sale of our $375 million finishing businesses to Graco is the most recent example of our commitment to proactive portfolio management. I would like to add that our management team and company are fully committed to all of these initiatives. These are multi-year programs that will enhance our decentralized operating structure. We expect the associated strategic benefits and savings from these initiatives will be significant, and we anticipate communicating some reasonable details around these initiatives before the end of 2012. Now moving on to the first quarter. We believe we delivered very solid results, especially in light of the uneven macro environment. As you will see, our North American businesses produced strong results, while international businesses reflected slower market conditions, primarily in Europe and Asia. It's worth noting that Europe end-market conditions have met our expectations for the first quarter. It's also notable that both our EPS performance and operating margins exceeded our expectations. Congratulations to our people for a job well done in the quarter. Now let me turn it over to Ronald Kropp, who will discuss the recent quarter in greater detail. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the first quarter. Revenues increased 6.4% due to higher base revenues and acquisitions. Operating income was $705 million, which was higher than last year at $46 million, representing growth of 7%. Operating margins of 15.5% were 10 basis points higher compared to last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $0.97, which was at the high end of our forecast range of $0.89 to $0.97. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.24 lower than last year, which included a onetime tax benefit of $0.33 related to a Q1 2001 Australian tax case. Excluding last year's tax benefit, Q1's earnings per share were higher than last year by $0.09, or 10.2%. Finally, free operating cash flow was $239 million for the quarter. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 6.4% revenue increase was primarily due to the following factors: base revenues were up 3.2%, with North American base revenues increasing 6.6% and mixed international base revenues that were essentially flat overall. John will discuss the geographic mix in more detail later in the call. Acquisitions net of divestitures added 4.4% to revenue growth, and currency translation decreased revenues by 1.3%. Operating margins for the first quarter of 15.5% were 10 basis points higher than Q1 2001 -- 2011. Base business margins increased 120 basis points, with higher sales volume contributing 80 basis points. The positive impact of non-volume items increased base margins by 40 basis points versus last year, primarily due to price cost favorability. In addition, margins were lower by 60 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses versus last year, and the dilutive impact of acquisitions reduced margins by 50 basis points. The net margins from acquisitions, excluding amortization and other acquisition accounting, were 14.5%. Looking at working capital and cash flow, accounts receivable DSO of 62 days was slightly higher than last year, and inventory months on hand was flat at 1.9 months. ROIC for the first quarter was 15.1%, which was 60 basis points lower than Q1 last year. Our ROIC continues to run at our 15% to 17% target range, which is significantly above our cost of capital of 9% to 10%. For the first quarter, cash provided from operating activities was $323 million, with capital expenditures of $84 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of $239 million. This was $183 million better than Q1 of the prior year. As discussed in our January earnings call, we expect to generate more than $2 billion of free operating cash flow for 2012. I would now like to make a few comments regarding our capital structure. First of all, our capital allocation priorities are as follows: our first priority for capital continues to be organic investments, especially related to our key growth platforms in emerging markets. Examples of organic investments include R&D spending, new CapEx projects such as additional manufacturing capacity in emerging markets and restructuring projects, which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. We have a dividend policy of 30% to 45% of the trailing 2 years free operating cash flow. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $174 million. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividends are used for external investments, either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate the allocation between these investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns. During Q1, we spent $474 million to repurchase 8.5 million shares. In addition, we utilized $481 million for acquisitions, led by the Brooks Instrument business and the test and measurement growth platform. Brooks has annualized revenues of $210 million. Overall, during Q1, we returned over $600 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. As of the end of Q1, we have approximately $3.4 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our buyback program. Our debt levels increased $775 million during the quarter, with our debt-to-capital ratio at 32% and our debt-to-EBITDA at 1.4x. We have overseas cash of $1.3 billion and plenty of debt capacity to make additional investments. We were pleased to complete the sale of our industrial finishing businesses to Graco on April 2 in a $650-million cash transaction. We estimate the pretax gain on the sale to be approximately $450 million, which we will record in the second quarter as part of discontinued operations. The finishing equipment businesses consist of paint spray systems and technologies for a variety of industrial end markets and applications around the world. As we have said before, acquisitions will remain a key part of our growth strategy, but we will continue to selectively divest businesses that no longer fit our core platforms or our long-term growth and return objectives. I will now turn it back over to John, who'll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the results by geography and individual segment.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Before I get to the actual segment highlights, let me take a moment to review our Q1 geographic trends. There was a not-so-surprising theme that emerged from our Q1 results. It's clear our North American businesses were the outperformers in the quarter, producing organic revenue growth of 7%. I should note that Q1 industrial production levels in the United States were at mid-single digit levels during the quarter. Given the mix of macro data we have seen from Europe and Asia Pacific in Q1, it's not surprising that our international organic revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. Organic revenues in Asia Pacific increased 3%, while Europe and South America showed modest declines in organic revenues. As David noted earlier, while European organic revenues were modestly negative in Q1, our businesses in Europe largely performed at forecasted levels. Now let me move to the segment data. As you'll note from our new slide presentation deck accompanying the conference call, we have all of our segment data essentially contained on one slide now, so my comments will relate to this particular slide. In Transportation, this segment largely consists of our auto OEM businesses, with smaller revenue contributions from our auto aftermarket and truck remanufacturing business. Segment organic revenues grew 5.1% in Q1. For the biggest piece of the business, auto OEM, auto builds continue to be a key driver of revenue growth. While worldwide auto builds grew 5% in the quarter versus a year-ago period, our worldwide auto businesses produced organic revenues of approximately 7% growth. We also delivered positive organic revenue growth for all 3 major regions: North America, Europe and Asia. And notably, even though European auto builds declined 4% in Q1, our organic revenues grew 6%. So while some of this outsized performance was due to favorable customer mix, it also exemplifies the strong product penetration we have contained within the auto OEM business. In auto aftermarket, our worldwide organic revenues declined about 50 basis points in Q1, as warm weather impacted windshield wiper blades or our Rain-X brand. Now we encourage people to go out and buy as many windshield wiper blades as possible. In our truck remanufacturing business, our organic revenues grew 7.4%, thanks to strong energy development activity in Canada and Western United States. Moving to our Power Systems and Electronics segment, we continue to see very strong demand from our welding customers, while our electronics businesses experienced the reverse. Segment organic revenues grew roughly 7% in the quarter. Covering welding first, our worldwide organic revenues grew a very strong 18.6%, with North American organic revenues increasing 19.9% and international organic revenues growing 15%. As in past quarters, strong demand from global heavy equipment manufacturers, such as Caterpillar and John Deere as well as energy projects, continue to drive welding's double-digit organic growth performance. They continue to have very, very good performance. In electronics, the story was far less positive. Total electronic organic revenues declined roughly 10% as our businesses were hampered by weak worldwide consumer demand for products, as well as some destocking related to these products. The better news is that we continue to be involved in major capital equipment projects with Apple. This will help our financial results for our electronics businesses as the year progresses. Moving to Industrial Packaging. Our businesses largely reflected industrial production trends in the major geographies. Put simply, North America was stronger and the rest of the world was weaker. Segment organic revenues grew approximately 2% in the quarter. In aggregate, our total North American Industrial Packaging organic revenues grew 8.4%, while our total international Industrial Packaging organic revenues declined 2.4%. In our Signode steel and plastic strapping equipment businesses, worldwide organic revenues declined 60 basis points in the quarter. And by geography, international organic revenues fell 3.6%, while North American organic revenues increased 4.8%. The better news was in our Protective and Stretch Packaging businesses, which grew organic revenues 9.5% and 6.1%, respectively. Moving to Food Equipment. Equipment sales were strong in North America and weaker in Europe and the rest of the world. In total, segment organic revenues grew 1.6% in the quarter. Moving to the North American part of Food Equipment, organic revenues grew roughly 7% in Q1, as equipment sales increased 6.9% and service sales grew 6.5%. Warewash and food machines for casual dining restaurants and supermarkets performed very well in the quarter. And the growth in service is largely attributable to productivity enhancements from our field technicians. Once again, it was a different story internationally, where total organic revenues declined 3.8% in the quarter. International equipment sales declined 5.6%, largely due to weakness in cooking products for institutional customers in both France and Italy. Underlying this were project deferrals and lack of government spending, which impact the revenues. On a related note, international service organic revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. Moving to our Construction segment, it was, once again, a tale of 2 geographies. Our Construction results were positive in North America and declined in Europe and the rest of the world. Please remember, though, that because our segment revenues are more weighted to international construction markets, segment revenues only grew roughly 1 point in the first quarter. Total North American Construction organic revenues increased 8.4% in Q1, with the renovation and commercial categories growing 12% and 7.3%, respectively. For the residential category, our organic revenues grew 7% in Q1, and we continue to believe that 2012 housing starts will average approximately 700,000 units for the year and represent a firmer foundation for improved housing builds on a multi-year go-forward basis. Moving to international, organic revenues declined 2.5% in the quarter, with European organic revenues decreasing 1.4% and Asia-Pacific declining almost 4%. Once again, while Europe grabs all the headlines, a bigger issue in Q1, international construction, was the weakening economic construction environment in Australia and New Zealand. In our Polymers and Fluids segment, organic growth in polymers and hygiene was positive, while organic growth for fluids was negative. As a result, segment organic revenues grew approximately 2% in the quarter. Very quickly, in polymers and hygiene, organic revenues were up 3.3% due to increased worldwide demand in both categories. Polymer organic revenues grew 4%, and hygiene organic revenues increased roughly 3%. In fluids, organic revenues declined 1.4% in the quarter, largely due to reduced sales for some of our MRO-related products and the impact of recession in Spain. Moving to our other construction-related segment, Decorative Surfaces, we generated reasonably strong organic revenue performance from our businesses in an assortment of geographies. Segment organic revenues grew 4.3% in the quarter. In North America, our Wilsonart high-pressure laminate business produced solid organic revenue growth of 4.4%, thanks to innovation and new product designs and ongoing penetration in commercial categories such as office furniture and retail outlets. Internationally, our Decorative Surface business generated organic revenue growth of 4.3%. In Europe, our businesses in France and Germany contributed to organic growth. And in Asia Pacific, our Decorative Surfaces business in Thailand and China produced strong organic revenue increase. So as you can see from this particular segment, just saying Europe's down on a more macro basis doesn't account for some of the activity we have in businesses where we can actually get good results in Europe. And I'll point you back to what we did on the auto area, where our European auto business actually outperformed build metrics there. Finally, in our All Other segment, we had varying levels of contributions from our test and measurement, appliance and consumer packaging businesses. Segment organic revenues grew roughly 1% in the quarter. In test and measurement, organic revenues were up 5% as CapEx spend for structural testing equipment cooled a bit in the quarter, especially on the international side. In appliance, organic revenues increased 7.1% due to better consumer demand in the North American appliance sector. We also increased our penetration with some of Whirlpool's top-load high-efficiency washer products. And finally, in the consumer packaging area, organic revenues declined 1.6%, due to flat performance from our multi-pack businesses and a decline in our decorating businesses. So at this point, I'll conclude my remarks, and I'll turn the call over to Ron, who will cover our 2012 forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. For the second quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $1.08 to $1.16. This range assumes an increase in total revenues of 3.5% to 6%. The midpoint of the Q2 diluted EPS range of $1.12 would represent a growth of 16% versus last year. For the full year 2012, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is now $4.14 to $4.38. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 5% to 7%. The EPS midpoint of $4.26 would be 13% higher than 2011, excluding the Q1 2011 tax benefit of $0.33. This EPS midpoint is $0.12 higher than our previous forecast from January and is driven by the first quarter $0.04 outperformance, plus an $0.08 benefit from completed and forecasted share repurchases. In addition, the benefit of $0.03 from better-than-originally-expected base business performance is offset by higher projected restructuring costs, which took away $0.03. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Now we'll open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll start the questioning now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first one comes from Andy Kaplowitz.
Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's Alan Fleming standing in for Andy this morning. I wanted to ask you about your 2012 revenue outlook. It seems like you brought -- you did bring the top end of the range down a little bit. Wanted to see if that's more conservative, kind of given the uneven macro environment? Or are you seeing particular softness in some markets, if you could comment on that?
David B. Speer: Well, I think our comment would be -- what we've seen in the first quarter was clearly softer markets in Asia, and I think that's what we're really, as we look forward, are projecting forward. As John said earlier, the European performance was largely in line with what we expected. But I think the big delta from a geographic standpoint in our revised guidance is more about what we see happening in Asia, which has proven to be somewhat weaker in the beginning of the year than what we had anticipated. And at this time, we don't really see any catalyst that suggests it's going to get significantly stronger during the year.
Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Wanted to ask one follow-up. What are you seeing in terms of price cost? Is there any change in your outlook from last quarter throughout the balance of the year? Are you seeing improved price costs? Do you still expect next quarter to be kind of the best quarter for price cost?
Ronald D. Kropp: So as we talked about when we put our guidance at the beginning of the year, we expected to have favorable price cost this year, assuming that raw materials kind of stayed where they were at. So in the first quarter, it was a little bit better than we expected. That's 40 basis points positive. And we're looking, as we look out at the rest of the year, that the full year would be a similar amount, 30% to 40% -- 30 to 40 basis points positive. From a raw materials side, it's a bit of a mixed bag. Resin has been up significantly, especially PET and polypropylene. Steel has been pretty stable. Stable -- flat to down in the quarter, but pretty stable from an outlook perspective as well. And chemicals has been up 3% to 5%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: It's Vertical Research Partners. Just a couple of quick questions. Is there any issue at all from the Evonik, the CDT resin, either directly in your products, or just indirectly on auto build that you've heard about yet?
John L. Brooklier: I'll take the question, Rob. We've checked with our auto people, and what they're telling us right now is that there's no impact on our business. We have very little to do with the actual nylon 12 that's actually part of, I think, principally, brake linings. So very little to do with us directly. Clearly, we would be more interested in what's going to happen in a non-direct way with OEMs and what it does to overall production. What we're hearing and what we're seeing currently is that the OEMs are getting together, and they're trying to get additional information, trying to source additional materials and doesn't seem to be any immediate impact. We believe there's enough inventory in the channel right now to handle this. But we'll keep you posted if we hear anything differently.
David B. Speer: Really about what happens to them and their production. Is not a material that we're using directly. But obviously, their extent to build vehicles will impact us if the shortage ends up cutting their production.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: For sure. Okay. And then just a quick one on food service. I had the impression you'd lost a little bit of share, maybe falsely, but just confirm what we heard in the channel in the U.S. over the past year or 2. Have you -- are you gaining share? Or are you sort of up in line with the industry, you think, this quarter?
David B. Speer: Well, I think it depends on the segment. I mean, if you're looking at the institutional segment, which is a big segment for us, there's no question that it's been an uneven environment for the last several years, because a lot of those projects are funded by government sources, and the government funding has been uneven at best. So that's a category that's been quite volatile, if you will, from an equipment spend situation. I would say, in the casual dining category, I would not characterize what we've done or what our performance has been as a loss of any share. But I can tell you that as that category looks at equipment replacements and menu changes and so forth, it does impact how equipment rolls out in those categories. So it's not an even process. But I would say, overall, right now, I don't think I would characterize us having lost any significant share positions.
John L. Brooklier: Rob, I would point you back to the numbers I gave earlier when you talk about North America. Our North America organic revenues grew approximately 7% in the quarter, and both equipment and sales were up roughly 7%. So I think that...
David B. Speer: Which would have been our strongest quarter in some time.
John L. Brooklier: Yes, one of our better quarters. So I think that, that -- I think that our Food Equipment people are encouraged by what they see in Q1, and they're going to try to build on that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jamie Cook.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Crédit Suisse. Two questions. One, on the lower, slightly lower sales forecast. Can you just talk about whether there's any change in your incremental margin assumptions with and without restructuring and acquisitions? And then I just guess, my second point, just in term -- questions, longer term in terms of your longer-term initiatives that you talked about in the beginning of the quarter and we're hearing more and more about. Can you just talk about sort of the latest and what you're thinking about potential divestitures? Are you willing to put a new number out there now that the finishing business is officially gone? I mean, a percent of assets at this point that you think you would potentially divest or are looking at for divestiture?
David B. Speer: Jamie, let me let Ron answer the beginning of your question, and I'll take the latter part.
Ronald D. Kropp: So the question on margins, incremental margins. So as you saw, we've taken down the overall revenue guidance a bit, but we've taken the overall earnings up in -- from a base business performance perspective, it's adding $0.03 per share. So we are getting some incremental margin benefit from the core businesses. The incrementals in the first quarter for the base businesses were 53%. So we had a very strong margin performance quarter from our base businesses. We expect to see very strong incrementals continue throughout the year. Overall, for the year, probably in the -- close to 40% for the full year in base business incremental. So that's certainly helpful. Offsetting that is obviously the increased restructuring. We've bumped that up a little bit, which took $0.03 out of the guidance.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just because I think last time, you were guiding more to like a 35% incremental versus the 40% on the base business, what's changed it? Is it the price feeling more comfortable with the price cost? Is it mix with more North America? I just want to make sure I understand the puts and takes.
Ronald D. Kropp: It's probably a little bit of price cost, but it's really just better performance. Better efficiencies, better cost reduction benefits, et cetera.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, I'm sorry, the last question, just on divestitures?
David B. Speer: Yes, on portfolio management, Jamie, what I would say is that as we've said over the last probably 1.5 to 2 years now, we're taking a lot more aggressive look at our own portfolio of businesses and being more proactive in looking at things that we consider to be core or non-core pieces long term. And as you pointed out, the finishing businesses that we sold to Graco in the first quarter -- or I should say in early April, were an indication of a set of businesses that we consider no longer core. And so we move forward to find the appropriate divestiture strategy for those. There are other businesses like that, that is part of our proactive portfolio management we'll consider. And undoubtedly, there'll be more activity. But at this stage, I wouldn't want to be in a position to quantify it because we're not far enough along to be able to talk about those things publicly. But we have an active program under way, and you can expect that there'll be other divestitures, as you'll see, come forward over the coming months and year.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I ask the question slightly differently then, relative to -- when we were talking about this, perhaps at the Analyst Day in December or even 6 months ago, is the amount of businesses potentially up for divestiture larger, while you don't want to put a percentage up? Or is it about the same?
David B. Speer: Well, if you look at the pattern here, I mean, the divestiture of the finishing business was truly a larger divestiture than the ones we had done prior. So there's no size range that was off limits, if you will. And I would say that based on what we've been looking at, the size range is probably somewhat larger than what we had seen in the past. In the past, if you go back, I think the time period from '06 to 2010, the average divestiture was more in the $50 million to $60 million range. And clearly, this was a $375 million divestiture. So I would say that the size of a potential divestiture will likely be somewhat larger going forward than what our past track record has been.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Bank of America. First, on Construction. Now, I think, John Brooklier, you called out a softer construction Australia, New Zealand? Didn't that part of the world have some weather issues, though?
John L. Brooklier: Yes, there's been some weather issues, but we think it's a little bit more economically sensitive than that. And if you really look at what's going on in Australia, the economy is slowing. Some of the mineral-related exporting going on to China slowed a little bit as China slowed a little bit. So I would say the service side of the economy in Eastern Australia is certainly a lot slower, as is the Western side, where it's really more natural resources. That has slowed a bit, too. Overall, that's added up to a slower economy, which has impacted their housing market. I think housing -- it's probably one of the big key areas for them right now. That's somewhat way different.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So then if we back up of the Construction lens, if you will, and look at North America, you obviously, when you gave us the results right in the first quarter, how did that play out as the quarter progressed? And the question really comes down to, did you see or do you think you saw a bit of a pull forward because of the warm winter that we had, say, into December, January, February and -- I mean, the obvious question is was March much softer? Or has the trend still been pretty consistent?
David B. Speer: I think, John, what we've seen -- I mean, there's no question, the warm months of January through March pull some things forward. And I don't think it's going to change the trajectory of housing starts for the year. I think it gives a temporary sort of blip forward. The overall underlying dynamics still remain, with the inventory levels and housing prices the way they are. So while I think we saw some nice short-term momentum, I don't think that's something we expect to see sustained. There are some markets where the residential builds will begin to actually go up because of the local market conditions. Lack of available inventory or price points have actually started to rise. But I think it's still -- 2012, I think, is still a year to sort out for housing starts overall. But if you look at the overall numbers, we're expecting housing starts for the year to be closer to 700,000, which would be about a gain for the year in the mid-teens in housing starts. So it would be a nice welcome view to see that kind of a turn. But I wouldn't view the first quarter as a first data point that we could draw a line from and expect that rise to continue.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. No, that makes sense. I think -- well, if your mid-teens growth rate holds, right, I think you did up 7% in resi in North America. That should actually get better as the year then progresses?
David B. Speer: Correct.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One last question on the simplification scaling up. You did, David, raise your guidance. You didn't just tighten the low end of the range. I'd always sort of been under the impression these initiatives were perhaps going to require a little bit of cost on ITW's part to -- for what -- for a variety of different potential things. Is that true? And is that in your numbers? Or is that -- a lot of this is still kind of in the fact-finding stage, and the more cost saves coupled with the cost spending or so forth is really about '13 versus '12.
David B. Speer: Well, I would say, John, it's both. But primarily, the costs that would be associated with some of these larger initiatives have not been fully represented in the guidance, because we don't have all the data yet. Some of it is represented in some of the restructuring that we've obviously put forward, which is higher than what we originally anticipated. But I think the best way to look at this is that we're still gathering the data, and there will be some investment involved in achieving some of what we think will be some significant savings along the way. And I expect that towards the latter part of the year, we'll have enough data to be comfortable giving some reasonable direction as to the size and significance of what we think will be happening. But it's a longer term sort of a process. So we're talking about things that would happen in 2013 largely and beyond with, I think, some reasonable quantification towards the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ann Duignan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Ann Duignan, JPMorgan. Just on the back of John's question. When I look at initiatives like strategic sourcing, I can't help but think that down the road, the consulting firm comes back and says, "Gee, now you need an ERP system. You need people analyzing data." How do you balance, David, investing in some of these initiatives in the near term versus kind of SG&A creep and centralization over the long term?
David B. Speer: Well, I think it's like any major initiative. You evaluate what you think the benefits are and, obviously, benefits of significance across the enterprise will require some level of investment and talent and resource. But we'll have to balance that in terms of what we think makes sense, where we think the biggest payoffs are and the ones that we think will drive the greatest benefits in the organization. So as we assess those, we have to determine what investments will be required to achieve what we think will be reasonable and significant savings. So hard to answer the question till we have more data. But clearly, we'll be in a position to be making more investment around that. And from a centralization standpoint, there's no question. We'll want to do more coordination around some of these larger areas of spend where we can be certain that we're taking advantage of our scale opportunities in a much more formal way than we'd done in the past.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will add that, yes, we are -- we do feel the decentralized business model is the right model for us, and we're not changing that because of strategic sourcing. So the focus of the study has been how do we do a better job of approaching sourcing throughout the company in our decentralized operating model?
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So we shouldn't be concerned that down the road you'd be building a new corporate headquarters somewhere?
Ronald D. Kropp: You've seen our old one, Ann.
David B. Speer: We might paint the existing one.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's one of the things we love about you, so we don't want to -- that to change. But just on -- building on that a little bit, I know you said that you will communicate the cost and the benefits of all of these changes late in 2012. Can you just talk about -- I mean, that's a year of data analysis. Can you just talk about why it will take you till late 2012 to assess the opportunities and the costs?
David B. Speer: Well, because, I think, first of all, if we're going to give you any indications with numbers, you're going to want those numbers to be reasonably solid. And those numbers are going to involve, as you accurately pointed out in the beginning of your questions, some investment in both people and systems, and so we want to be certain that before we started signaling what we think some of the potential savings are here that we're pretty solid on what the approach is going to be and the time frame associated with that. So I don't think we're -- I don't think we're trying to hedge our bets. What we're trying to do is be thoughtful about what we communicate and what we think is realistic. And I think for us to digest that is going to take that kind of time.
Ronald D. Kropp: And also, as David said, these are multi-year, long-term initiatives. So as we figure out how to approach these major initiatives within the company, we want to make sure we do it the right way and make sure we -- at the same time we're doing all of this, continue to deliver on our results that you'd expect.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Well, I wish you guys luck, because I know it's kind of a cultural change. So we'll check in at the end of the year, I guess.
David B. Speer: Well, it is somewhat of a cultural change. But, Ann, as you know, you followed us a long time, we've been through several cultural nuance changes that have been successful, and I'm quite confident that we will be with this as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Deane Dray.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Deane Dray with Citi. David, I'd be interested in hearing more about your thoughts. We've discussed what are you thinking residential plays up, but how about the non-res cycle? Just in terms of the indicators that you think are important to ITW? What kind of visibility and how you think it plays out the balance of the year?
David B. Speer: You're talking about non-res here in the U.S.?
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, first.
David B. Speer: Well, the data certainly from a start standpoint for commercial has finally begun to show some improvement numbers. Year-to-date, the commercial construction square footage boards is up 7%, with some notable categories, up that have been down for a while. Retail is up 28%; warehouses are up 20% -- 80%. So I think we're beginning to see the turn. However, it is still regional. There are some markets where we still have a lot of overbuilt and vacant space. The 2 big exceptions to improvement in commercial remain offices and education. So I'm of a view that we've begun to turn the corner, but I don't think we're going to see a breakout in commercial construction until probably sometime in 2013. But it would appear, based on the data, the numbers and the activity in some of the major markets, that we're quite close.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then how about outside the U.S.?
David B. Speer: Sorry?
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Outside the U.S.?
David B. Speer: Outside the U.S.? Well, that's a mixed bag. Europe, reasonable numbers in the north of Europe, in Germany and in France. A lot of the European commercial construction, as you know, still has government financing tied to it. So some of this is going to play out based on what happens with their budgets and how they view deficit spending. But Europe for us in the first quarter proved to be fairly good in commercial. So hard to get a long-term read based on what's going to happen with their budgets longer term. Clearly, the south of Europe is going to be troubled for some time. Spain and Italy and the public spending there around construction, that's going to be troubling for some time to come. The Asian construction numbers remain reasonable, and I think we'll continue to see some boost there, more around commercial than around residential.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just on -- a business update on welding and -- we're back into some eye-popping numbers there. How much of that is true end-market demand? Or might there be some restocking going on?
David B. Speer: Well, there's probably some restocking going on. But frankly, the end-market demand in heavy equipment and the energy-related sectors, oil and gas, has been robust. And I mean, I can tell you that in some of our channels, particularly in North America, there's not a lot of stock in the channel. So it really is -- these are markets that are performing well and have what looks like a reasonable runway, at least for the next couple of quarters. The oil and gas, the energy-related infrastructure, will probably be longer than that. So I think we're still pretty -- we were obviously surprised by the strength overall of what we saw in Q1. But if you go back and look at Q3 and Q4 of last year, we were also surprised by the strength there. So I think these trends are trends that have some reasonably good legs to them for at least the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question will come from Henry Kirn.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's UBS. Sorry to beat the initiative horse again, but what drove the decision to go forward today? What's different now versus 5 years ago or 2 years ago?
David B. Speer: Well, let's see. What's different now than 5 years ago, about $5 billion of acquisitions and a whole host of businesses that had really not participated in some of these larger-scale opportunities to see what kind of benefits might be available. It had been probably 8 to possibly 10 years since we had done something similar on a sourcing level. And most of that had been around 3 or 4 significant raw material categories. And as we begin to look across the total spend, it became apparent that there was more out there than just what we had looked at in the past, and that the size and scale of the company had changed enough that this really required a fresh look. I mean, an $18 billion company looking at this as opposed to an $11 billion company, I mean, obviously, there's some significantly different scale opportunities. So we thought it was time for a fresh look.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's helpful. And then on electronics, how much did the destocking hurt the segment results? And how much more is left on destocking?
David B. Speer: Oh, that's a hard one because a lot of the electronics is related to consumer products, and it's hard to get a read on how much of it is channel destocking. But certainly a significant portion of that has been. This has been a volatile market for some time, up and down. I mean, we were talking about that as being a tough market for us in 2010. And in the first quarter of 2011, we were comping things that were above 50%. So, hard to say with that market. It is, clearly, a volatile market and -- we're talking about cell phones, PDAs, computers, so you've got a mix of different products. Flat-screen TVS. I mean, you've got a lot of different consumer products in there with different demand cycles right now. So we expect that that's going to still be volatile for a while.
John L. Brooklier: Henry, I think we believe that the larger level of destocking took place in Q4 or later last year. And there was some element of destocking into Q1. But again, to David's point, it's very hard to get precision around those numbers. But I think on a -- conceptually, we think more of the destocking has probably taken place.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andy Casey.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions, a lot has been covered. What was the end-of-quarter share count?
Ronald D. Kropp: I'm not sure I have that handy.
David B. Speer: 40-something. 40...
Ronald D. Kropp: 45, I think, is what comes to mind. But we can follow up with you later on that number.
John L. Brooklier: We'll look at that number for you, Andy.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then I guess I'm searching for a little bit more granularity on the international construction markets. Was there any heartbeat as the quarter progressed in those markets, Europe and Australia specifically?
David B. Speer: Well, Europe performed actually reasonably well. But as I said earlier, it's a tale of 2 stories, the northern part of Europe versus the southern. I think the one that was the weakest, that probably told the story for us, was Australia. And I think John talked about that earlier, some of the economic issues there, the housing market has slowed significantly. The economy there is slowing significantly. And they have some currency translation issues down there as well as they're buying a lot of their imported goods in U.S. dollars. So that's probably the one that -- Australia is probably the one that caught us with the biggest surprise. And in the retail segment down there where we have reasonable presence, this is where we expect to see some pretty good retail activity. And that just hasn't picked up at this stage.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just one last one, a question on the strategy. When other companies have talked about starting transformations, strategic pricing is typically discussed. I wouldn't imagine that you're a multiple-of-cost-type business, but is that part of what you're investigating? Or is it all strategic sourcing?
David B. Speer: Let me understand the question. Strategic pricing versus?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No. When you go after the strategic sourcing and try to leverage what you have, just steps that are taken to make sure that you don't have any price leakage?
David B. Speer: Oh, yes. That is definitely part of what we're talking about, yes. And that is linked to some of the work that we're doing on the commercial side that we're able to bring back together on the sourcing side. So yes, I would expect that we're going to see some changes coming out of that as well. As you know, we have a number of global platforms where we already do a fair amount of strategic pricing across the platforms. Automotive is certainly an example of that, as is appliance, and certainly across some of our welding markets as well. But yes, that's clearly something that has opportunity with it.
Ronald D. Kropp: And also, a benefit of the business simplification initiative, when we have scaled up businesses that are larger, we have a better opportunity for coordinated pricing across bigger businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Ajay, FBR Capital Markets. Thanks for providing the color on longer-term initiatives. And maybe just to follow up on the scale up of businesses, could you maybe talk about what that could mean in terms of combining businesses? I thought I heard $100 million average revenues. Does that mean the number of subsidiaries get cut in half? Is that something that could happen over the next couple of years?
David B. Speer: Clearly, it means that the number of business units will be fewer. And as I said in my comments in the beginning, the ones that would be consolidated are largely ones where they have similar customers, markets and products already. But it would -- yes, it would result in fewer business units and, obviously, better operating efficiencies inside those business units and lower overhead costs. So, hard to predict exactly how many business units, how many fewer business units, but it would be a significant number. If you look at the average business units that we had in average business unit size that we had in 2010, it would have been closer to $30 million. So if you just take that math and look at a $100 million, it would suggest perhaps 2/3 less business units. And we're not far enough along to predict that because we're not doing it just as a math exercise, but there will be a significant reduction in individual business units as we've called them. And a lot of those services and approaches will be consolidated under one umbrella in those cases.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Good, that's helpful. And then on strategic sourcing, I thought you mentioned steel, resin, chemicals, a couple other items. Maybe if you can talk about the total buy or the spend that you're looking to target? And any sense on the size of the opportunity there? I know it's very, very early, but...
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. I think, certainly, as we've said, when we raise a -- start getting into some specifics around numbers and benefits towards the end of the year, that will be part of what we talk about. Not ready to get into that at this point.
David B. Speer: But as you can imagine, I mean, the size is significant in terms of the spend in these categories. But as Ron says, until we've got better data, we really don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves and communicate data here that is premature. But it's -- these numbers are big, obviously.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And you're looking at the total spend across these broad categories you've mentioned?
David B. Speer: Yes. We're looking at total spend.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nigel Coe.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Just wanted to kind of dig into what you're just talking about. Taking down the number of business units by, let say, 2/3, can you just maybe remind us what level of G&A overhead you have in each of these operating companies, be it finance, HR, et cetera? And then maybe if you could then talk about, as you go through this process, where you see the opportunities in terms of gross margin versus SG&A overhead?
Ronald D. Kropp: On the first question, the typical business unit is run as a stand-alone business, which means it has a general manager, a controller, typically HR support, and any -- the other functional disciplines you would need to run a business. They typically would have a stand-alone system, although, in some cases, we do have business units that shares systems across multiple business units, especially when they're located in the same general area. So that's the kind of the SG&A profile of a business. We have generally been pretty efficient at running, so these are pretty lean overhead structures. If you look at our overall overhead levels versus our peers, we certainly compare favorably. But as we scale up, there certainly will be some opportunities to leverage some of these overhead functions across a bigger business unit and, therefore, result in some cost reductions.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. I mean, I look at your SG&A as a portion of sales, it's about 18% or thereabouts. It's pretty -- compares very favorably to your peers. But I'm wondering, as you drive joint procurements, do you think it's more of an opportunity on procurement versus G&A? Or do you think the 2 are pretty even?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. Again, it's hard to say. I mean, I think there's big opportunities in both. And certainly, as we move through this and figure out how to approach this in detail, and we'll be ready to share that with you towards the end of the year.
David B. Speer: I think we'll clearly see significant opportunities in both.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's clear. And then just quickly on the -- coming back to the portfolio. I mean, I don't know. I mean -- that there are obviously some numbers out there in the market in terms of what you could do in terms of proportion of sales. But how do you feel about reallocating the capital? Because, let's say you've realized $3 billion to $4 billion of proceeds from this process, I mean, do you wish to replace that with more of an emphasis in acquisitions versus buybacks? Or is that to be decided?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, certainly, to be decided, right? I mean, we haven't -- we don't have that kind of capital to put to use right now. And as -- if we did, we'd have to go through our capital allocation strategy and figure out how we utilize that. So we've, I think, clearly laid out our capital allocation priorities. In fact, we've got a slide in the deck today that lays that out. Organic investments is our first priority, then dividends, and then external investments. And external investments, share repurchase versus acquisitions, is really based on the specific opportunities at a point in time and which of those has the best risk-adjusted return. So, for instance, in the finishing sale, we have some proceeds from the finishing divestiture, we intend to use those to repurchase shares. That's one of the reasons that our share repurchase forecast went up for the year.
John L. Brooklier: I think we will end it there with that question and answer. We want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to speaking to you at some future point in time. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, that will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect, and thank you for your attendance.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations David B. Speer - Chairman, Chief Executive officer and Member of Executive Committee Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is also being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW's Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. As is our normal practice, our CEO, David Speer; and our CFO, Ron Kropp, had joined me to discuss our solid fourth quarter financial results, as well as our 2012 earnings forecast. Here's the agenda for today's conference call. David will provide brief commentary on our fourth quarter highlights. Ron will then cover our Q4 financial results in more detail. I will then talk about our fourth quarter operating highlights based on our reporting segments, and then Ron will come back to talk about our full year '12 and Q1 forecast. Finally, we'll open the last 30, 40 minutes of the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions]  A couple of housekeeping items. Please let me remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing ops, diluted net income per share, restructuring expenses, free operating cash flow, acquisition activity, tax rates, end market conditions and the company's related forecast. Please refer to our 2010 [ph] Form 10-K for more details on our forward-looking statement. One other note. The telephone replay for this conference call is (800) 704-0516. No passcode is necessarily. The playback number will be available until 12 midnight on February 14.  Now let me introduce David Speer, who will highlight our Q4 accomplishments. David?
David B. Speer: Thank you, John. We're pleased with both our fourth quarter and full year operating results. Beginning with the 2011 fourth quarter, we had a solid total revenue and organic growth of approximately 10% and 6%, respectively. Our North American and Chinese businesses led the way, with organic revenue growing approximately 9% and 10%, respectively. While European demand slowed, we still produced organic growth of nearly 3% in that geography. We delivered strong diluted EPS growth of 36%. We produced operating margins of 15%. That was substantially higher than the year-ago period. 7 of 8 reporting segments reported operating margin improvement in Q4. We generated robust, strong free operating cash flow of $617 million, representing a strong free cash to net income conversion rate of 140%. It also represented a second consecutive quarter where our free cash flow conversion was well over 100%. For the full year 2011, we delivered record revenues of $17.8 billion, with our organic revenues growing 7.5%. We generated $2 billion of income, which was a record from continuing operations. This represented a strong operating EPS growth of 41%. And we produced operating margins of 15.4%, which was 80 basis points higher than the full year 2010. All in all, it was a very strong fourth quarter and 2011 for ITW. These results placed us at a solid starting point for 2012. Now let me turn the call back to Ronald Kropp, who will give you a more detailed analysis of our Q4 operating performance.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the fourth quarter. Revenues increased 10% primarily due to higher base revenues and acquisitions. Operating income was $647 million, which was higher than last year by $165 million. Operating margins of 15% were higher by 270 basis points.  Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $0.90, which was higher than last year by $0.24 and was in the middle of our forecast range of $0.86 to $0.94. Finally, free operating cash flow is very strong at $617 million or 140% of net income. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 10.4% revenue increase was primarily due to the following factors: First, base revenues were up 5.9% with North American base revenues increasing 8.7% and international base revenues up 3.0%. Within international, Europe was up 2.6%, China was up 9.8% and Australia and New Zealand was down 2.1%. Next, acquisitions net of divestitures added 4.7% to revenue growth. Finally, currency translation decreased revenues by 0.4%. Operating margins for the fourth quarter of 15% were higher than last year by 270 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 330 basis points with the higher sales volume contributing 160 basis points, and the positive impact of non-volume items increasing base margins by 170 basis points. The increase in base margins from non-volume items was due to better variable margins, lower overhead costs and favorable corporate adjustments.  Unlike the prior quarters of 2011, price cost had only a minimal margin effect of negative 10 basis points. In addition, the overall margins were lower by 30 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses, and the dilutive impact of acquisitions reduced margins by 20 basis points.  The net margins from acquisitions, including amortization of intangibles from step ups, were 10%. Excluding amortization, acquisition margins were 21.2%. When I turn it back over to John, he'll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $10 million primarily due to the new long-term debt issued in August, and other income and expense was favorable by $5 million. The fourth quarter effective tax rate of 27.2% was higher than last year's rate of 25.6%, but was lower than the forecasted rate of 29%, which added $0.02 per share to earnings. The full year 2011 tax rate was 22.2% or 28.6%, excluding the one-time benefit in the first quarter related to the Australian tax case. Our cash position decreased $141 million in the fourth quarter as our free operating cash flow of $617 million was utilized for acquisitions of $110 million, dividends of $174 million and debt repayments of $544 million.  For the full year, revenues were up 15.4%, and margins were higher by 80 basis points. Excluding the $0.33 favorable impact of the Australian tax case, full year EPS from continuing operations was $3.75 or 30% higher than 2010. Our total revenue increase for the full year of 15.4% consisted of a base revenue increase of 7.5%, acquisition impact of 4.8% and favorable translation of 3.1%. The higher full year base business margins of 120 basis points were partially offset by the dilutive impact of acquisitions of 40 basis points.  For the full year, we generated $1.6 billion of free operating cash flow, a $400 million increase from 2010. This free cash flow, plus debt increases of $1.1 billion, were utilized for dividends of $680 million, share repurchases of $950 million and acquisitions of $1.3 billion. For 2012, we expect to generate more than $2 billion of free operating cash flow. Approximately $700 million is expected to be used to pay dividends, with the remainder allocated to acquisitions and share repurchases as appropriate. Turning to the balance sheet. Total invested capital decreased $250 million from the third quarter, primarily due to lower working capital and currency translation. Accounts receivable DSO and inventory months on hand were the same as of third quarter levels at 58.7 days and 1.8 months, respectively. For the fourth quarter, capital expenditures were $94 million and depreciation was $83 million. ROIC for the fourth quarter was 14.5%, which was higher than Q4 last year by 120 basis points, primarily due to the stronger operating results. On the financing side, our debt level decreased $573 million from the third quarter due to lower Commercial paper borrowings and currency translation. Our debt-to-capital ratio decreased to 28% from 32% last quarter. We had cash on the balance sheet of $1.2 billion as of December 31, almost all of which is held overseas.  During the fourth quarter, we acquired 7 companies, which have annual revenues of $86 million. As a result, for the full year 2011, we've acquired 28 company's representing annualized revenues of $867 million. 81% of our acquired revenues in 2011 were focused on our emerging market and platform growth initiatives.  Although we paid a higher overall revenue multiple for the 2011 deals, we acquired higher growth, higher-margin businesses in 2011. Acquisition margins, excluding amortization, were 16.2% for full year 2011. In January 2012, we closed on the Brooks Instrument acquisition. Brooks has annual revenues of $210 million and will become part of our growing Test & Measurement platform. Serving end markets such as mobile computing, microelectronics, LED, energy and life sciences, Brooks manufactures devices that measure and control the flow of gases and fluids in applications where gas and fluid must be regulated with ultra-precision accuracy as part of the manufacturing process. I will now turn it back over to John who will provide more details on our fourth quarter operating results.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Let's begin with our Transportation segment, where Q4 '11 organic revenues grew 8.7% compared to the year-ago period. As usual, the segment's Q4 organic revenue growth was led by our auto OEM businesses. These units produced worldwide organic growth of nearly 8%, a notable achievement when you consider that worldwide auto builds only grew 1% in the quarter. It's clear that our product penetration, that's our ability to put additional value-adding products on car platforms, continues to be a real differentiator for the ITW auto businesses. Taking a closer look at our organic revenues, our Q4 North American and European base organic revenues increased 8% and 7.7%, respectively. Notably, our Asia-Pacific auto OEM businesses produced an organic revenue increase of more than 23% in the quarter with substantial growth coming from our Chinese auto businesses. In the other pieces that relate to this segment, our auto aftermarket businesses, Q4 organic revenues increased 5.6%, and growth emanated both from our transportation materials, as well as our consumer-based businesses. Finally, our truck remanufacturing and parts and service business grew organic revenues nearly 20%, largely due to continuing strength associated with Oil & Gas field exploration in the Western United States and Canada, a good strong performance from our overall Transportation segment. Moving to our Power Systems & Electronics segment. Once again, they produced double-digit organic growth in Q4 versus the year-ago period. Total segment organic revenues grew more than 10% in Q4 and once again, was led by our Welding businesses. Our worldwide Welding organic revenues increased nearly 23% in the quarter, with North America and international Welding revenues growing roughly 25% and 16%, respectively. These strong growth metrics worldwide were tied to high levels of project activities associated with Oil & Gas, heavy equipment and infrastructure. Please note that both our European and Chinese Welding businesses grew organic revenues substantially in the quarter. It was a different story in our electronics category where weakening end market and softer consumer demand resulted in less impressive results. Our total electronic businesses produced an organic revenue decline of 7.7% in the quarter and both our PC board fabrication and our other electronic businesses both generated negative organic growth in the quarter. Moving to industrial packaging. Q4 organic revenues grew roughly 4% versus the year-ago earlier period, and this was largely a tale of 2 geographies. In our total North American industrial packaging businesses, organic growth was 7.3% in the quarter, with our strapping and equipment units posting organic growth of nearly 11%. It was a different story internationally. Our total international industrial packaging units generated organic growth of only 1% in the quarter, with international strapping and equipment organic revenues growing about [ph] 1.5%. In addition, our worldwide protective packaging business grew organic revenues nearly 6%, while our worldwide stretch packaging units generated a revenue decline of approximately 3%. Moving to food equipment. Segment organic revenues grew 3.9% in the quarter versus the year-ago period, and that was directly related to better-than-expected equipment sales in North America and improving organic revenues for our worldwide service businesses. Remember, service represents roughly 1/3 of the overall segment activity. In North America, total food equipment organic revenues increased 6.1%, with equipment sales growing 7.5% and service sales growing 4.1%. North American equipment sales were boosted by an improving CapEx spend by customers in areas such as restaurants, supermarkets, as well as some colleges and universities. Internationally, equipment sales increased only about 0.5% as CapEx spending lagged in Europe. The better news was that our international organic revenues for our services businesses grew roughly 4.5% in the quarter. Let's move on to our construction product segment, where our organic revenues grew 2.6% in Q4 compared to the year-ago period. Probably not a big surprise that the biggest contributor to organic growth was due to better construction demand in North America, especially in the United States. In North America, organic revenues grew a surprisingly strong 9.1% as all construction categories produced increases in the quarter. Notably, in the residential businesses, organic revenues grew more than 12% as U.S. housing starts continue to show modest signs of improvement. And in our commercial construction and renovation categories, organic revenues increased 7.5% and 7.7%, respectively. Not surprisingly, the news was less favorable on the international side. Total international construction organic revenues were essentially flat in Q4 with Asia-Pacific declining more than 2%. That's largely because the Australian and New Zealand businesses were negatively impacted by disappointing housing starts in the quarter. The better news was that our European construction businesses produced organic growth of roughly 3% in the quarter. Thanks in large part to reasonable end-market demand in countries such as France, Germany and the U.K. In our Polymers & Fluids segment, organic revenues grew a little more than 3% in the quarter versus the year-ago period. Q4 organic revenues reflected some modest pullback in demand in a handful of the worldwide industrial base niche markets, particularly in Europe and parts of Asia. In Q4, worldwide polymer organic revenues grew 3.2% as top line contributions from our international and North American businesses were roughly equal. We did experience, however, a loss on an international polymers contract that accounted for the -- for most of the segment's year-over-year margin decline. The smaller worldwide fluids portion of the segment produced organic revenues of 3.2% with nearly all of this growth coming from international businesses and associated end markets. By specific geography, North American and Asia-Pacific led the total segment's organic revenue growth, increasing 6% and roughly 5%, respectively, in the quarter. And European organic revenues were essentially flat in Q4. Moving to our other construction-related segment, decorative surfaces. Organic revenues grew 3.5% in the quarter versus a year-ago period, and organic revenues were largely tied to contributions from the North American businesses, where organic revenues increased more than 5% in the quarter. North American organic revenues were driven by Wilsonart's premium product positioning in the high pressure laminate category, as well as increased demand from the office furniture category. The modest improvement in the major construction categories, especially Commercial sector, which is a big component of the segment, also contributed to organic growth. Internationally, organic revenues grew a little bit more than 1% as stronger growth in Asia was mitigated by slower growth in Europe, particularly in France and the U.K. And finally, on our All Other segment. Organic revenues grew 6.5% in the quarter versus a year-ago period, much like what we saw in earlier quarters. Revenue growth was largely driven by the Test & Measurement businesses, where organic revenues increased 15.6% in the quarter. That's largely due to increased CapEx spending across a broad set of end markets and geographies. Notably, Test & Measurements organic revenues grew 18% in North America and 13% in Europe in the quarter.  In our other businesses, consumer packaging, we saw organic revenues increase roughly 4% as our beverage, packaging, foils and decorating businesses all contributed to organic growth. Finally, our industrial/appliance businesses produced an organic revenue decline of a little bit more than 2% in the quarter due to ongoing weakness in demand in the worldwide appliance sector. This concludes my segment remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Ron, who will cover our 2012 forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. For the first quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.89 to $0.97. The low end of this range assumes a 6% increase in total revenues versus 2011, and the high end of the range assumes a 9% increase. The midpoint of the diluted EPS range would be 6% higher than last year, excluding the first quarter 2011 impact of the Australian tax case. For the full year 2012, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.02 to $4.26. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 5% to 8%. The EPS midpoint of $4.14 would be 10% higher than 2011, excluding the impact of the Australian tax case. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, restructuring costs of $70 million to $80 million for the year and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for the first quarter and full year. Note that beginning in 2012, we are discontinuing the monthly release of rolling 3 month revenue data. We believe that providing this data monthly has resulted in a disproportionate amount of focus on short-term revenue data versus long-term operating performance. We will continue to provide detailed revenue data each quarter by segment as part of our normal quarterly earnings release. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] First question please.
Operator: Our first question comes from John Inch.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This seems to be going around this morning, this perspective that somehow, you've lowered your guidance. I don't see any sort of a tie into the 3% to 5% organic, but maybe you could just walk us through that. Is that true? Have you lowered your guidance in some manner versus the December analyst meeting?
Ronald D. Kropp: No, actually. So in the December analyst meeting, what we had talked about explicitly was only base. And we said base for the full year was 3% to 5%. We did talk about translation being negative, although we weren't specific around a number and certainly, that's moved down a bit since December. And then acquisitions, again, we weren't explicit. We have some long-range goals around that, but we weren't explicit around the 2012 guidance. So kind of the way it shakes out is base, 3% to 5%; acquisitions, 4% to 6%, probably in the lower end of that; and translation based on current rates, about a negative 2%, which gets you to the 6.5%.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So you are reiterating the 3% to 5% base, is that correct?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, that's correct.
David B. Speer: Absolutely, yes.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: While we're on the subject of, maybe sort of -- just sort of dotting Is and crossing Ts, translation of down to -- what would that equate to in terms of EPS? I think there's a perspective that somehow translation is a massive headwind for you guys this year.
Ronald D. Kropp: It's about $0.07 year-on-year.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, the Brooks deal, what kind of a multiple did you pay for it? And are there sort of other similar types of bolt-ons that you're going to build out as part of that? I think it was owned by Emerson before. Was it not?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes.
David B. Speer: Some time ago, yes.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, it was some time ago, yes.
Ronald D. Kropp: The multiple we paid there, yes, we don't give specifically purchase price numbers. But it's in the normal range of what we paid historically between 7 and 8x.
David B. Speer: EBITDA.
Ronald D. Kropp: EBITDA.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: 7, 8x EBITDA. And that's a multiple of revenues, like 1 to 2?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, it's probably closer to 2 than 1.
Operator: Next question from Jamie Cook.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. Just one, what are your assumptions for a price cost in 2012? And then my other question is on the construction side of the business. It sounded like you guys were a little more up [ph] -- I mean, in your revenue numbers show that -- and a bunch of other companies have been a little bit more positive on U.S. construction, whether it's housing starting to improve or Commercial. So how you're sort of feeling about that business and has your assumptions on the -- I mean, do you think you're -- I think you guided 3% to 5% construction at the analyst day. I mean, is there any room for upside there, or just how you're feeling about that business in the U.S., specifically?
David B. Speer: Okay, I'll ask Ron to talk about the price cost first, Jamie, and then I'll talk about construction.
Ronald D. Kropp: So on the price cost, as you probably have seen, it's gotten better as we’ve moved through 2011. So the beginning of last year, I think it was negative 100 basis points, then it was 80, then what's it was 50. And this quarter, it was 10. What we've seen is, especially in the fourth quarter, plastic and steel really going down but have stabilized in the first quarter. So we'll have some carryover benefit from some of the price increases we've put in place, especially in the back half of the year. So overall, in the first quarter, we're looking at between 10 and 20 basis points favorable margin impact. And for the full year, something like 30 to 40.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Positive.
Ronald D. Kropp: Positive.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, yes, David, just your thoughts on have we finally hit the inflection point?
David B. Speer: Finally hit the inflection point. Well, let me put it this way, Jamie. We have changed our view since December on residential housing in the U.S. In December, we were less bullish. We were more looking at a housing start number for the year that was close to 600. And I think our view now based on some activity levels we've seen over the last several months, we feel more comfortable with the numbers likely to be more like 650 to 670 for 2012, which would be a nice improvement over where we started. So, yes, we do expect some upside. And while we've seen some early indications of that, as you know, this is early in the year and too hard to pencil that in as a straight line, but we do see signs that suggest that we should finally see some reasonable improvements in 2012 in the residential housing numbers here in the U.S.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And what about your commercial construction, your thoughts?
David B. Speer: Well, commercial construction is made up of so many different categories. We've got some categories that are moving up and some that are still moving down. So all in, I think it will be slightly positive year for commercial construction here. But I don't think it'll be a strong overall year. We still got some of those categories that are large, that are still on a square footage awarded basis comping negative numbers. But there are categories like healthcare and some education categories, where we're seeing stronger positive comps. So I think it's going to be a mixed bag depending on project type. But it would show us some signs that I think as the year progresses, we should see better numbers coming out of Commercial.
Operator: Next question from Andy Kaplowitz.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: David, if we look at the global M&A markets, we had a strong maybe first 3 quarters for you guys last year, and then maybe slowed down a little bit and then you just did Brooks in January. And I think Ron had talked about 4% growth from acquisitions, which roughly equates to $700 million. But is there -- is that conservative? Is it possible that activity can pick up here? Are you seeing any signs of that?
David B. Speer: It's certainly possible activity could pick up. I mean, as we went into last year, we talked about the acquisition of [indiscernible] a lot and it changed a lot during the year because of the market conditions. And so we've been really trying to focus on those handful of deals that we think makes sense, and that are robust enough to stay in the pipeline and actually offer opportunity. So I would say to the pipeline, opportunities are there. The question is to whether they'll actually end up in transaction. So we clearly, given the nature of the deals we did last year, we were able to close several larger deals, which was part of our focus in some platforms that we really think have good long-term growth. Test & Measurement being one of those and Brooks being a fit there. And certainly the automotive aftermarket being another one, and a large deal we did with SOPUS early in 2011 being another one there. So we continue to remain optimistic. But frankly, the M&A environment is still challenging in terms of finding the right kinds of opportunities and fits at reasonable valuations. But I expect that we'll continue to be successful in finding those types of deals as we're diligently looking for those fits.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Ron, if I could ask you, maybe I'm confused, but if I look at the 1Q guidance, I see relatively decent revenue and maybe slightly lower than I expected incremental margins. And you just told us the price cost will be positive in 1Q. So if I look in maybe the restructuring you're doing for the year, is it more front-end loaded or is this something else going on in 1Q or am I just confused?
Ronald D. Kropp: It is more front-end loaded. Our overall estimate for the year is $70 million to $80 million. $25 million to $30 million of that we've got in the forecast for the first quarter. So that's having about a 50 basis point negative impact year-on-year in first quarter margins.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And so that's the big difference in the thinking?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. Also, acquisitions are having a greater impact in the first quarter than they had in the fourth quarter. Partly due to some of the stronger margin acquisitions like SOPUS, falling off and some of the other carryover acquisitions having lower margins.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. But no change in other things, no change in the core business, correct, Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: No, no.
David B. Speer: No. But it should be noted that the restructuring expenses, as we see them for 2012 will be much more directed towards international and, in particular, Europe as we get our businesses right sized from what we expect will be a very slow growth economic environment in Europe.
Ronald D. Kropp: We also had a very strong first quarter last year, so the comp is a bit difficult as well.
Operator: Next question from Ann Duignan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit just following on what you said about expectations for Europe, can you talk a little bit about how the quarter progressed? And we always use your industrial packaging business as kind of the leading indicator. Maybe you could tell us what you're seeing by country and by end market in the region?
David B. Speer: Well, Europe, as you saw from the fourth quarter numbers that I think John talked to, industrial packaging, the numbers there are relatively weak. And that's the second quarter in the row we've seen that. So we are seeing a pretty broad weakness across Europe. I mean, the stronger numbers are coming out of Germany but even the strength in Germany is lower than it was 2 quarters ago. So we're clearly seeing slowing across the European industrial markets in what we're seeing and which is reflective in our 2012 forecast. And overall, we see Europe as a flat market by and large for us for 2012. There will be some pockets where we'll see stronger growth. But industrial packaging, we expect will be one of those markets that we'll be seeing growth that will be in the low-single digits.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But flat overall isn't -- that's not that bad.
Ronald D. Kropp: No.
David B. Speer: No.
John L. Brooklier: Remember that when we talked -- when we're in New York, we were talking about our expectations for Europe for the year. And our expectations were basically sort of flattish, with more -- be more problematic in the first part of the year. And things getting a little bit better as the years progress. I don't think there's anything we've seen in our numbers that are -- that have been terribly surprising in any of our segments as it specifically relates to Europe. And as I said in my comments earlier, we've had some better than we expected in Welding, even parts of food equipment on the service side were a little better than we expected. But if you look at, to David's point, if you look at industrial packaging, which is the reasonable barometer, some of the industrial production activity there right now is reflective of sort of flat demand.
David B. Speer: But even with that, know that we said that in Q4, we had some reasonable increase in equipment sales in Europe in the industrial packaging area. So there are clearly signs that things are moving, but I'd say at a cautious and somewhat slow pace.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's exactly what I was looking for was just some color around how the quarter ended or progressed versus what you told us in December. Maybe you could tell -- speak a little bit to the same around the food service sales in North America. They were -- the equipment sales were much stronger. Do think that, that might have been driven somewhat by pull forward for 100% depreciation?
David B. Speer: Well, there's always -- in food equipment, North America, there's always some pull forward in the dealer network as they look at stocking incentives and things like that, that drive their behaviors. And that's a year-end phenomenon that we typically see. So clearly, some of that, but also, clearly, some pickup in demand in some categories where orders had been out there, if you will, and finally placed for deliveries. So I think we can see it’s some of both. Some of it's the normal year-end phenomenon of stocking the shelf heading into a new year and picking up on rebates and some of it’s actual project activity that's been released. But I think as we've highlighted for 2012, we don't expect the equipment side to be a huge step up in terms of increased activity. It's going to be largely dependent on CapEx and some new store formats, but we do expect to see continued improvement in the service business, which was up nicely on the quarter.
John L. Brooklier: And then, I think the fourth quarter typical pickup had very little to do with the tax incentives. It's really tied more to rebates and annual rebates.
Operator: Our next question is from Deane Dray.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First question is a bit controversial, but we need to get it aired out. And maybe you can share for us about this activist involvement and specifically, does it change any of the scope and time frame that you all talked about, your own internal simplification initiative?
David B. Speer: You're referring to the relational?
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That would be the one.
David B. Speer: Yes. Well, obviously, relational, like many of our stockholders have perspectives on our business, and we're pleased to engage them in understanding what their views are, which is what we did during the year. As it turns out, in our discussions with them over several different time periods, much of what relational was highlighting is things that we were already focused on. Some we had been more public in discussing and some we had not been. So clearly, there is -- there are some ideas they have that are much aligned with what we were already working on. So I think there's been a very productive dialogue and discussion with them.  As it relates to some of the initiatives that we've been working on, as you know, we've been talking for a while about driving more simplification. In our business, we've talked in the past about some of the things that we do on a centralized basis to do that. It's clear that as we look across our portfolio of businesses today, and particularly in the last 3 or 4 years where we've acquired hundreds of businesses and several billion dollars of additional revenue, it is time for us to go back and take a look further at those strategic sourcing opportunities for sure and also some of those structural opportunities that exist inside the business segments as we're grown in these segments now in some new areas that offer the opportunity for probably some more thoughtful level of consolidation and increased focus.  All things we can do without destroying the decentralized approach to end customer access, end customer intimacy. So, yes, I think to say that the production or the dialogue has been productive, I would say yes. It's largely been in line with things that we were already focused on and it will clearly, I think that those dialogues will clearly help, I think, accelerate our progress in those areas as we move forward, because we are committed and we remain focused on long-term shareholder value creation. And there's no question that hitting some of these complexities and simplicities will drive better returns in the long run, but without taking apart the successful model that the company has been built on and it is our 100th year anniversary.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is there anything in your guidance this year that's baking in either some special restructuring charges or actions on this simplification initiative? And how might we see this manifest during the course of 2012?
David B. Speer: There are no specifics built in around that, because we are still developing the parameters for what our expectations are. But it's clear that as we formulate specific plans, that as they become apparent and as we've begin to implement that those metrics will become clear and I expect will have some impact in 2012. But I would expect the larger impacts to come in 2013 and ahead as these plans, you might imagine, would take somewhat longer time to put in place and realize the significant benefits that could be available.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just last one for me related to this. Any update on the sale of the finishing business? And if you -- if this ends up being blocked, if that comes back into operating results, isn't that an accretive event?
David B. Speer: Let me answer about the process. I'll ask Ron to answer about the last part of the question. As you know, in April, we entered into a purchase agreement with Graco to sell the operations of our finishing business for $650 million in cash. Our goal all along has been to work with Graco and the FTC to get that completed. The FTC has raised a number of objections, which Graco is now in the process of addressing. And our hope is that in the coming weeks, that Graco will be able to get the FTC's clearance to move forward with the transaction, in which case, we hope to be able to close that transaction in the coming months. But obviously, FTC approval is paramount to making that happen or a consent order with some remedies that the FTC will find acceptable to make that happen. So that has not yet happened. And there's no clear timeline for that happening, although our lawyers tell us they would suspect that the FTC would reach some kind of a decision over the next 2 to 3 months. So that's where the process stands. I'll let Ron answer the second half of your question.
Ronald D. Kropp: So, Deane, if for some reason as we work through this process it ends up being blocked, certainly, we would want to explore other alternatives for this business, including do we want to have a broader sale process? So I wouldn't assume that it would necessarily come back into continuing operations immediately. But certainly, if it did, it would have some accretive impact. But I would not assume that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Let's just follow-up one final point. Is there a reasonable expectation that we can see an accelerated divestiture program from ITW? I mean, that's the part that keeps coming up when I talk to clients all the time as part of this agreement with the activists. So is that a reasonable expectation that maybe we'll see some more puts and takes? The acquisition program is well-developed but the divestiture is sort of been viewed as few and far between.
David B. Speer: Let me say this, Eli, we have ramped up our divestiture activities over the last 3 years. And certainly, we continue to look at the portfolio in that regard and certainly, the finishing business sale is a clear example of that. So, yes, we're spending more time on that. And we have, in fact, more businesses right now in the queue for divesture, potential divestures than we have in, certainly in my tenure at the company. So over the last, I think, 10 years, we've divested nearly 100 businesses. So while most of them have been smaller, there have been some that have been larger. So, yes, I would say that divestiture is something that clearly part of our ongoing look at our portfolio of businesses. And based on our current strategies and trajectory, I would expect that we would see more divestitures going forward.
Ronald D. Kropp: And, Eli, we can't really comment publicly around any specifics, around potential changes in the portfolio in advance of any [indiscernible].
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, just following on that. You indicated 81% of your acquisitions were in emerging markets this year, which is probably a very strong statement for the company. But in the last 6 to 12 months, we're looking at emerging markets that are quite muted as far as growth rates and likely to stay that way at least with the first part of 2012. Is there -- have you -- can you talk about the impact of the weaker emerging market economies on these acquisitions as they come into ITW? Is this causing a little more dilution than you expected? Are you handling this? Are you not seeing this weakness that we're hearing across the board and from a lot of countries? Can you give us some color on what's going on as we went through these 81% acquisitions?
Ronald D. Kropp: So first of all, Eli, the 81% of the acquired revenues relates to both emerging market, growth initiatives, as well as new platform opportunities. So that's not all emerging markets. Certainly, we did a number of deals in emerging markets, those tend to be the smaller bolt-on deals. I think we did 9 emerging market deals in 2011. And as we model out these acquisitions, especially given the high growth rates we've seen historically, we do build in some mitigation of that going forward. Obviously, places like China can't grow at 15% to 20% forever. So while certainly it will have impact on our results, it won’t have an overall impact on our investment returns or anything like that. And while emerging markets are muted, they're muted from high double-digit increases. So even next year, we're looking at high-single digits to low double-digit increases for Asia Pacific, for instance.
Operator: Next question from Andy Casey.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a lot of questions have been answered, but a question on the quarter. Can you give a little more detail on the food equipment operating margin, specifically the non-volume and overhead piece? Those kind have been bouncing around year-over-year each quarter this year and yet a pretty big improvement, 480 basis points in Q4. Can you give us a little more color behind that?
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, sure. So price costs was basically flat in that segment year-on-year. We had overall lower overhead cost that contributed about 110 basis points. We had some inventory-related adjustments, pickups in inventory reserves, change in inventory standard cost. This segment is also on LIFO, and there's some positive LIFO adjustments that had an impact. And then we had some overall improvements in variable margin rate that added 120 basis points. For a variety of reasons, mix is one. We also had some unfavorable issues in our service business last year in the fourth quarter. So all that together added up to positive 480 basis points.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Ron, on the price cost, should that improve as we go through 2012?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, definitely, I think the second quarter will be the strongest. And then if you remember, we started getting more and more price increases put in place in the back half of the year. So the impact of those will mitigate. So 10 basis point, 10 to 20 basis points in the first quarter; second quarter, stronger than that. Overall, for the year, 30 to 40 positive.
David B. Speer: And at the moment, we're seeing fairly stable prices for most of the major commodities. So lacking any further upward movement, I think Ron's point of view is that the trajectory should be reasonable going forward. But we have to wait and see. Steel and plastics have certainly leveled off at the moment, but they were fairly volatile mid-last year.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then one last one, just kind of a clarification, I think, of an answer that you gave to Eli's question about the divestitures and you answered, I believe, something to the effect of it's one of largest chunks of revenue that's been up for divestiture. Are you including the finishing business in that comment?
David B. Speer: Well, the finishing business is obviously up for divestiture, it's in discontinued operations at the moment and we're readily trying to sell it. So, yes, I would be including finishing in that comment.
Operator: Next question from Stephen Volkmann.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Wondering if you can just help me think about the incremental margin for 2012. It looks like, if I'm calculating it right, it's kind of low 20s is the way you've given your guidance at the midpoint. I guess, I felt like price cost probably is a slight positive for you in 2012. And obviously, you had some restructuring. I think we talked briefly about it in the analyst day, which should have some benefit as well and then I think you had a couple of fairly high margin acquisitions last year. So the step up accounting, the short-term step up on that was probably a little higher than usual. So I felt like there were a few tailwinds going into 2012 and so, I guess, I was a little surprised that the incremental wouldn't be a little higher. So I guess, what am I missing with the offset, or are we just being a little conservative?
Ronald D. Kropp: So what you're looking at is the total company incremental, which includes restructuring and acquisitions. The base is substantially higher than that, more typical in our 35% to 40% range for the year. So certainly, restructuring, higher restructurings, mitigating the overall company incrementals as well as acquisitions.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, that does it. And then just a quick one. Ron, I think you mentioned that you'd have a fair amount of cash left over for purchases and repurchases of stock. It looks like you have enough to do both your acquisitions and some repurchases. But then you said most of your cash is in Europe. Does that have any implication vis-à-vis repurchasing?
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, certainly, to the extent we have cash overseas, that's not just in Europe, but overseas generally, that makes it more difficult to use that for U.S. investments of which share repurchases is one. What we do is we tend to keep our cash overseas for overseas investments. So to the extent we're buying companies overseas, we use that cash. We also are using our overseas cash for emerging market investments, Greenfield investments, putting up plants in China, for instance. We could bring it back. There would be a tax cost to that and if we ever needed the cash, we would do that. But we're perfectly happy leaving it there for our overseas investment opportunities.
David B. Speer: And easier on a short term. Credit facilities is necessary, yes, sure.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. We have plenty of credit facility available and plenty of free operating cash flow in the U.S. in '11 and '12 to use for share repurchases or U.S. acquisitions.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And, I guess, I would assume on the divestiture commentary that, that might be a little more skewed toward North America?
Ronald D. Kropp: Not necessarily.
David B. Speer: I think the current pipeline with finishing in it, would describe it as such, but I wouldn't put that down as a thesis, no.
Operator: The next question from Henry Kirn.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The Welding business was really strong. Was there stronger-than-normal year end activity or any changes to competitive dynamics from the recent sale of one of the key competitors?
David B. Speer: I think the Welding business is just clearly continue to power along on a strength of a couple of really hot end markets. Oil & Gas and heavy equipment have been very, very strong and the demand and needs for equipment and consume [ph] is in those categories continue to strengthen. So those are the primary drivers in our view as to what's really driving that organization at the moment.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I would echo David's comments. If you look at it and you talk about it by geography, I mean, North America, very strong. But even the international side, diluted to some of the growth coming out of Europe and China, I mean, double-digit growth in both cases. Significant growth coming out of Europe, surprisingly strong growth. So I think it's a function of -- in a reasonable -- very, very strong demand, good positioning in terms of our products, good technology. This is a very, very strong business for us, and we remain optimistic about its prospects for 2012.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And on the decision to stop providing the monthly revenue updates, could you talk a little bit more about what went behind that and do you intend to update guidance less frequently as well?
John L. Brooklier: Well, I think to Ron's point, when he at least introduced the subject that we were going to eliminate it is that our belief is that over the last number of years, it's caused people to take a very, very short-term focus around not only revenues but organic revenues. And while we certainly note that organic revenues are important, we'll continue to report those out on the quarter. We'll give you all the components of organic revenue as we've always done. So I think our view is that on a quarterly basis, you're going to get more -- you'll get more trend data from us as it relates to all the different metrics. And so we don't think it's a big take away and it allows us to really focus on all the metrics that are important to ITW, not only revenues, but margins, Return on Invested Capital, things that are very, very important to the ITW story. So we think it's a more balanced approach on a go-forward basis.
David B. Speer: Much more reflective of the way we report our results internally and manage the business.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I would say -- around the topic of forecasting, updating around forecasting, we clearly have the ability to -- in public forums, as we're attending different conferences. We have the ability to give people trend data during the quarter. So our plan is to try to keep people abreast of the recent developments in the quarter and I think directionally, you'll be able to get a sense from us as what we're seeing in the quarters.
Operator: Next question from Rob Wertheimer.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: I just had one sort of bigger-picture question. Out of curiosity, it seemed as though at the investor day, you've talked and you've been talking today about some simplifications, some consolidation within units and maybe some 80-20 of the acquisition process itself resulting in higher quality or higher growth deals, maybe fewer of them. How has that impacted your business unit managers? The idea that you can sort of come and grow and add businesses below you and grow your way up the chain. Is that a cultural and philosophical shift? And are you doing anything proactively to do deal with it or is it maybe not that big a deal? I'm just curious what's bubbling up from the ranks.
David B. Speer: No, it is the shift, for sure. But we've been building momentum on that now for several years, talking about scale does matter on these acquisitions even at those levels. But first of all, strategy managers. So strategy is about how do these acquisitions fit with the long-term strategy and growth prospects of that segment? And so I think the process over the last several years has been moving the focus on acquisitions to really strong strategic fit with the segment that we're trying to grow and looking more at our business as a series of platforms. And where does that potential acquisition fit within that platform structure? How will it accelerate our growth in attractive markets? What kind of technology is it going to bring us? And how will that leverage longer-term profitable growth that we would find attractive as opposed to it's a deal in an adjacent space that we might be able to do something more with. So much more strategic and I think a much more thought through in terms of long-term impact, which means that it can still be a bolt-on acquisition, but the fit has got to be a lot stronger and a lot better vetted with, I think, more people than perhaps in the past.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: That’s helpful, David. And just one quick follow-up. Have you had any increased turnover at the business unit manager level? Are you able to retain the top-quality managers you've got in the same way?
David B. Speer: No, not to my knowledge, we haven't had any significant turnover. I haven't looked specifically at numbers at that level. But, no, we have not had any significant turnover as a result of what I just described. It clearly is a shift in terms of the way we ask them to think and operate but it's also still utilizing their skills of understanding their local markets and the opportunities and how to better leverage those against a larger platform view of how we strengthen our market positions on a global basis, which is what our customers in our markets expect today. Not just being strong in one geographic market in one country. Our major customers want us to be able to offer those opportunities on a global basis. And it's hard to do that if you're just looking at a one-off opportunity.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just one clarification, if I could, on the divestiture comment, Dave. I thought I heard you say you have more in the pipeline compared to what you've done in the last 10 years. And you've done about 100 divestitures. So was your comment more in terms of numbers are just the quantum?
David B. Speer: Just the quantum. I mean, it was really about -- I didn't mean to suggest we have more 100 in the pipeline. What I meant is that any moment in time, we would typically have 4 or 5 in the pipeline. And now we have somewhat more than that. And the process is more active as a result of our strategic planning process. We've done a portfolio review of our businesses within each platform and have identified those that could be likely divestiture candidates. So we have a much more robust process for dealing with that, which, I think, will lead to a more reasoned approach to how we manage the actual divestiture of businesses going forward.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Good clarification. And then on Brooks, looks like a nice add to the T&M platform. Maybe if you can talk about the opportunity to build that platform out further? And then just on Brooks, any color on margins and the synergy opportunities?
David B. Speer: Well, Brooks is as was pointed out, is a solid Test & Measurement business that comes with high margins and great growth prospects, well-positioned in some nice end markets that we think will bring some good long-term growth opportunities. A number of Brooks’ customers are also customers of others in our Test & Measurement group. As you can see from the slide that we presented, in the package today, well-spread revenues with about half the revenues coming from Asia, Europe and the Middle East and about half coming from North America, very much precision equipment that measures and controls the flow of gasses and fluids through electronic interfaces. So very precise use in the production of high-quality products, mobile computing, microchips, microelectronics, LED, life sciences. So some very interesting high-growth markets that we think will be good solid markets for us to continue to grow in. And you might notice some of these end markets are markets we've talked about in some of the other Test & Measurement acquisitions that we've done are also important like some of the acquisitions in the Instron area and with the Speedline electronics and others. So we think a very solid piece in a number of high-growing market spaces globally. And this is a market-leading position with good margins. So we think this is definitely something we can leverage into an even bigger business globally.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks to all who have joined us on the call today. We will talk to you later, and have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President David B. Speer - Chairman, Chief Executive officer and Member of Executive Committee John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eddie Szeto - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Dory. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to all who've joined us for ITW's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. As usual, our CEO, David Speer; and our CFO, Ron Kropp have joined us to discuss our third quarter financial results. Here is the agenda for today's call. David will join us shortly to focus on many of our third quarter highlights. Ron will then take you through our Q3 financial results. I will then cover our third quarter operating highlights for our reporting segments, and Ron will then detail our 2011 fourth quarter and full year forecasts. Finally, we will open the call to your questions. And as always, we ask for your cooperation for our "one question, one follow-up question" policy. We are targeting a one-hour completion time for today's call. Please let me remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing ops, diluted net income per share, restructuring expenses, free operating cash flow, acquisition activity, tax rates, end market conditions and the company's related 2011 earnings forecast. Please refer to our 2010 Form 10-K for more details on our forward-looking statements. One other housekeeping item: The telephone replay for this conference call is (203) 369-0637. No passcode is necessary. And the replay is available through midnight of February -- I'm sorry, of November 8, 2011. Now here's David Speer to talk about our third quarter highlights. David?
David B. Speer: Thank you, John. We are very pleased with our third quarter operating performance on a number of fronts. Both our total revenues and organic revenues were solid, coming in only modestly below our original expectations for the quarter. Total revenues grew 16.2% and organic revenues increased 6.2%. The vast majority of our diversified worldwide end markets were in reasonable shape. Ron will detail our full quarter 3 financial results in just a few moments, but it's noteworthy to highlight that our diluted EPS grew 25% in the quarter. We were especially happy to see the improvement in our free operating cash flow in the quarter. We generated more than $700 million of free operating cash in quarter 3. This represents a conversion ratio of 139% versus net income and gets us back on track to more traditional free cash flow generation metrics. In terms of how we utilize our free cash, we continue to implement a well balanced approach that target dividends, acquisitions and share buybacks. Here's what we accomplished in these targeted categories in the third quarter. First, we raised our annual dividend payout 6% in August 2011. We acquired annualized revenues of nearly $300 million during the quarter and year-to-date we've acquired annualized revenues of approximately $800 million. And we executed $400 million of share repurchases in quarter 3. And notably, year-to-date, we have now repurchased over 18 million shares for just under $1 billion. Finally, we took advantage of our strong financial profile and we issued $1 billion of long-term debt at very attractive rates. All in all, it was a very busy but a very productive quarter for ITW. Now let me turn the call over to Ron for the financial details.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the third quarter. Revenues increased 16% primarily due to higher base revenues, acquisition and translation. Operating income was $714 million, which was higher than last year by $95 million. Operating margins of 15.6% were lower by 10 basis points versus last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $1, which was higher than last year by $0.20 and was on the higher end of our forecast range of $0.95 to $1.03. Finally, free operating cash flow is very strong at $704 million or 139% of net income. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 16.2% revenue increase was primarily due to 3 factors. First, base revenues were up 6.2%, with North American base revenues increasing 7.8% and international base revenues up 4.2%. Next, currency translation increased revenues by 4.7%. Lastly, acquisitions net of divestitures added 5.3% to revenue growth. Operating margins for the third quarter of 15.6% were lower than last year by 10 basis points but higher than last quarter by 20 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 30 basis points versus last year, primarily due to the favorable impact of the higher sales volume, partially offset by the negative impact of non-volume items. Non-volume items reduced base margins by 120 basis points. Included in the non-volume impact for the third quarter was the unfavorable impact of price/cost, which reduced margins by 50 basis points. In addition, margins were lower by 20 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses and the dilutive impact of acquisitions reduced margins by 30 basis points. The net margins from acquisitions, including the amortization of intangibles and step-ups, were 9.1% for the quarter. Excluding this amortization, acquisition margins were 18.6%. When I turn it back over to John, he will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $5 million primarily due to the new long-term debt issued in August. And other income expense was favorable by $24 million mainly due to higher interest income and translation gains this year versus losses last year. The third quarter effective tax rate of 29% was lower than last year's rate of 30.2%. Excluding the onetime benefit in the first quarter related to the Australian tax case, the forecasted tax rate for the fourth quarter and full year 2011 is between 28.5% and 29.5%. Turning to the balance sheet. Total invested capital decreased $169 million from the second quarter, primarily due to lower working capital and currency translation. Accounts receivable DSO was 58.7 days versus 61.4 at the end of the second quarter. Inventory months on hand of 1.8 was lower than the 1.9 last quarter. For the third quarter, capital expenditures were $83 million and depreciation was $86 million. ROIC for the third quarter was 15.4%, which was lower than last year by 70 basis points, primarily due to acquisitions. On the financing side, our debt level increased approximately $490 million from the second quarter, due to the new long-term bonds we issued in August, partially offset by lower commercial paper borrowings and currency translation. Our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 32% from 28% last quarter. We issued long-term debt in August to take advantage of historically low long-term rates. Of the $1 billion in bonds we issued, $650 million were 30 years at 4.875% and $350 million were 10 years at 3.375%. We had cash on the balance sheet of $1.3 billion as of September 30, almost all of which is held overseas. Our cash position increased $88 million in the third quarter as our free operating cash flow of $704 million and additional net borrowings of $578 million were utilized for share repurchases of $400 million, acquisitions of $451 million and dividends of $167 million. Year-to-date, we have returned almost $1.5 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases, as well as investing $1.2 billion in acquisitions. During the third quarter, we acquired 8 companies which have annual revenues of $296 million. As a result, through 9 months of 2011, we have acquired 21 companies representing annualized revenues of $781 million. For the full year, we are forecasting acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on our third quarter operating results.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Starting with our Transportation segment. Our Q3 organic revenues grew 9.5% compared to the prior-year quarter. As usual, the segment's Q3 organic revenue growth was led by our auto OEM and tier businesses. Our auto businesses produced worldwide organic revenues of 9.2% versus a worldwide car build increase of 5%. That represents more than 4 points of penetration directly tied to new product innovation. Put another way, that's more ITW products on a growing number of auto platforms. In North America, our organic revenues totaled 6.9% as the new domestic producers, including Japanese OEMs such as Toyota, Honda and Nissan, produced approximately 150,000 more automobiles in Q3 versus Q2. Clearly, the Japan crisis of Q2 saw a favorable recovery in Q3. Internationally, our automatic -- automotive organic revenues increased 11.3% as Europe produced nearly 200,000 more cars in Q3 compared to Q2. Notably, our organic revenues in Asia grew nearly 27% in Q3. Both China and India helped drive top line growth in the quarter. For full year 2011, we are expecting auto builds in North America and Europe to be modestly lower than what we saw coming into the third quarter, but still at very healthy levels. In our auto aftermarket business, Q3 organic revenues grew 5.4%. The majority of growth came from the North American side of the business, and 2 developments helped our North American auto aftermarket business in the quarter. We saw a notable increase in the collision repair business and lower gas prices translated into more discretionary income to buy our maintenance and appearance products, so good news on that front. Finally, our truck remanufacturing business grew organic revenues 17.7% in the third quarter due to strong customer activity associated with oil and gas field exploration in the Western United States as well as Canada. Moving to Industrial Packaging. Segment's Q3 organic revenue grew 6.3% versus the year-ago period, reflecting stable industrial production fundamentals around the world. However, it's clear that the North American end markets were in fundamentally better shape than Europe. To illustrate the point, total North American Industrial Packaging grew organic revenues 8.1% while total international Industrial Packaging increased revenues a more modest 4.2%. In the strapping and equipment category, our North American Signode businesses grew organic revenues 12% while International organic revenues increased 3.7%. And similar to last quarter, the equipment portion of the business was growing at a faster rate than the consumable portion. On a worldwide basis, our stretch packaging equipment and consumables businesses grew organic revenues 10.3% while our protective packaging units increased organic revenues 4.7%. Moving to Power Systems and Electronics. Similar to what we saw in Q1 and Q2, this segment produced very strong organic growth in Q3 versus the year-ago period. Segment organic revenues grew 11.7% in the quarter, led once again by our welding business. Our worldwide welding organic revenues grew 20.2% in Q3, with North American welding organic revenues increasing a very robust 26.1%. The strong growth in North America was largely driven by high levels of activity associated with the oil and gas as well as heavy equipment end markets. On the international side, organic revenues grew 6.3% in the quarter, with China producing nearly 20% growth. Moving to the electronics side of the segment. This category grew a modest 1.7% in the quarter, but it was really a tale of 2 different parts of the business. Our PC board business grew organic revenues 9.1% as consumer demand for electronic products remained relatively strong. And please remember that the PC board organic growth was accomplished even with very difficult comparisons from Q3 '10. The other portion of our electronics business experienced more difficult conditions and produced an organic revenue decline of 2.6% in the quarter. In the Food Equipment segment, organic revenues declined 0.5% in the quarter versus the year-ago period as weak demand for institutional equipment was evident in both North America and internationally. In North America, overall organic revenues fell 0.8% in the quarter as equipment organic revenues declined 3.2%. Institutional demand for products has been muted by tighter CapEx spending for the private sector and tighter budgets for government entities. The good news was that the performance of the North American service business -- it produced organic revenue growth of 3.3% in the quarter. And this story of slower equipment purchasing was also evident internationally, with equipment organic revenues declining 1.9% due to tightening related to institutional spending. Like North America, we were pleased with our international service organic growth of 4% in the quarter. In Construction Products, segment organic revenues increased a modest 2.9% versus Q3 '10 due to positive growth contributions from North America and Europe. In North America, organic revenues grew a surprisingly strong 7.4% as all sectors of the businesses demonstrated product penetration gains and fundamentally trough end markets. In the residential business, organic revenues grew 6.8% even as housing starts averaged modestly above 600,000 units in Q3. In our commercial construction and renovation construction categories, organic revenues increased 5% and 9.5%, respectively. Internationally, European Construction organic revenues grew 3.3%, in part due to the ratcheting down of government spending. And in Asia Pacific, Construction produced an Q3 organic revenue decline of 1.7% due in part to housing softness in Australia and New Zealand. In the Polymers and Fluids segment, organic revenues showed improvement from earlier 2011 quarters as organic revenues totaled 8.2% in Q3 versus the year-ago period. Growth was driven from both the larger polymers sets of businesses and the smaller fluid portion of the segment. Worldwide polymer organic revenues grew 9% due to reasonable worldwide industrial production metrics and further penetration to the various niche markets we serve. International polymers grew organic revenues 10.2%, while North American polymers grew organic revenues 6.2%. In the fluids businesses, total organic revenues grew 5.7%, with both North America and the rest of the world contributing to growth. In the Decorative Surfaces segment, organic revenues delivered another quarter of better-than-expected organic revenue growth, with segment organic revenues increasing a healthy 8.7% versus the year-ago period. Growth was led by contributions from both our North American and international business units. In North America, organic revenues increased 7%, thanks to the consistent launch of premium laminate products especially those in the high definition category. These products have a similar look to natural stone but are at lower price points. The North American high-pressure laminate business also benefited from growth in the office furniture category, which is largely being driven by commercial construction renovation activities. Internationally, organic revenues grew 10.5% due to strong performance from a number of European and Asian businesses, including those in the U.K., China and Thailand. And finally in our last segment, of the All Other, segment organic revenues grew 3.1% in the quarter versus the year-ago period. Organic revenue growth was directly the result of our Test and Measurement business. For this business, organic revenues increased a strong 11.2% as capital spending in their end markets helped drive equipment orders to healthy levels in a variety of geography. Notably, organic revenues in China grew 22% in the quarter and Test and Measurements' organic revenues totaled 6.2% in Europe. The story, unfortunately, was not as favorable for our consumer packaging and industrial/appliance businesses. In Q3, consumer packaging's organic revenues were flat as strength in the decorating business was offset by slowdown in demand for beverage packaging products. And not surprisingly, our industrial/appliance businesses saw organic revenues decline 4.9% in Q3. And this concludes my segment remarks. I'll now turn the call over to Ron, who will cover our 2011 forecast. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp: For the fourth quarter of 2011, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.86 to $0.94. The low end of this range assumes a 9.5% increase in total revenues versus 2010 and the high end of the range assumes a 12.5% increase. The midpoint of the EPS range would be 36% higher than last year. For the full year 2011, we have moved our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations to $4.04 to $4.12. This new range essentially encompasses the low end of our previous range. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 15.1% to 15.9%. The new midpoint of $4.08 would be 42% higher than 2010 and is $0.05 lower than our previous midpoint of $4.13. This $0.05 decrease in the midpoint is comprised of a positive Q3 of $0.01, offset by fourth quarter decreases of $0.03 related to currency translation, $0.02 related to lower revenues and $0.01 due to higher restructuring costs. Other assumptions included in this forecast are: exchange rates holding at current levels; acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion; restructuring costs of $50 million to $60 million for the year, which is $10 million higher than the previous assumption; and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for the fourth quarter and full year, excluding the impact of the first quarter favorable Australian tax case. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. As I said earlier, we ask that you honor our "one question, one follow-up question." We'll start with the questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Amy -- excuse me, Ann Duignan with JPMC.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Ingrid Aja standing for Ann. Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in Europe? Is it across all businesses, or is it more concentrated in certain segments?
David B. Speer: What we've seen in Europe? Well, in Q3, the overall European numbers came in, in the 3.8% range in terms of total organic growth, so a reasonably good quarter. We saw -- I wouldn't say we've seen any disparity in any particular segments there. I mean, the appliance segment is probably the only segment of great note this week, but the auto segment's been good, the Construction segment's been reasonable there. Our Test and Measurement businesses have done well there. So I'd say it's pretty evenly spread in terms of what we saw in performance during the quarter.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But looking forward to your Q4, you had noted that softer trends in Europe. So I was just wondering which segments specifically?
David B. Speer: Well, I think, as you've looked at the -- some of the industrial production numbers have softened a bit there. And I think, going forward, we'd expect to see -- some of these trends, we've seen come down from Q2 to Q3. We came down in growth rates in Europe and we're expecting that we'll see some modest slowing in Q4 in our numbers as well. So I wouldn't call it anything dramatic or any particular single market that we're looking at.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, you noted $300 million in acquired revenues in the quarter. I was just wondering if, given the macro economic environment and the dislocation we've seen in the market, has there been any change in the acquisition environment? Any change in multiples? Are targets more anxious to sell?
David B. Speer: I would say that there's not been a lot of change since last quarter. It still remains a market that, I think, there are opportunities out there, but valuations still, from historical standards, remain relatively high. And so we've kept our discipline in our pricing on acquisitions. But I think the pipeline at the moment is reasonable. But it's the -- we're heading towards the end of the year so it's always variable as to what we think we have in the pipeline that might actually close. But I would characterize the environment as largely similar, some uncertainty in the acquisition environment related to economic trends. It always cast a bit of a pall over it. But on the other hand, plenty of liquidity, which is keeping valuations in many segments at pretty high historic levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays Capital.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So you saw a large reversal in your construction base revenue between 2Q and 3Q. What do you think it says about the overall markets? I know you talked about penetration. But also, your dec surfaces business has been doing well too, regarding commercial Construction. So how do we characterize commercial and even residential, which showed some growth?
David B. Speer: Well, I -- one month isn't a trend in residential. I mean we've seen some nice turnaround in some numbers here recently, but we're still at historically low levels. So while we're happy with the performance, given the trough scenario that John described earlier, I would hardly say that we're seeing a -- the end of the tunnel here yet. But clearly, we're pleased with what we saw during the quarter. I think the way that I would describe it is, residential has been bouncing along at this bottom between 500,000 and 600,000 housing starts on an annualized basis, changing monthly over the last almost 1.5 years now. So it's clear that, I think, a bottom has formed at that level, but how we're going to accelerate from that bottom is going to depend, I think, largely on what happens on a number of fronts. Certainly, the mortgage market, some of this refinancing that's being talked about. But people aren't going to be building new homes in significantly higher volumes until we start to see the housing market begin to function again, which means some stabilization in housing prices and working out some of the mortgage issues that still remain: foreclosures, mortgage rates, et cetera. So while we've been able to take advantage of some of this short-term, in terms of penetration gains, I think we're still fundamentally at almost a record-low level here, in terms of housing activity here. The Decorative Surfaces market, our end markets, that business is a business that is about 2/3 commercial now in North America, so it relies more on commercial. And a lot of the commercial markets, they rely on our renovation-related -- retail outlets, as an example, office refurbishments, things like that, that have in fact improved somewhat over the course of the year. So we're happy to see those improvements as well. On a square footage basis, the Dodge Construction data in August showed that the year-over-year comparisons are down now only 6% compared to last year. So we're probably seeing the bottom in the equivalent of construction start activities on the commercial side, with even some categories having actually shown some positive comps year-over-year during the quarter, like commercial construction showing 4%, improvement warehouses are up 15%. And still, some negative numbers in there as well: Education and healthcare are the ones that are the biggest negatives at the moment. So I think we're seeing a similar floor sort of form in commercial in terms of start activity but, again, at some pretty low levels historically.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. The other big topic, I think, that people ask about is China. You showed good organic growth in the quarter but a lot of moving pieces. It seemed like a lot of the commentary was actual improvement in China. So maybe you could just comment on, overall, what you're seeing and what businesses maybe are strong and maybe some that are not as strong?
David B. Speer: Well, I think John highlighted some of those in his comments. I'll try to recap a few of them. I mean, the auto business has been quite strong for us in China, as John highlighted in his comments earlier. The segment revenue data in China was up -- or I should say, between China and India, it was up in the mid-20s for the quarter. Our Test and Measurement business has done well in China, mid-teen growth rates there, in those businesses. So I think it's spread across a number of different end markets. And I think our China business, overall, with the exception of those that are concentrated on the consumer electronics categories where we've seen more weakness lately, I think most of the China businesses have been performing in modestly double digits, up to the mid-20 kind of double-digit organic growth rates. So we're not seeing any significant change other than electronics.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, so it's fair to say you're not seeing significant slowing in the business, it's still performing pretty well overall?
David B. Speer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Peter Chang for Jamie. So the price/cost relationship, as you guys alluded to during the last call, was negative for the third quarter. How should we be thinking about that, going into Q4? I know you guys had talked about your price increases would start impacting that. And then I wanted to kind of dovetail that into -- your incremental margins are going to be pretty strong in Q4 albeit against an easy comp. Where should we be thinking about those in 2012 in sort of a slow-growth environment? I mean, are we talking mid-teens here or sort of in the low 20% range?
Ronald D. Kropp: So on price/cost, as we've talked about all year, we've been battling cost increases all year. The costs have stabilized in the third quarter, in some cases have gone down in certain categories. So our price/cost overall for the quarter, for the total company, is negative 50 basis points. We expect that to be flat year-on-year in the fourth quarter but an improvement sequentially from the third quarter of this year to the fourth quarter of about 20 basis points. So we have been putting a lot of price increases in place throughout the year. Costs have stabilized, so that'll be less of an issue as we move forward here. Regarding margins, we do expect margins to be significantly higher than last year. Last year, we had relatively low margins in the fourth quarter, in the 12.5% range. We had a very tough December internationally due to weather and some other issues, so we do have an easy comparable. We expect margins to be in the 14.5% to 15.5% range in the fourth quarter. We won't -- we can't really comment on margins for the full year at this point. We typically don't look forward to 2012 at this point in the year.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's fair, I thought I'd give it a shot. One more, if I may. The $1.3 billion in cash, most of it's held overseas. Do you guys have a breakdown of that geographically?
Ronald D. Kropp: I don't have it off-hand. But generally, there's a fair amount in Europe, there's a fair amount in Asia and Australia. So typical, where we earn the revenues, that's where the cash is. And we hold that overseas and try to reinvest it in the business as well as make overseas acquisitions. Certainly, there's a tax cost of bringing it back to the U.S. and that's why we haven't brought it back.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch with Bank of America.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Did you see any weather-related benefits to your Construction businesses in North America? 3M called out a strong roofing granule business because of the hurricane. I'm just wondering if you had any associated benefit that you could perhaps tell?
David B. Speer: We have, John, we have a modest presence in the residential roofing market, but I wouldn't have any data that would, at the moment, suggest that we saw any improvement there. And we do also have a modest amount of revenue in the commercial roofing segment. And I know, from having visited a couple of our businesses in that segment during the quarter, that they've in fact saw some improvement in their demand based on some retrofitting and reroofing jobs that were weather-related. But none of those would be significant enough to have provided any commentary in our call today.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I know. And even I wasn't just thinking roofing but just, in general, because of weather. I don't know, I was just speculating.
John L. Brooklier: We did pick up a little bit of incremental growth in the welding area, around the power systems, associated with the hurricane. So typically, what happened: power goes out, we and other companies ship in generators, things of that sort. So, it helped a little bit in the Q3 for our welding business, in North America in particular.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, well, that makes sense. I want to square up your commentary around consumer electronics demand being relatively solid. I mean, 3M missed numbers on the back of consumer electronics weakness and, whether it be Philips or other companies and just some of the macro data, suggesting that there's a material softening underway. Why is your business different? Is it -- do you think it's a mix issue, a channel, the way you kind of go to market issue? Maybe just help us on that, kind of square those 2 dynamics.
David B. Speer: Well, first of all, I don't think we said our consumer electronics business was strong. If we did, I think -- I don't think that statement was what we intended to say, if it came out that way. I think what we said was the demand for some of our consumer electronic products remained strong mainly in the smartphone market, not -- and somewhat reasonable still, in some of the computer-related markets, but we're not really into electronics on a broad-category basis in terms of display systems and things like that, if that's what you're referencing. So I would say, what we've seen on the demand side has been more related to some of the smartphone markets and some of the higher-end chip markets where we have reasonable penetration. But in terms of actual consumer end products, beyond those, our products end up in a lot of different industrial electronic applications as well.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I know. The scripts says, "our PC board business" as it pertains to "consumer demand for electronic products remained relatively strong." So is that mix tied to what you just described, David, smartphones and tablets...
David B. Speer: Yes, it does, John. I apologize. Yes, that's exactly what it's tied to.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. So overall, how would you just characterize kind of your consumer electronics exposure and the position? Do you expect it to kind of hold? Or I mean, obviously, you can see the data points like everyone else. Do you expect it to sort of hold or soften a little bit, or what?
David B. Speer: I would expect, based on the trajectories we've seen in those segments, that we would expect some softening in Q4. And we've built that into our guidance already, yes. Remember also, John, that our PC board business is about 70% equipment, 30% consumable. So we still see the front end of the equipment, particularly as they launch some of these newer products, the equipment sales are still relatively strong because many of these newer products that are being launched require new equipment configurations.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, that's helpful. Just lastly, would you be considering any kind of cash repatriation, given that -- your commentary that the bulk of your cash is resident overseas? But clearly, you still want to do deals in North America.
Ronald D. Kropp: Certainly, it's something we look at all the time. There is a tax cost to bring it back. And the economics around it is, what's the tax burn versus the investment, et cetera? We've been lucky to have enough capital and enough debt capacity in the U.S. to fund all our U.S. investments. And we are making a lot of investments overseas, both from a merging market perspective as well as acquisitions. So we do look at it on a continuous basis to the extent that, if there was any kind of tax law change with the repatriation holiday, we would certainly take advantage of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with Citigroup.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: For the fourth quarter guidance, I know you gave the total revenues within the range. Do you bracket what the base revenue assumption is for the fourth quarter?
Ronald D. Kropp: The base is in the 5.5% to 6.5% range.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a question on restructuring. And this is a question that would suggest going beyond just the incremental restructuring that you're looking to do in the fourth quarter and is already in your guidance. But it sounds like ITW is in the preliminary stages of what could be a significant portfolio restructuring or simplification. So I recognize that this is real early and you're probably going to want to talk more about this in December, but perhaps you could just frame for us today what that scope might be, potential timing and, just to clarify, what you're thinking about along those lines?
David B. Speer: Well, Dean, I think what I would say is that the restructuring that we've indicated in the Q4 numbers are obviously a result of 2 things. One is, we do see some slowing in some end markets that would require some level of restructuring already, which we're focused on, and the increased activity level in acquisitions over the 1.5 years, which also feeds restructuring projects. Those are probably the 2 primary reasons for the higher fourth quarter level. In terms of what we would expect to see, in terms of restructuring in 2012 and ahead. Obviously, we haven't cast any of those numbers yet, but as we look at what we would expect to see from an economic standpoint next year, it may well lead to us looking at further restructuring to size our businesses according to what we might see the economic activity levels to look like. But it'd be premature to talk about that at this stage since we haven't really gone through all of that analyses yet. But in terms of our continuing business simplification efforts, those remain underway and have always been integrated in our restructuring plans and programs along the way. So there's nothing at the moment that we would highlight as it relates to 2012 or any of that activity. But certainly, as our plans for 2012 begin to firm up and as we begin to look ahead to what the economic scenarios look like, we'll certainly share more of that at our Investor Day in December. But we really don't have anything that, at the moment, I would flag.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, last one for me. On Automotive Aftermarket, just if you could update for us the expectations for that business in terms of where you grow from here. It looks like there's further investments to be made. And just remind us, it doesn't look like there's much in the way of synergies with your OEM side, and perhaps that's the attraction.
David B. Speer: There is not any significant synergy between the Automotive Aftermarket business and our OEM business. The OEM business is selling really product into the OEMs as vehicle parts and components. The aftermarket business is really broken into several categories: maintenance products, repair products and then the appearance product categories. So those are all unique products that don't cross over at all with our OEM business. The Automotive Aftermarket has obviously some different growth trends: Miles driven are an important factor, and age of vehicles. It's a particularly attractive market overseas in the maintenance and repair categories. And here -- in the repair category and the appearance categories are probably of higher growth and higher interest. So they operate differently globally, the end markets in Automotive Aftermarket. But it's an that we've been flagging for the last 3 or 4 years as we have acquired several businesses in that space. And we like the underlying dynamics of the space. We think it's got a nice growth characteristic and we like the margin profile of the businesses that we've been able to put together in our portfolio in the Automotive Aftermarket category. And you may recall, we highlighted that as one of our future growth platforms last year. And I think we will continue to focus on that as we see the opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research.
Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: The non-volume hit your margins of 120 basis points. You called out 50 impact from price/cost. What is the other?
Ronald D. Kropp: The biggest piece of the other relates to a variety of corporate adjustments, the biggest being a mark-to-market on our value of our life insurance policies, which cost us about 50 basis points.
Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. I'll ask you about that one offline, that's a new one on me. Okay. Then, given -- there's -- you've talked about kind of slowing activity in a variety of areas and a little more cautious here in the fourth quarter. But you just, in your answer to a previous question, pointed out that the 4Q base is looking like 6% at the midpoint, which is on top of the 3Q level. I know that we're talking about an easier comparison, but that doesn't look like a particularly dramatic slowdown. Can you kind of square up the caution with the actual numerical guidance that's still pretty reasonable?
Ronald D. Kropp: We had built in 7% in organic growth when we did our forecast last quarter.
David B. Speer: Yes, our original forecast, so it's modestly down from what our forecast had been originally for Q4. But as you point out, very much in line with what we actually saw in Q3. So I think what we've seen is at least some moderation and slowdown. You may recall that our original forecast for Q3 was also closer to 7% and we came in at 6.2%, so we've seen some modest level of slowing. I think that's what we would anticipate as we look ahead to Q4, a similar range but not anything dramatic.
Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Final clarification on your acquired revenue outlook. We're almost at the lower end of your range and you've been clicking off 200-plus per quarter. Is it -- are you signaling that, suddenly, there's been a pretty big gap that's emerged between the buyers and the sellers attitude towards valuations? Or are you just being cautious?
David B. Speer: Well, there's a lot of variables that go into citing that number. Obviously, it's based on what we see in the pipeline at the moment and what transactions we think could likely close during the quarter, and I think it's based on that. I think I commented earlier about the environment. I think the environment, from a valuation standpoint, still remains, in my view, challenging. There's still a lot of expectations of higher valuations that we're not comfortable with. That has some impact on how we would look at the success rate, if you will, on closing some of the things that are in the pipeline. So I think it's probably a twofold question. One is, we're close to the end of the year and there's always things that move around in the pipeline and so, trying to predict accurately what the exact number will be for Q4, and therefore, for the year, is a little more challenging. And secondly, the things in the pipeline that the valuations could change in the last 30 days, and we may elect not to be in. So it is a more volatile environment in that regard. So it -- a little more caution in our look at the pipeline as we provide these sort of updates on what we see happening is probably reasonable, given the environment.
John L. Brooklier: And Mark, also, the fourth quarter tends to be a slower quarter for acquisition activity generally, anyway, because of the holidays. So if you don't have the deal all ready to go before the Christmas season, it tends to fall into the next year.
Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And Ron, what was the pipeline? I think I missed that earlier.
Ronald D. Kropp: The range is $800 million to $1 billion.
Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: No, the size of the pipeline at present?
Ronald D. Kropp: I don't think we disclosed that.
Mark Edward Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: The pending deal portfolio, the pipeline that you guys often mention?
David B. Speer: Mark, we don't have that number with us here but we'll see if we can find that. But it's probably somewhere in the $500 million to $700 million range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eddie Szeto with Goldman Sachs.
Eddie Szeto - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just looking at your capital allocation policy. It looks like you guys just did $400 million of buyback this quarter -- $400 million this quarter, $550 million last quarter. Any change in kind of the buyback attitude or preferences for free cash?
Ronald D. Kropp: No real change. We've always wanted to have a balanced capital allocation, and certainly, depending on the environment, the mix of the different components changes. We -- as we talked about, year-to-date, we've returned to shareholders almost $1.5 billion in dividends and share repurchases and we've spent $1.2 billion on acquisitions. So we've been able to remain relatively balanced. We are slightly above the high end of our target debt-to-cap range of 20% to 30%, but we've always said that's a guideline and we're willing to go above that for the right kind of investments.
Eddie Szeto - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just on the repurchase for 3Q, could you give us some sense of the balance of that over the 3 months? Was it more September-weighted? Or anything, that would be helpful.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, we don't typically disclose that.
David B. Speer: We were active throughout the quarter, let's just put it that way.
Eddie Szeto - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then do you guys have any updates on the finishing business, the divestiture there? That would be helpful.
David B. Speer: We continue to work with Graco and the FTC to gain the FTC approval. I think, as was noted in our last call, there was a second request made by the FTC for additional information, which we and Graco have provided. And we're working through the remaining questions the FTC has with the hopes of getting their approval and clearance sometime in the next 60 days or so.
Eddie Szeto - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just last question for me. It looks like you guys have a $24 million, $25 million other income item this quarter. Just anything there would be helpful.
Ronald D. Kropp: The biggest component in there, we had translation gains that were favorable versus last year by about $10 million. These are assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency. In this case, U.S. dollars, held by international operations. And as you know, the dollar strengthened significantly, especially in the month of September. Next question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So just first on Industrial Packaging, and I apologize if you already answered this question. I jumped on late. Looks like North America base revenues came in very nice, 8.1%. Maybe any color by what you saw sequentially? And then, any early read into October?
David B. Speer: Well, I don't have the sequential data for the quarter, if that's what you mean. But I think what I would say is that we have seen, as I think John pointed out in his earlier commentary, the equipment businesses have remained stronger than the consumable businesses, equipment businesses still in -- modestly in the double digits and the consumable businesses in the lower-single digits. So we're seeing they're pretty much in line with the activity levels that we would've expected at this stage in those businesses. I don't really give you a read on Q4 that's much different than what we saw in Q3. The early look at our Q4 numbers would suggest, sort of in line with what we saw, overall growth to be, on a comparable basis, probably up in the mid-single digits for the category as we head into Q4. But not a lot more flavor than that at this stage, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up on that pricing discussion. It sounds like you expect pricing materials to be a positive in the fourth quarter. Any early thoughts into expectations for next year, assuming materials remain where they are? Would you expect to keep pricing? Or could you give back some pricing as materials ease?
Ronald D. Kropp: Ajay, so first of all, to clarify, the price/cost fourth quarter '11, expected versus fourth quarter '10, we expect to be flat year-on-year --
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: But I thought you said sequentially that's a positive?
Ronald D. Kropp: Sequentially, it's positive because what we do -- yes, as we put price increases in place, we expect to hold those even as costs moderate a bit. So that's what we would expect going forward here. Assuming that raw material costs stay where they're at, that should be some benefit into '12.
David B. Speer: So on a relatively stable environment, Ajay, what we would normally see is that the prices will generally hold. In some cases, we have to provide some price relief if the commodity costs go down, but we generally are able to protect margins better in a declining commodity environment than obviously we are in a rising one. Our view at the moment for 2012 on most of these commodities is we'd expect to see a relatively stable environment entering the year, which means that, when we do develop our final numbers for 2012, we'd expect to probably see some positive price comp -- price/cost comps for the year.
Operator: At this time, we have no additional question.
John L. Brooklier: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We appreciate you participating in the call, and we'll be talking to many of you later. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That does conclude the call at this time. All participants may disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Speer - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Ronald Kropp - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President John Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the ITW Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
John Brooklier: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to all who've joined us for ITW's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. As usual, joining me this morning is our CEO, David Speer; and our CFO, Ron Kropp, to discuss our second quarter financial results. David Speer will now make some introductory remarks. David?
David Speer: Thank you, John. Our second quarter revenues finished slightly lower than our original forecast, as we experienced some modest slowing in industrial markets. We had good activity in the acquisition front, and we also repurchased shares during the quarter. Here are the highlights. Our total revenues grew 17.5% in the quarter, with contributions from organic revenues, acquired revenues and currency translation. However, our total revenue growth was 100 basis points lower than what we originally forecasted in April. Organic revenues increased 6.3% versus the year-ago period, but underperformed our original forecast to 7.5%. A combination of modest slowing in industrial production metrics in both Europe and the U.S., along with the Japanese crisis, translated into a bit slower growth in the second quarter. However, it's important to note that we firmly believe our overall end markets will continue to be in a long-term recovery mode.  Acquisitions net of divestitures added 4.8%, and currency translation contributed 6.3% to total revenue growth. While operating margins of 15.4% decreased 50 basis points, base operating margins increased 30 basis points, acquisitions and restructuring negatively impacted operating margins during the quarter by 90 basis points. I remind everyone our net income per share was $0.99 before considering the $0.03 per share impact of discontinued operations that we highlighted in our June release. During the quarter, we also repurchased stock of $550 million or approximately 9.7 million shares. Finally, we acquired 7 companies in the second quarter, bringing our first half 2011 acquired revenues total to an annualized revenue of $485 million. When you add the 3 additional companies we acquired thus far in July, including our acquisition of Despatch Industries that we announced yesterday, our current total of acquired revenues exceeds more than $700 million year-to-date. Remember, we had set an acquired revenue range for the year originally of $800 million to $1 billion earlier in our guidance.  We believe the acquisition environment continues to be promising, and we look forward to more results in the second half. Now, let me turn it back over to John.
John Brooklier: Thank you, David. Here is the agenda for today's call, Ron will join us shortly to discuss Q2 financial highlights. I will then cover Q2 operating highlights for our 8 reporting segments. Ron will then return to detail 2011 third quarter and full year forecast. Finally, we'll open the call to your questions. As always, we ask your cooperation for our one question, one follow-up question policy. We're targeting a completion time of one hour for today's call. Moving along, let's cover the traditional housekeeping items. This conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitation, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing operations, diluted net income per share, restructuring expenses, acquisition activity, tax rates, end market conditions and the company's related 2011 earnings forecast. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is (402) 220-9704. No passcode is necessary. The replay is available through midnight of August 9, 2011.  Now, let's move along and have Ron Kropp discuss our second quarter 2011 results. Ron?
Ronald Kropp: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Before I run through the financial results for the second quarter, I'd like to remind you that as we announced in late June, we have reclassified certain businesses as discontinued operations. All 2010 and 2011 data presented, including forecasts, reflect this reclassification. As part of this, I'd also like to remind you that we had revised our forecast range in our June release from $0.99 to $1.05 to $0.95 to $1.01. Now here are the highlights for the second quarter. Revenues increased 18%, primarily due to higher base revenues, acquisitions and translation. Operating income was $711 million, which was higher than last year by $85 million. Operating margins of 15.4% were lower than last year by 50 basis points. Diluted income per share for continuing operations was $0.96, which was higher than last year by $0.17. This EPS of $0.96 compares with our forecast range of $0.95 to $1.01. Finally, free operating cash flow is $225 million.  Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 17.5% revenue increase was primarily due to 3 factors. First, base revenues were up 6.3%, with North American base revenues increasing 7.4% and international base revenues up 5.1%. Next, currency translation increased revenues by 6.3%. Lastly, acquisition net of divestitures added 4.8% to revenue growth. Operating margins for the second quarter of 15.4% were lower than last year by 50 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 30 basis points primarily due to the favorable impact of the higher sales volume, partially offset by the negative impact of non-volume items. Non-volume items reduced base margins by 120 basis points. Included in the non-volume impact for the second quarter were the unfavorable impact of price costs which reduced margins by 80 basis and a one-time gain related to a licensing settlement last year which had an unfavorable margin impact of 30 basis points this year. In addition, margins were lower by 30 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses, and the dilutive impact of acquisitions reduced margins by 60 basis points. When I turn it back over to John, he'll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, other income expense was favorable by $30 million due to higher interest income and higher investment income. The second quarter effective tax rate of 29.0% was lower than last year's rate of 31.7%. Excluding the one-time benefit in the first quarter related to the Australian tax case, the forecasted tax rate for the rest -- for the full year 2011 is between 28.5% and 29.5%. Turning to the balance sheet. Total invested capital increased $622 million from the first quarter, primarily due to higher working capital and currency translation. Accounts receivable DSO was 61.4 days versus 61.1 at the end of the first quarter. Inventory months on hand of 1.9 was consistent with last quarter. For the second quarter, capital expenditures were $88 million and depreciation was $84 million. Return on invested capital for the second quarter was 15.6% versus 16.3% in the second quarter last year. On a financing side, our debt level increased approximately $725 million from the first quarter due to higher commercial paper borrowings and currency translation. Our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 28% from 24% last quarter. Our cash position increased $146 million in the second quarter as our free operating cash flow of $225 million in addition of borrowings of $695 million were utilized for share repurchases of $550 million, acquisitions of $205 million and dividends of $170 million. During the second quarter, we acquired 7 companies, which have annual revenues of $156 million. As a result, for the first half of 2011, we have acquired 13 companies, representing annualized revenues of $485 million. For the full year, we are forecasting acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion. I'll now turn it back over to John, who'll provide more details on our second quarter operating results.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Starting with our Transportation segment, our 2011 Q2 organic revenues grew 7.4% compared to the year-earlier period. Segment operating margins of 14.9% were 90 basis points lower than the year-ago period, mainly due to a large acquisition we closed in the second quarter in the auto aftermarket space. The organic revenue growth in Q2 was mostly attributable to our automotive OEM businesses. While our worldwide automotive OEM business produced organic growth of 7.5% versus the year-ago period, there was clearly a production impact from the Japan disaster. Case in point, North America auto builds increased only 1% in Q2 due to production decreases from the new domestic OEMs. But while North American production lagged, our base revenue growth of 6.6% in Q2 underscored our ongoing product platform penetration gains. In Europe, we had similar penetration success. While Q2 European auto production grew 4%, our base revenues increased 8.2% for the same time period. All in all, we had solid automotive results in the quarter even with the production and component problems stemming from Japan. For the full year 2011, we believe North American auto builds will be in a range of 12.9 million to 13.1 million units, and European auto builds will be in a range of 19.8 million to 20.20 million units. These auto build projections represent year-over-year increases of 9% and 6%, respectively. Finally, in our auto aftermarket businesses, we had modest Q2 organic growth of 1.3%, mainly due to elevated gas prices and the resulting lower miles driven by consumers.  Moving to the Industrial Packaging segment, Q2 organic revenue growth of 9.6% versus year-ago period continue to reflect reasonable industrial production fundamentals around the world, with North America leading the way. Segment operating margins of 10.9% were 20 basis points higher than Q2 '10. And in the most recent Q2, our total North American Industrial Packaging units increased organic revenues 11.2%, while total international Industrial Packaging organic revenues grew 7.6%. Breaking down the underlying numbers from those numbers, North America strap and related equipment organic revenues grew 8.8% with North America increasing 12.9% and international growing 6.2%. For both geographies, the equipment portion of the strapping business produced double-digit growth in the quarter. Another area of strength for us was the protective packaging units which produced organic revenue growth of 11.3% in the second quarter.  Moving to Power Systems and Electronics, the segment had another quarter of strong organic growth. Segment organic revenues grew 11.9% versus the year-ago period due to strong contributions from both the welding and segments of the electronics businesses. Segment operating margins of 20.6% were 50 basis points higher than Q2 '10. Notably, our worldwide welding organic revenues grew 18.2% in Q2 due to strong demand from heavy equipment, OEMs and industrial manufacturers. Specifically in North America, our welding organic revenues grew a robust 19.9%. And nearly as impressive, our international organic revenues increased 14.1%, with Europe and Asia-Pacific both contributing to top line growth. In Electronics, this category grew 4.1% in Q2, and the growth was mainly attributable to our PC board specialty equipment businesses that increased organic revenues double-digit in Q2. Organic growth, as in the past, was directly tied to consistent demand for consumer electronic products, such as PDAs, smartphones and iPads. Moving to the Food Equipment segment. Saw summary, retrenchment in the international demand, and as a result, organic revenues grew approximately 2% in Q2 versus the year-ago period. As a result, segment operating margins of 13.6% were 20 basis points lower than Q2 '10.  The Q2 story was simple. Equipment sales going internationally were relatively strong in North America. Internationally, organic revenues declined 0.4% in Q2, with equipment base revenues decreasing 2.8%. Our French cooking business was impacted by lower government spending levels than originally anticipated. And elsewhere in Europe, we also exited some revenues associated with lower-growth, lower-margin customers. The better news was that international service base revenues grew 2.1% in the quarter. Moving to North America, organic revenues grew 4.2%, with equipment base revenues increasing 6.2%. From an end market standpoint, chain restaurants and healthcare continue to show growth in the second quarter. In the service side of the business, organic revenues grew 3% in North America. Moving to the Construction Products segment, organic revenues declined 2.2% in Q2 versus the year-ago period as demand moderated in Europe and our Asia-Pacific businesses dealt with pricing issues. In addition, North American markets remained very weak, as characterized by low housing start numbers and what I would describe as troughed commercial construction activity. Segment operating margins of 12.4% were 210 basis points lower than the prior-year quarter. Geographically, on the international side, organic revenues grew 2.1% in the quarter with European organic revenues increasing 6.1%. By comparison, European organic revenues grew 18.4% in Q1. In Asia-Pacific, pricing pressure from major customers in Australia contributed to base revenues declining 2.8% in the quarter. In North America, total construction base revenues declined 10.7% in Q2, with residential construction and renovation construction base revenues decreasing 8.1% and 3.1%, respectively. Commercial Construction reported a base revenue decrease of 24% in Q2. But when you exclude a one-time revenue gain in Q2 '10, Commercial Construction base revenues only declined 5.3%. Moving to the next segment, Polymers & Fluids, organic revenues grew 1.5% in Q2 versus the year-ago period, and segment operating margins of 16.8% were 330 basis points lower than Q2 '10. Similar to last quarter, the margin decline was due to timing related to cost recovery around raw materials, especially in some of our international businesses. The modest growth in base revenues in the quarter reflected moderated demand for polymer products in both North America and international niche end markets. Worldwide polymer organic revenues were flat in Q2. And while a much smaller revenue category, the story in the fluids side of the business was much more positive. Worldwide fluids organic revenues grew 5.6% in Q2, with North America accounting for the majority of the growth. Moving to the Decorative Surfaces segment. Organic revenues increased to surprisingly strong 6.5% in Q2 versus the year-earlier period. But segment operating margins of 12.5% were 170 basis points lower than the year-ago period mainly due to higher raw material costs. As noted, the segment's organic revenue story was a positive surprise and reflected Wilsonart's nearly 5% growth in North American base revenues. This growth was due to ongoing product innovation by Wilsonart and good penetration and what I earlier described as troughing commercial construction environment.  Internationally, the news was equally good with organic revenues growing 8.3% in Q2 and the components of that organic revenue growth include Asia-Pacific increasing 6%, China growing 22% and Europe increasing 7% in the quarter. Finally, in our final segment, All Other, organic revenue grew 8.1% in Q2 versus the year-ago period. Segment operating margins of 18.4% were 80 basis points higher than the year-earlier period. Organic growth was directly tied to 2 major business groups: test and measurement and consumer packaging. For test and measurement, organic revenues increased a very strong 17%, as increased capital spending growth of equipment orders to double-digit growth levels in virtually all geographies. For example, our businesses in China produced organic revenue growth of 23% in Q2 in the test and measurement category. For consumer packaging, organic revenues grew 5%, 5.7%, excuse me, due to strength in the decorating and consumer packaging businesses. Finally, our base revenues for industrial/appliance businesses decreased 0.5% in Q2 as demand from appliance OEMs weakened in the quarter. This concludes my segment-related remarks. I will now turn the call over to Ron, who will cover our 2011 forecast and related assumptions. Ron?
Ronald Kropp: For the third quarter of 2011, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within the range of $0.95 to $1.03. The low end of this range assumes a 15% increase in total revenues versus 2010, and the high end of the range assumes an 18% increase. The midpoint of the EPS range would be 24% higher than last year. For the full year 2011, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is now $4.05 to $4.21, based on a total revenue increase of 16% to 18%. The midpoint of $4.13 would be 43% higher than 2010. This full year range compares to our previous forecast range of $4.08 to $4.26. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion, restructuring cost of $40 million to $50 million for the year and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for both the third quarter and full year, excluding the impact of the first quarter favorable Australian tax case. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. Once again, we're asking people to honor our one question, one follow-up question request. Ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of sort of M&A-related questions. But first, the higher investment income, Ron, could we give them more color? Was that from realizing a gain from, say, selling an asset or assets? Or what was the delta there?
Ronald Kropp: The biggest piece -- I mean, part of it was higher interest income. We have a lot of cash on the balance sheet invested overseas. But we also have in our investment portfolio a ventured capital investment that we mark-to-market. So we had some mark-to-market gains in the quarter.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And how much was that, Ron?
Ronald Kropp: A couple of million dollars above what we expected.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Want to ask about Despatch. The reason I'm asking this is you've seen -- because I think of some subsidy curtailment in Europe and perhaps elsewhere, the outlook for the solar industry has actually, in a short-term basis, come under a little bit of pressure. What is it about their mix that maybe makes them somewhat immune to that? And maybe you could just sort of talk through sort of the thought process about getting into that space?
David Speer: Well, solar, John, is only one element of their business. It represents maybe 20% of their overall business. So they have a broad array of end-markets, solar clearly being one of them. The carbon fiber business being another and general industrial process environment, process controls, a lot of which is related to electronics, the production of electronic wafers, semiconductors and so forth. So pretty broad array of end-markets. Generally, was some very strong long-term growth profiles.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. One last one. David and John, there's just perpetual speculation that you're a potential bidder for Charter. I understand there's mixed differences in terms of they're a little bit more commodity, if you will, on the welding side. I mean, is there some obvious reasons, though that -- I mean, I realized it's a big company, $3 billion of revenues. Is there some obvious reasons why it would or potentially not fit strategically with what you're looking at perhaps, say, historical desire to sort of stick to bolt-ons? I don't know, maybe is there anything you could say to that issue?
David Speer: Well, John, we don't comment on speculations around acquisitions. So I won't comment specifically about Charter. I will say that we continue to be interested in growing in the welding space. And we look at many different opportunities. Certainly, primarily in Europe and in Asia. So as we continue to look at those opportunities, I think you'll see our focus in that space will remain strong. But certainly, no comment specifically about any target company, especially a public company.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: No, I understand. But your strategy to stick to smaller deals really hasn't -- has your thought process changed? Did the environments change for M&A, David?
David Speer: Well, I think if you're talking about M&A in general you'll see that we've done a couple of larger deals already this year, SOPUS, and the recent now with Despatch deal. I think, obviously, we're looking hard in spaces that we think have long-term growth characteristics. And for assets that we think have the right mix of allowing us to leverage growth in those categories. Size is one element obviously, and the ability to do some large-sized deals in those spaces is certainly attractive to us. But that said, we're comfortable doing the smaller deals in those spaces if they make sense as well. But we have done 2 larger deals, as you noted, this year, and I think we continue to focus on what we think is a sweet spot of assets in the sort of $100 million to $500 million size.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It's actually Ingrid Aja standing in for Ann. If we could circle back to kind of the acquisition environment you noted, it seems like that it's improving and that you're likely to come into the higher end of your range given where you stand today. Can you just talk a little bit more about the environment?
David Speer: Well, I think, clearly, the environment, as we have seen it and we've been talking about this throughout the year, has been improving. I think in terms of our own pipeline, certainly, the activity levels overall and the M&A market are in fact up. But there are plenty of bidders out there for assets, so it's still a reasonably competitive market. I can tell you that our activity levels in terms of pre-pipeline are significant and continue to be. And we're pleased with what we've been able to transact thus far. But as we know, the acquisition businesses, cyclical, it's opportunistic. So while I'm encouraged with what we've been able to accomplish so far and I think the environment remains a favorable one. We haven't chosen to make any adjustment in our range just yet. And we'll continue to look at that as our pipeline activities build.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co: That's helpful. And then I guess following the recent reclassification of some of your businesses, can you just discuss a little bit more about what your plans for selling businesses in the future are?
David Speer: Well, we've disclosed, obviously, what we have in the pipeline at the moment in discontinued operations as we restated at the end of June. But I think that contains one large asset which really drove the decision to put that into discontinued operations, those our finishing system businesses. There's certainly nothing in the near term of that size, but we continue to look at our portfolio and we'll continue to look at divestitures and appropriate alternatives for some of those assets. We have averaged over the last several years, 8 to 10 divestitures a year. This certainly, the finishing business would be the largest asset, single asset in that range. But we'll continue to look at divestitures as we analyze our portfolio, and you can expect to continue to see some level of activity. We always report on those, as you might imagine, when they become material and when they're generally after-the-fact.
Operator: Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: It's actually Peter Chang in for Jamie. My first question was on the implied incremental margins for the back half of the year. It looks like they're expected to increase meaningfully from the first half. But more specifically, I wanted to get into why it seems like Q3 implied incrementals are significantly lower than in 4Q? Is that because of price recovery in the fourth quarter? Or is there going to be greater restructuring charges taken in the third quarter? Could you elaborate on that, please?
Ronald Kropp: Yes, sure. The incrementals in the third quarter, we are still working through price costs. They will get better. But it will still be negative 40 to 50 basis points year-on-year for price costs versus the third quarter of 2010, although it's positive 20 basis points versus the second quarter of 2011. Also, contributing to the better incrementals in the fourth quarter is we had a very low margin fourth quarter last year, especially the month of December for our international businesses. So our overall margin at a restated basis last year in the fourth quarter was 12.3%. So we're getting some incremental bump in the fourth quarter based on a weaker comparable.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: Got you. And my follow-up is on the Transportation segment. Compared to our model revs were a little bit lighter than our forecast. Was that -- I know you talked about the impact from Japan, can you quantify that? Or was there maybe a greater focus on integrating SOPUS versus focus on sales?
John Brooklier: As we went into the quarter, we had anticipated the revenue decline associated with Japan on auto OEM of about $25 million to $30 million. And it turned out to be approximately around $30 million.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. So it was on the high-end then?
John Brooklier: It was on the higher end of what we had part coming into the quarter.
Operator: Deane Dray with Citi Investment Research.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: David, I was hoping you could comment on the operating environment in June with a little more color? Certainly, it caught you by surprise. Now no sense of a disaster, just under 6% of base. But still it was a change of the margin. So if you could just kind of, from your perspective, both your geographic, customer activity, quote activity, pushback on pricing, just take us through what was -- where was the surprise and where do we go from here?
David Speer: Yes, well, I think, obviously, the June numbers, overall, base growth of 5.7%. That was clearly weaker than what we had in our original forecast. March numbers, it fell off and the 3 months rolling numbers were 11 plus percent, so significantly different. June, the profile in April and May, April was a little over 4% and May was just about 9%. So pretty mixed baggage if you look at it by month. But clearly, the trend in June was slower than what we had anticipated. And that really, I think in the end, is the story why we were 100 basis points lower than our original base revenue forecast. If I look at it geographically, North America was 7.4%. So a little bit lighter than our base forecast originally, which is a little bit north of 8%. Europe was at 4.6%, that was clearly the weakest link. The overall Asia-Pacific region was just under 6%, China at 18%. So I think, clearly, the big drivers were weaker industrial numbers in both Europe and North America, and primarily in June.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: How about just on the construction side? You called out the pricing on the Asia-Pacific. Was that just one business, Australia-related? And they take us through the commercial, residential, renovation color at the margin?
David Speer: Yes. Well, the continued construction markets here, or the 80 of the story, if you will, that's the majority of the issue in construction. Housing starts are well below what our original forecast was and frankly below what we thought was going to happen in Q2. The numbers now are in the 570 range for housing starts. We started the year at a range of about 670, which was actually lower than most of the estimates that are out there from NAHB and others. So the housing market has continued to be extremely weak, and that obviously underperformed what we thought was only a modest expectation in Q2. The commercial numbers that John pointed out down 9% for the quarter, that's the start data or the contracts awarded data. Still weak, but we think getting close to the trough. So that end market was obviously weak as well in North America. The European numbers came in, as John pointed out, was 6%. So pretty much in line with what our expectations were. In Australia, we have some price-related issues, but also some business that we shifted away from and some lower margin categories that drew the negative comparable there in terms of base revenue growth. But I'd say, again, the majority of the story is what happened in construction in North America.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: And was the deck surfaces uptick more product line specific? Or was it a readthrough in terms of commercial activity?
David Speer: Yes, there's a -- it was based on 2 things. One is product innovation, new designs they've introduced in their high definition category, which has driven significant market penetration in several commercial categories, including the case goods area and office furniture.
Operator: Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird, your line is open.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The mismatch between price costs in the quarter is particularly severe in both Construction and Decorative Surfaces. We've been talking about that. But also in Industrial Packaging and Polymers & Fluids, could you talk about the latter 2? Why such a severe effect, particularly in Industrial Packaging? And how you see those trending through the balance of the year?
Ronald Kropp: Yes, Industrial Packaging, the overall non-volume impact on margins is 230 basis points. Of that, 110 was price cost. Now that's better than the negative 200 that it was last quarter. This segment has the most sensitivity to raw material price increases, but also how has the best ability to get price. For example, when the price of steel goes up, they're buying from the steel makers and selling back steel strap to them. So it's much more transparent than most of our other businesses. So it does go up and down quite a bit. So it's gotten better, we've continued to get price. We are recovering margin dollars. But given the extent of the price and the cost, dollars still has a negative impact on margins.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Extension, Ron, you're saying that you expect it to moderate. Does it turn positive by the end of the year?
Ronald Kropp: Yes, by the fourth quarter, if price stays where it's at and costs stay where they're at, it will be positive.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay.
David Speer: So the price increases that are out there, that they put in place, we haven't seen the full impact of. We also saw some modest drop in some of the strapping volumes which we didn't get leverage on, some of the growth and revenue there that we wouldn't have expected.
Ronald Kropp: On the Polymers & Fluids side, the price cost impact was negative 180 basis points, which is similar to what it was last quarter. Here, the primary raw material is chemicals, and we have a basket of chemicals that we kind of track the market prices. And those chemical prices were up about 25% for this quarter versus last year. So while steel and plastic prices have stabilized a bit and in some cases, gone down, we have not yet seen that in the mechanical business. And we do have price increases in place. We're continuing to put them in place. And have less of an impact if everything stays the same. In the third quarter, they'll still be negative, but have less of an impact.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Is it the only segment where you expect to still be running negative by the time you get to the fourth quarter?
Ronald Kropp: The third quarter, we're looking at still negative year-on-year, 40 to 50 basis points. So in the third quarter, there'll be other segments that have a negative impact. For the most part, as we start to anniversary some of these cost increases and price increases stick, we should be generally positive slightly in the fourth quarter.
David Speer: I think the only other one where it might be modestly negative, Robert, will be Decorative Surfaces where we've got significant increases in phenol and resins that are again oil-drive products that we haven't seen yet bottom out in terms of cost.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: If I might add, I'd also like to ask about specifically, John, when you were going through the Industrial Packaging fundamentals, you mentioned specifically that international equipment sales in the strapping-related businesses were up double digit, but actually in North America --
John Brooklier: And North America too.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So the implication then would be that strapping volume growth was nominal or even negative, yet you're taking price increases. So can you talk a little bit about what you saw in the quarter? And whether we have some kind of a leading indicator of something here?
David Speer: Well, we did see strapping volumes moderate. I'd say nominal is probably a good word to use. What we saw in the quarter, it's a mixed bag again between steel and plastic and in general it is probably related to what we've seen happen in some of their core end markets, moderating activities. So I'm not sure that based on what we saw in the quarter that it would be drawing any huge conclusions about early indicators as it relates to strap volume. Year-to-date, they performed much better in the quarter, particularly in the latter part of the quarter. June and probably the latter half of May were weaker in volume that some of the metals categories, in particular and in the construction materials categories as well. Other than that, they were pretty much in line with what we would have expected.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: But you wouldn't point to China as the source of the significantly slower volume trend?
David Speer: No, we don't have enough penetration in China with strapping for that to be a consideration. Certainly, the equipment side, one of the reasons that strengthen the equipment side to focus on that is clearly the underspend that took place from a capital standpoint over the last several years, and now we're starting to see that break loose with some larger system orders that I think loom well in the future for strapping volumes over with it. But certainly, the recovery and equipment businesses was expected perhaps a little bit stronger in the quarter than what we have thought, but largely in line with what we would expect at this point in the recovery.
Operator: Our next question is from Ajay Kejriwal with FBR.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just on capital allocation. So on acquisitions, you're trending well. You're more than halfway done on your full year goals. And buybacks, you did buy back fine, $50 million. But there's a substantial amount of authorization left. And it looks like balance sheet is still very underlevered, lot of cash in the balance sheet. So maybe any color on how we should be thinking about buybacks from here? Clearly, second quarter, very decent run rate, but part of that's to offset the dilution from the discount. But any color there will be helpful.
Ronald Kropp: So a couple of comments. First of all, although we do have cash on the balance sheet, essentially, all of that is overseas. So it's not readily available for dividends and share repurchase, et cetera. We do use it for acquisitions, However, to the extent we have international acquisitions. Our debt-to-cap is currently at 28%. Our target range in a normal acquisition period is 20% to 30%, absent any significant large acquisition, would obviously go above 30%. So we're at the higher end of the range. But that's with a strong acquisition year, stronger than last year. And some amount of buybacks are ready in the first half of the year. The way to think of share repurchases now, this is a bit different than it was a couple of years ago, when we were underneath our range. We were in the teens and we had to do a significant amount of buybacks even to get into our target range. The way to think about it now is we will have a normal level of share repurchases to the extent we have a normal level of acquisition activity. We much prefer to use our capital for acquisitions. So if we continue to see acquisition activity go up and we end up above our range, you'll see less share repurchases. If acquisition activity is lighter, you'll see more share repurchases.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Good color there. And then just on your full year guidance, the top end, of taken it down by I think $0.05. So I imagine, part of that is the quarter, but maybe talk about the acquisition impact? Historically, acquisitions have been dilutive in the first year. So is it possible to quantify what's the impact from acquisitions?
David Speer: Well, first of all, the range decreased by $0.04, $0.02 for Q2 and $0.02 for the balance of the year, not $0.05. In terms of acquisitions, as you accurately note, they are dilutive in the first year. We get down with amortizations and step ups. I think Ron got some flavor he can add to that. But clearly, given the activity levels we had in the first half of the year, we've not a significant amount of earnings impact yet which is normal. And what our expectation would be is I think Ron pointed out one of the reasons for the margins for the quarter being lower is in fact the acquisition activity and the lower margins associated with those after amortization and step ups. So Ron, if you want to add some flavor to that?
Ronald Kropp: Yes, so typically, we're buying companies that have margins in the 10% range before amortization. Once you factor in amortization, especially in the first year, which was the higher amortization rate, it's more like 4% to 5% incremental margins. So say, if you take about a acquired of revenues and you don't acquire them all at the beginning of the year and it's only a partial year and you take 4% to 5% of that, that's about what the acquisition impact would be. And that will have a dilutive margin impact on the total company in the 40 to 50 basis point range.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thanks for the clarification. My comment on the guidance was just on the top end, but yes, it's $0.04 at the midpoint.
Operator: Our next question is from Walt Liptak with Barrington.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: I wanted to ask about the Transportation segment and just the operating leverage. And if you can run through and talk about whatever impacted profits, maybe Japan had a bigger impact on the operating profits or price costs, and where we stand through the rest of the year?
David Speer: Do you have anything on [indiscernible]
Ronald Kropp: So on the margin side, margins were down 90 basis points. The non-volume piece of that was 110. And of that, price cost was negative 90 basis points. Slightly better than last quarter when it was negative 100 basis points.
David Speer: That's the segment where it takes us a little longer to recover price. We have price plans in place, price increase plans in place now. But as Ron pointed out, we'd expect that GAAP to close somewhat in Q3 and be neutral or potentially positive for Q4.
John Brooklier: Well, if I would add one other thing to your question on volumes. If you look at the second half of the year, particularly in North America, the production decrease we saw in Q2 should largely would be made up in the second half.
Operator: Joel Tiss with Buckingham Research Group.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I just wondered if your drop in guidance a little bit for the full year means that the slowdown in June is continuing into July?
David Speer: I don't have enough on July numbers, Joe, to give you that reflection. But largely, what we have projected in organic growth for the balance of the year is between 6.5% to 7%. So lower than what we would have originally forecast by probably 100 basis points. So it's -- I think what I would suggest is that it looks more like what we saw in Q2, not what we saw in June. June was under 6%. But yes, moderating demand in some of these markets that have been under recovery now for, in some cases, 8 to 10 quarters.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And I wonder if you can sort of tie together the shape of the economic recovery and how you're seeing it unfold to the more of the medium-term margin potential? So you know what I mean, like it's a tough environment, price cost is a little bit negative, it's been kind of an issue for a little while. Is this going to be the -- or is this feeling like the kind of recovery where operating margins a couple of years down the road get back to historic peak levels or don't because of more acquisition activity or just sluggishness? You know what I'm trying to say? Just any sort of color you can give me around about that.
David Speer: I think from a base standpoint, Joel, I think, yes, absolutely. I think margin recovery or margin rates a couple of years down the road clearly back to historic peak kind of levels. I fully expect that. I think the major factor if you're looking out a couple of years is more about the dilutive impact of acquisitions than anything else. What we're seeing right now is clearly one of those spots in the middle of an economic recovery where you've got costs going up relatively faster, faster than anybody had anticipated for this part of the recovery. And that's led to some short-term disruption to price and cost, but nothing fundamentally, I think, that alters the margin outlook long term.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And the customers aren't pushing back on price increases harder than before?
David Speer: Well, of course, they are. But that's all part of the process. Nobody is asking for price increases. But the reality is that these -- they've not been modest increases that we're talking about, and they've been multiple increases. With that said, I think as Ron pointed out earlier, we have seen in some cost categories some moderation in cost increases, certainly on the steel side and certainly, more recently, as Ron pointed out, on the plastic side. So it's the normal sort of environment that you have to fight through with probably more volatility and raw material input costs than what we would've expected heading into the year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Henry Kirn with UBS..
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Wondering if you could talk a little bit about where the base business expectations for the second half of the year might have become a little more robust than they would have been a few months ago?
David Speer: I'm sorry, those are that more?
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, where might things have actually gotten a little bit better?
David Speer: Well, certainly, the test and measurement has shown particular strength. And some of that, obviously, is projected in what we see going forward in the second half of the year. And as John pointed out in his earlier comments, the welding segment, those are probably 2 of the more notable areas where we've seen strength beyond what our original estimates were. And with reasonable momentum, we expect to continue through the second half of the year. So those are probably the 2 most notable ones that I would highlight. John also pointed out the comparables in transportation. The auto build in the second half of the year is going to be much better than it was in the first half, as the expectation, particularly in the U.S., is that a lot of the volume that lost in the second quarter due to the Japanese crisis and parts is going to be made up in the second half of the year. And that certainly would bode well for us. You saw our penetration gains in the first -- or in the second quarter in both Europe and the U.S. were nearly 5 points of penetration gains. So you put a little bit more volume on that and we're going to see a lot stronger performance in that category as well.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And then in the M&A market, could you talk about where -- whether seller expectations are higher or lower now than they were earlier in the year? And the likelihood that acquisitions could be higher in the second half in 2012 than you're currently begin?
David Speer: You talk about second half of 2011, I think, right?
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, second half of 2011 and into 2012?
David Speer: Yes. Certainly, we've done, as John pointed out, a little over $700 million in acquired revenues through this stage in July. I would say that the pipeline and the buyer and seller expectations, I wouldn't note any particular change in that. I think the expectations are about similar to what they would've been a quarter ago. I think the opportunity for us to have a stronger, strong second half is there. And as you know, we'll revise our range as we see the pipeline activity grow. And it may will be that sort of the run rate we're at right now, which suggest that we could see a stronger than the current forecast in acquisitions, and that may well be the case. But we need a little bit more data before we'll adjust our range. But I described the market activity is very similar to what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. So definitely improved from what we saw this time last year, no questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Holden Lewis, BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Sort of back on that acquisition question. In terms of the numbers of acquisitions, it seems like the numbers that you've been closing each quarter is kind of stabilized in sort of this mid to high single-digit number. Based on sort of how you're seeing the pipeline, I mean, would you expect that the numbers of deals that you can do would continue to go up? Or is there sort of a limit to the number just in terms of resources. And if that's the case, I mean, are you just seeing that the average revenues that you're looking at is going up? How do you sort of grow from the current rates or extend the sort of buy end from the current rates?
David Speer: Well, obviously, the metrics that we look at are based on the individual assets that we're looking at. So we don't have a number of deals, if you will, that we're trying to close. It's more a question of looking at the underlying assets and how they fit with our strategies for growth. So the numbers can vary, obviously, from quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, larger size assets have a bigger impact in terms of the overall revenue numbers and certainly, the activity levels. But we continue to do smaller acquisitions that we think are well suited to bolting on to existing platforms. So I'm not sure I can give you any flavor. There's not a metric that says we're going to do a lot more smaller deals. I can tell you that we have spent a fair amount of time consciously looking at larger deals and spaces that we think have got good, long-term growth characteristics. And I think you're starting to see some of that pay off with some of the larger transactions that we closed thus far this year. But those are not at the exclusion of looking at smaller deals that make sense, particularly in markets spaces that we've highlighted that we think have good, long-term growth characteristics.
John Brooklier: I'm just sort of wondering, in the past, I think in '06 or '08, you're kind of in that $1.6 billion, $1.7 million in acquired revenues. I mean, are you -- I'm just trying to get a sense of it. If you look out beyond 2012 into the pipeline, do you think that whatever the number is this year that you achieve, I mean, can you build on top of that? Or is there something different about the environment where the '11 levels kind of look stable and we're not going to go back to sort of the high ones towards 2 type of level of M&A activity?
David Speer: Well, I fully expect that as the M&A environment continues to improve, as the markets continue to improve, we're going to see higher acquisition levels. As you accurately noted, we closed deals during that '06, '08 time frame. Each of those years was north of $1 billion. I think we did $4.2 billion for those 3 years, so the average was like $1.4 billion. I fully expect that we'll see those opportunities. I think the difference this time, Holden, is that we have definitely seen the ability to close several larger deals this year and last year, and I think we're purposely focused on deals of that size. So it may be that we get to those numbers with fewer deals. But I think the opportunities, from an acquisition standpoint, turns overall impact. They're still in that 5% to 7% annualized revenue range that we've been talking about that we've done historically. And that I think we're comfortable we'll be -- a good look of the future as well.
John Brooklier: Holden, if you look from a capacity standpoint, look historically in that '06 to '08 time frame, we were doing 45 to 50 deals per year. So I don't think we're constrained by the number of deals. I think that David's point, it's really a question of the combination of bigger and smaller deals.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then just lastly, if you can comment, the implied sort of margin on your acquired revenue this quarter was especially low and lower than we've seen in quite some time, I think. You're sort of building up the pipeline. And at what point would you expect that these numbers remain low or at some point to get better? Is there something about the acquisitions in this quarter that was notable?
Ronald Kropp: It really comes down to how much amortization you have for the deals so it's fairly deal specific. You go through a process of identifying step ups and intangibles, and each deal is different. So it is in on the lower end this time from where it would normally be. I think it was about 3%, 3.5% incremental margin, typically, it's more like 4% to 5%. And for these deals, as they anniversary their first year and the next year, these deals will become part of base. And some of that amortization goes down. So you'll see a bump up for these deals, but you won't necessarily see it in the reported numbers because we'll have new acquisitions that have new amortization. So typically, our general margin profile is we're buying things that are in the 9% to 10% range and we want to get those to the overall company margins within a 3- to 5-year time frame. And I think that's still true.
David Speer: For Q2, Holden, it's no question that the higher-margin profile, particularly of the acquisition we did late Q1 of SOPUS had a dramatic impact on the amortization for Q2, which is, as Ron points out, as that anniversaries and we get into a more normal operating environment, that's the high margin business with good returns. And so we'll see a different profile as we look at these numbers a year from now.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: So it doesn't reflect more competitive bidding or easing up on some of the expectations of acquired deals?
David Speer: No.
Ronald Kropp: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Nobody beat up on Food Equipment yet, I don't think. And so I was just wondering, what kind of visibility do you have with regard to shipments in the second half? And if you could also address the really lackluster service revenue growth, that really surprising to see kind of flattish service activity of you guys having such a well-regarded service organization? I'm wondering what is going on with the market? Or is there a competitive dynamic unfolding there?
David Speer: Well, first of all, the historic growth rates in the service business, which is a high margin business, is in that 2% to 3% range. So that's pretty normal, pretty typically. Perhaps, you would have expected that to be a little higher in the basis of where we are in the recovery, but not significantly. I think the big challenge for us in the Q2 numbers Food Equipment were, as John pointed out earlier, the international numbers, particularly in Europe, on the equipment side, were negative due to us exiting a couple of categories of lower performance businesses that we consciously get out of. And as he pointed out, some pullback and institutional spending, particularly that supported by government spending in our French market businesses. So I think I would characterize that as what I would view as not a normalized expectation going forward. We don't have a lot of visibility. There's not big backlogs in these businesses. However, for the institutional categories, there's a fair amount of planning and project activity before the order arrives. That activity clearly has increased, which bodes well for continued improvement of equipment revenues in those categories. But not a great deal of visibility long-term in terms of backlog.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. But that international comment if you're exiting, just you're exiting customers, not divesting?
David Speer: That's correct.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: But if you're pulling back from customers, that's going to sort of a weak -- some pressure on the growth until we anniversary that a year from now, right?
David Speer: Correct. That's built into our expectations here forward. So we expect that and we factored that into our overall guidance.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then just one final clarification on the repurchases. Forgive me if I should know this, but I don't -- has finishing closed yet? Number one, has the finishing deal closed?
David Speer: No, it has not closed yet. As you might have noted, there was an announcement made, I think, a week and a half ago by Graco that the FTC has done a second request. So they're looking for more data in their analysis of the transaction before they provide HSR approval. No, it has not closed yet. And based on the timeline that we're on, it probably would not close until probably late this quarter at best.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And those proceeds are still slated towards our repurchases. Is that right?
David Speer: Yes, correct.
John Brooklier: Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. We will look forward to talking to everybody again. And I'll be talking to a number of people later this morning and this afternoon. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Today's call has concluded. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Speer - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Ronald Kropp - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President John Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Alexander Sacco - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Thank you, and welcome to the ITW First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to go ahead and turn the call to your host for today, to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Brooklier: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to all who've joined us for our first quarter 2011 conference call. Please note that our new 9 a.m Central call time represents a permanent starting time for future conference calls. Joining me this morning is our CEO, David Speer; and our CFO, Ron Kropp. We are all eager to discuss our very, very strong first quarter financial results. David Speer will now make some introductory remarks. David?
David Speer: Thank you, John. I'm pleased to report that our 2011 first quarter reached its double-digit organic growth, solid end market demand, strong EPS growth and substantial margin improvement. Here are some of the highlights. Total company organic revenues grew a strong 11.7% in the first quarter. While ITW's organic growth was broad based in the quarter, we especially saw strong growth emanating from our Welding, Transportation OEM, Industrial Packaging, PC Board Fabrication and Test & Measurement businesses. It's clear to us that most of our global end markets continue to improve and that market penetration opportunities remain plentiful. Excluding the one-time tax benefit associated with an Australian tax case, earnings of $0.91 per share were 30% higher than the adjusted year ago quarter. Q1 total company operating margins of 15.6% were 110 basis points higher than the year ago period. Notably, our base businesses accounted for 90 basis points of that margin improvement. We had a good acquisition quarter completing 6 transactions, representing nearly $330 million of annualized revenues. Year-to-date, we have completed 9 transactions for $435 million of annualized acquired revenues. Finally, in recognition of what we believe will continue to be a positive macro environment, we raised our full-year earnings guidance to a range of $4.16 to $4.34. While the new full-year EPS range includes the previously mentioned one-time tax gain, it also represents $0.20 per share of additional operating earnings compared to our initial earnings forecast guidance earlier in January. Now let me turn the call back over to John.
John Brooklier: Thank you, David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us shortly to talk about the Q1 financial highlights. I will then cover Q1 operating highlights for our 8 reporting segments. Ron will then come back and detail our 2011 forecast. And then finally, we'll open your call for questions. And as always, we ask for your cooperation for our 1 question, 1 follow-up question policy. First, let's cover the traditional housekeeping items. This conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including, without limitation, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted net income per share, restructuring expenses, acquisition activity, tax rates, end market conditions and the company's related 2011 earnings forecast. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is (402)220-6528. The replay is available through midnight of May 10, 2011 and no passcode is necessary to access the replay. Now here's our CFO, Ron Kropp, who will comment on our very strong 2011 first quarter results. Ron?
Ronald Kropp: Thanks, John. Good morning, everybody. Before I run through the financial results, I'd like to remind you that as we announced back in January, this is the first quarter that reflects the elimination of the one-month reporting lag for our international businesses. All of 2010 and 2011 data that we present here reflect as new reporting calendar. Now here are the highlights for the first quarter. First of all, revenues increased 17% primarily due to higher base revenues and acquisitions. Operating income was $683 million, which was higher than last year by $141 million. Margins of 15.6% were higher by 110 basis points. Diluted earnings per share was $1.24, which was higher than last year by $0.58.  However, as previously mentioned, this quarter's results reflect a one-time tax benefit of $0.33 per share related to a favorable judgment in an Australian tax case. Excluding this tax benefit, diluted income per share would've been $0.91 or 30% higher than adjusted EPS a year ago. Reported EPS of $1.24 is above the previously provided range of $1.14 to $1.20 primarily due to stronger base business performance and favorable currency translation. Finally, free operating cash flow is $56 million, which was lower than normal due to higher working capital related to seasonality and the timing of payroll funding and higher tax payments. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 17.4% revenue increase was primarily due to 3 factors: First, base revenues were up 11.7% with North American base revenues increasing 12.2% and international base revenue is up 11.0%. As David mentioned, we have continued to see solid revenue gains worldwide led by the Transportation, Welding, PC Board Fabrication, Industrial Packaging and Test & Measurement businesses. Next, currency translation increased revenues by 1.6%. Lastly, acquisitions net of divestitures added 4.2% to revenue growth. Operating margins for the first quarter of 15.6% were higher than last year by 110 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 90 basis points due to the favorable impact of the higher sales volume, partially offset by the negative impact of non-volume items. Non-volume items reduced margins by 200 basis points. Included in the non-volume impact for the first quarter were the unfavorable impact of price versus cost, which reduced margins by 100 basis points, unfavorable inventory related adjustments of 35 basis points and unfavorable corporate adjustments, which lowered margins by 20 basis points. In addition, margins were higher by 40 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses last year and the dilutive impact of acquisitions reduced margins by 40 basis points. When I turn it back over to John, he will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, other non-operating income expense was favorable by about $1 million versus last year and interest was flat. The first quarter effective tax rate was 3.3% as a result of the one-time tax benefit of $166 million related to the favorable Australian tax case. Excluding the impact of this one-time benefit, the tax rate for Q1 would've been 29%. The forecasted tax rate for 2011 is between 28.5% and 29.5%, excluding the first quarter one-time tax benefit. Turning to the balance sheet. Total invested capital increased $1.4 billion from the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher working capital, currency translation and acquisitions. Accounts receivable DSO increased to 61.2 days versus 57.9 at the end of the fourth quarter primarily due to seasonality, currency translation and acquisitions. Inventory month on hand was 1.9 at the end of the quarter versus 1.8 last quarter. For the first quarter, capital expenditures were $88 million, and depreciation was $83 million. ROIC for the first quarter increased to 16.2% versus 14.7% last year, excluding the impact of discrete tax benefits and adjustments from both years. On the financing side, our debt level increased approximately $480 million from the fourth quarter due to higher commercial paper borrowings and currency translation. Our debt-to-capital percentage increased to 24% from 23% last quarter. Turning to cash flow, our cash position decreased $102 million in the first quarter as our free operating cash flow of $56 million and additional borrowings of $418 million were utilized for acquisitions of $543 million and dividends of $169 million. Our free cash flow is lower than normal due to several factors: first of all, receivables were higher due to seasonality and acquisitions. In addition, higher-than-normal payments for taxes, higher CapEx and a timing of payroll funding at the end of March also reduced cash flow. For acquisitions during the first quarter, we acquired 6 companies, which have annual revenues of $329 million. The biggest acquisition of the quarter was SOPUS, a leading automotive aftermarket business with approximately $300 million in annual revenue. For the full year, we are forecasting acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion.  I will now turn it back over to John, who'll provide more details on the first quarter operating results.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Starting with our Transportation segment. Q1 '11 organic revenues grew an impressive 15.1% compared to Q1 2010. Operating margins of 15.9% were 80 basis points higher than the year ago period. The organic revenue increase in Q1 was mostly driven by our Automotive OEM businesses, which continue to benefit from strong auto builds as well as ongoing product penetration. Our North American organic revenues grew 18.1% in Q1 versus the North American auto build increase of 16% in the quarter. More impressively, our international organic revenues grew 13.7% in Q1 versus our European auto build increase of 8% in the quarter. Looking ahead, we believe there will be disruption to Japan-related auto production in Q2, but our best information at this time is whatever auto build declines we see in Q2 will be made up in the second half of the year. Our full year projections for auto builds essentially mirror what we're seeing from CSM at this point in time. North America auto build to be in the range of 13 million to 13.2 million units and Europe to be in the range of 19.3 million to 19.5 million units. If those build projections hold, they represent year-over-year increases of 10% and 3%, respectively. In our Auto Aftermarket business, organic revenues showed an improvement in the quarter. Our base revenues increased 6.2% in Q1 '11 versus the prior year period due to improved auto-return activity, as well as better consumer demand for retail auto maintenance and appearance products, including the Permatex brand. Auto aftermarket demand could be constrained in Q2 as higher gas prices reduce miles driven and associated auto aftermarket spending by consumers. Moving to the next segment, Industrial Packaging's organic revenue growth of 14.2% in Q1 versus the year ago period continue to mirror solid underlying industrial fundamentals around the world. Segment operating margins of 10.5% were 10 basis points lower than year ago period mainly as a result of timing around raw materials and price cost issues.  As you know, these consumable equipment businesses remain one of our best coincidental indicators of currency economy. In Q1, our total North American Industrial Packaging units increased organic revenues 10.2% while total international Industrial Packaging organic revenues grew 17%. Our North American and international Plastic and Steel Consumable and Equipment businesses grew revenues 13.6% and 15.4%, respectively. In addition, our projected Packaging business grew organic revenue of 6.7% in Q1. Moving to the next slide. Similar to 2012, the Power Systems and Electronics segment strong organic growth rate of 16.4% in Q1 versus the year ago period was directly tied to the Welding and PC Board Fabrication businesses. Segment operating margins of 21% were 150 basis points higher than Q1 '10. Our North American Welding organic revenues grew 27.4% due to strong demand from heavy equipment OEMs and the improving manufacturing environment. Our International Welding organic revenues increased 12.7% in Q1, with both Europe and Asia-Pacific seeing growth.  Even with difficult comparisons from Q1 '10, the PC Board Fabrication business has produced very good organic growth of 16% in Q1. You may remember a year ago, their numbers were up roughly 80% to 90%. This growth was driven by continuing strong demand for consumer electronics product. Our Other Electronics businesses grew organic revenues 5.3% in Q1. In the Food Equipment segment, they continue to see customer demand improvement in Q1 with organic revenues growing 6.4% in Q1 versus the year ago period. Segment operating margins of 14.3% in the quarter were 130 basis points higher than the year ago period. The Q1 story was simple. Equipment sales improved both in North America and internationally. Organic revenues for equipment grew 9.6% in North America and 9.3% internationally, with our warewash and refrigeration products posting double-digit revenue increases in the quarter.  From an end market standpoint, chain restaurants and healthcare showed strong growth in the quarter. On the service side of the business, organic revenues increased to healthy 2.7% internationally and 0.5% in North America. In the Construction Products segment, organic revenues grew 8.4% in Q1 versus the year ago period. Segment operating margins of 9.9% were 150 basis points higher than Q1 '10. Internationally, organic revenues grew 8.9%, with Europe leading the way with a very strong organic growth rate of 18.4% as in the past, Germany and France were both key geographic growth areas in the quarter. In North America, organic revenues increased 7.2% with Commercial Construction, Renovation Construction and Residential Construction segments all contributed to growth, most notably. Commercial Construction organic revenues grew 9.6% in Q1. Renovation Construction organic revenues increased 9.3% and even our Residential Construction organic revenues grew a 3.1% despite ongoing weakness in housing starts, which I would note, were at 564,000 units in Q1. In the Polymers & Fluids segment, organic revenues grew 5.2% in Q1 versus the year ago period, and segment operating margins of 14.7% were 200 basis points lower than the year ago period. We think this is largely due to timing issues related to cost recovery around raw materials, especially in some of our international businesses. The growth in first quarter organic revenues was tied to improvement worldwide industrial demand for both Polymers & Fluids products. For polymers, international base revenues grew 6.6% in Q1 due to strength in Latin America especially Brazil and in Asia-Pacific. For fluids, North American organic revenues grew a robust 18% in Q1, thanks to better MRO activity. Our decorative services organic revenues increased 7.4% in Q1 versus the year ago period, and segment operating margins of 12.7% were 160 basis points higher than the year earlier period. In line with modest improvement in North American Commercial Construction activity, the Wilsonart North American high-pressure Laminate business grew organic revenues 3.5% in Q1. They were also helped by new product introductions in the quarter. Internationally, results were even better as organic revenues increased 12.4% in Q1, and this growth was largely tied to increased Commercial Construction activity in Asia-Pacific, especially China and in parts of Europe.  And finally, our famous All Other segment. Organic revenues grew 11.5% in Q1 versus the year ago period, and segment margins up 19.4% or 240 basis points higher than first quarter. Organic growth was largely tied to the 3 major business groups in the segment: Test & Measurement, Consumer Packaging and Industrial Appliance. For Test & Measurement, organic revenues increased a very strong 19.2% in Q1 as equipment orders continue to improve particularly in Asia-Pacific, including China and Europe. For Consumer Packaging, organic revenues grew 7.2% in Q1 due to strength in both the Decorating and Consumer Packaging businesses, which included both Hi-Cone and Zip-Pak. And finally, Industrial Appliance increased organic revenues 5.1% in Q1 on the heels of strong demand on the industrial side of the demand business. This concludes my segment-related remarks. I'll now turn the call over to Ron, who will cover our 2011 forecast and related assumptions. Ron?
Ronald Kropp: For the second quarter of 2011, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.99 to $1.05. The low end of this range assumes a 17% increase in total revenues versus 2010, and the high end of the range assumes a 20% increase. The midpoint of the EPS range would be 26% higher than last year. For the full year 2011, our forecasted EPS range is $4.16 to $4.34 based on a total revenue increase of 16% to 18%. The midpoint of $4.25 is $0.20 higher than the midpoint of our previously provided range of $3.93 to $4.17. This new midpoint would be 42% higher than 2010. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates wholly at current levels, acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion, restructuring cost of $30 million to $40 million for the full year and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for the second quarter and the full year, excluding the impact of the first quarter favorable tax case. In addition, the forecast does not include any potential impact related to the pending divestiture of the Finishing business. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. Once again, we are asking people to honor our 1 question, 1 follow-up question request. And we'll start to open up the call to questions now. José?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question does come from Deane Dray with Citigroup.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: What I wanted to talk about was Construction. So a lot of optimistic data points in there on the organic revenues, especially Europe, and if you could just take us through the dynamics there? But also, within North America, both Renovation and Commercial upticking nicely and what does that say about where we are in the cycle?
David Speer: Deane, as it relates to European and in Asian numbers, those have shown consistent growth over the last 3 or 4 quarters in that range. So we're continuing to see good results. As John highlighted in his comments, particularly in Germany and France and Europe during the quarter and we continue to see good results in our Asia-Pacific businesses as well. As it relates to the North American Construction businesses, if you look at any of the data John noted in his comments about residential that the annualized rate at the end of Q1 is 564,000 housing starts. Obviously, that is a weak number. In fact, it's lower than the number was this time last year. So our 3% gain in Residential during the quarter was really based on some significant improvement in market penetration. Certainly no market recovery. I suspect that at the levels that we're at today, we're probably going to finish the year on a start standpoint of residential maybe in the 640 to 650 range, well below what we had originally projected in the 675 range. So I think housing remains weak. We continue to perform well in that market given the conditions. The commercial market year-to-date, down just about 10% in square footage on the Dodge contracts, awarded at Dodge data on new contracts awarded. So while we're seeing the rate of decline slowing, it's still negative. And there's some hope that, that number will bottom out perhaps in Q3 or Q4. But I don't think we'll see any significant recovery and start activity in the Commercial this year, perhaps early next year. The Renovation side, Renovations spend has continued to trend up modestly. And we would expect that the rehab renovation market for us, which is primarily residential renovation, to probably show market growth in the 4% to 5% range for the year.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up for me on guidance, could you provide color as to the base business growth rates for both the second quarter and for the full year and your guidance, please?
David Speer: Base business for Q2 is about 8%. And for the year, Ron, do you have that number for the year?
Ronald Kropp: 8% to 9% for the full year, the comps get a little bit more difficult in Q2 based on the year ago.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: It's actually Peter Chang in for Jamie. My question was on if you guys can provide updated thoughts on what material cost headwinds will be for the remainder of the year? Should we still expect a 30 to 50 basis points headwinds? It looks like Q1 was sort of at the high-end of guidance. And what Q2 material price impact would be?
Ronald Kropp: Well, clearly, we continue to see the impact of higher input cost in the first quarter. Most of our input costs were up in the double digit range. And as we look at what the impact was on margins, overall, for the whole company, we had about a negative 100 basis point impact in the first quarter on margins. It would definitely have less of an impact. We have put price increases in place to cover the raw material cost. As you know, even if you recover the dollars, you don't always recover the margin. We're continuing to see more price increases go into play. So the difference between where margins in the first quarter and the second quarter, we should still see a little bit of a negative impact of about 30 basis points from first quarter to second quarter related to price cost, year-on-year closer to 80 to 90 basis points.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: And for the full year, should we expect it to be higher to that 50 basis point headwinds?
Ronald Kropp: Well, I think, we'll start anniversary-ing some of the cost increases we saw at the end of last year, and prices seem to have stabilized a bit where they were up 15%, 20%, 25% in some places. We're expecting more moderate 3% to 4% input cost increases for both steel and resin in the second quarter and really stabilizing after that.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: As a follow-up, it looks like your first quarter North America base organic growth was actually a lot higher than forecasted at 12.2%. Should we anticipate -- are you guys expecting that to be the case for the remainder of the year?
David Speer: No. I mean I think what I said in my earlier answer to Deane's question is we expect the base organic growth in Q2 to be close to 8%. Obviously, North America, we're up 12% in Q1 so it wouldn't be as great. Also as John pointed out, the comparables in Q2 were significantly higher than they are in Q1. So that explains certainly a portion of it. And for the year, probably close to 9% organic. So the year, as the year progresses from Q2 to Q4, the comparables get significantly more challenging. So I don't expect to see in our guidance double-digit organic growth for the next 3 quarters. But certainly, very strong high single-digit growth.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: I'm sorry, I actually meant compared to International.
David Speer: Stronger than International, I think that's probably likely so, modestly so. As we saw in the first quarter, International was up a little over 11%. So I would expect it will be modestly stronger than International.
Operator: The next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMC.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It's actually Ingrid Aja standing in for Ann. I was wondering if we could go back to kind of the raw material headwinds. Does that change your expectation for incremental margins on the base business? Is 35% still the right number you've spoken about before?
David Speer: Yes, I think the 30% to 35% range is what we've talked about. Obviously, in the front end of that is we received the increases, and in any particular quarter, if there's a lag in getting full price recovery, it tends to push incrementals to the lower end of that range. But I think as Ron pointed out, as recovery occurs, and as we expect to see that happen through Q2, we expect those ranges to narrow. So 30% to 35% is still a good range to use. As things stabilize, it will be closer to 35%.
Ronald Kropp: Built into our forecast here for the full year, base business incrementals in that 35-plus range. The next couple quarters will be closer to 30% to 35%. But it'll get better towards the back half of the year.
Ingrid Aja - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, I was wondering if you could just talk about your auto outlook, I guess with auto reduction being pushed out from Q2 to Q3 and Q4, given the events in Japan. Has that been reflected in your outlook? Or are you not seeing that, maybe you can give a little more color on that?
David Speer: No, it's reflected in our outlook. I think what John pointed out in his comments earlier, we expect the Q2 auto build in North America to be around 3 million units. That's down about 11% from what it was in Q1. Some of that would be impacted, as John pointed out, by revision to the Q2 data as a result of the anticipated parts shortages primarily with Japanese components for the Japanese production here in the U.S. But for the year, the build is somewhere in the 13% to 13.2% range for the U.S., which will be up from last year's build numbers which were just under 12 million. So even with the disruption in the supply line, as John pointed out, it looks like the schedules in Q3 and Q4 will pick up that modest decline in Q2. In Europe, we expect the auto builds in Europe to be somewhere in the 19.5 million range for the year. Q2 will go down. Some of that is the natural trends in the build data, and some of that is impacted also by some of the parts shortages. But overall, we expect that the markets for the year will be up, and there'll be some displacement from Q2 to Q3 and Q4. But we expect an auto build globally of about 75 million units for the year. The Japanese market is the only one that we expect to see a significant impact where the build in Japan, that is for vehicles sold in Japan, will in fact be down as a result of the recent prices.
Ronald Kropp: Ingrid, to add on to that, the good news is if you look at sales rates, sales rates remain strong. People are buying cars, so to the extent the production declines, it's going to bring inventories down. So this, we think, ultimately will get rebalanced as we move through the year, but the underlying fundamental of strong demand is still there.
Operator: The next question comes from John Inch with Bank of America.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just based on the reclass, can we get the 2010 quarterly base business numbers just for comparison purposes?
David Speer: Ron, do you have that?
Ronald Kropp: We've provided the restated 2010 numbers. We have not provided the 2009 restatements yet. So we're still working on that. So until we do 2009, we won't be able to restate the base business.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's funny. So you don't have the base business for quarterly for 2010?
Ronald Kropp: Right. Because we haven't done 2009. We don't know where to compare to it, John.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, how would you know what your base business is going to be up then based on your sequential guide? Like, do you know what the base business was a year ago for instance in the first quarter and then for the second quarter?
David Speer: Yes, we do.
Ronald Kropp: Yes, we do. In dollars, yes. We don't have the growth rates. We don't have the year-on-year growth rates from '09 to 10, which I think is what...
David Speer: We obviously have the 2010 data and that's the comparables we're providing here based on 2011 compared to 2010. But as Ron points out, we won't have the data for 2009 to do the 2010 comparables. I don't know when will that data be available, Ron.
Ronald Kropp: In a few months. I mean it's not due until next February, but we'll have it before that, obviously.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So your base business estimate for the second quarter is sort of like through the range wrapped around that. Is that kind of the point?
Ronald Kropp: No. Because we know base business dollars in '10. We may [indiscernible] for '11, we can't compute the '10 to '11.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, I see. You just don't know the comparers, precisely?
Ronald Kropp: Right.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that much I understand. Can you talk a little bit about Asia-Pac, what you saw there, say, China specifically, and maybe in the other emerging market that might have been noteworthy? And just overall, what actually, to get to the $0.20 in your guidance, what actually strengthened versus your expectations? Maybe is there 1 or 2 things or is it broad, just a little more color.
Ronald Kropp: So let me cover that last question first. So our original guidance midpoint back in January was $3.72. However, we had the tax benefit of 33%. So that was a new midpoint of $4.05. It's now $4.25. So it is $0.20 from that. $0.07 of it is from the first quarter results versus the midpoint. The other $0.13 is the rest of the year. $0.11 is translation; base business is around $0.03, lower tax rate is $0.02 and everything else is a negative $0.03.
David Speer: Regarding the geographic Q1 data, John, China was up nearly 20%; Latin America was up about 12%; Europe, 12%; and the Australia, New Zealand region was up about 6%.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And how would that have trended through the quarter just kind of sequentially? I mean was there any -- obviously these are very good numbers, was there any noticeable or discernible change anywhere?
David Speer: No, no. That's you mean throughout the quarter? No.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, and even versus kind of what the trend had been.
David Speer: No, I wouldn't say there was any, I mean obviously, what we've seen in, I think, what John highlighted in his comments, the auto build came in stronger than the original forecast for the quarter. Clearly, the activity in the Welding and the Electronic segments were quite strong, stronger than the initial estimates we had in our Q1 data. So those are probably be the ones I would highlight as being significantly stronger and on the Construction side, the construction market data was weaker than what we had anticipated. So that's sort of the puts and takes.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: One last one just, David, other than translation, do you think the weak dollar is having a some sort of a business impact on ITW anywhere?
David Speer: No, nothing significant.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: I just want to go back to the comment about the trends in the quarter, because you did I think 9% organic in the two months ended February, and you did 11.7% for the quarter. So that implies that March was probably at 14%. Is that right?
David Speer: Yes. March also was a 23-day month. So it was significantly a bigger month in terms of days than the other 2 months.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, but if I could go back to last year, I mean it would have been the same days in March, wouldn't it?
David Speer: I couldn't tell you that without looking at the calendar, it might have been. Nigel, I was talking about relative to January and February, if I misunderstood your question. March was clearly overall stronger than January and February. If you look at it on a daily average basis, it was only modestly better than February.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, I understand that. Switching gears to the sale of the Finishing business. Does this signal, I mean I understand that, that might be the best situation. But does this signal a bit more of an active management of the portfolio? And secondarily, on top of that, going back to kind of the Services, that business that you would put to sale back in 2008, I mean is that back on the cards like the 12 months or so?
David Speer: Well, I think what we've said, Nigel, that we've been looking at, and continue to look at our portfolio of businesses as part of our strategic planning process. The Finishing businesses, we have had that platform, if you will, around now since about 20-plus years now. It was a question in those particular groups of businesses as to whether we could grow significantly out of the base businesses that we had and make it to a much larger platform than that. And to do that, we would really needed to have expanded significantly into the liquid pump category. And after looking at that, over a number of period of time, it became apparent with the large players that were in that market space that, that probably is not likely. And we obviously were approached and held discussions about a business that while it had good returns, didn't have strong growth characteristics in and of itself. It wasn't going to offer us the opportunity to significantly scale that platform. So I think that's a pretty good model as to how we would look at, looking at various parts of our portfolio and I think that this one obviously led to significant transaction that will occur some time either late Q2 or Q3.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: And then on the price rules, I mean you're looking to really catch up in the second half of the year. It looks like Construction Products, Industrial products and polymers were the 3 most impacted. Can you maybe just talk about some of the pricing actions you take in this businesses and how the materials kind of comp year-over-year in those 3 businesses?
David Speer: I think in the 3, you said were Construction, Industrial Packaging?
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: Industrial Packaging and Polymers.
David Speer: In Construction I think it's simply a question of lag. The biggest input cost in Construction that drives that is steel, and we had significant increases in late Q4 and in the mid-Q1. The increase has slowed during the latter part of the quarter, but significant recovery is already underway and expect to see the impact of that during Q2. Similarly, on the Industrial Packaging side, largely driven by steel and to a lesser extent, by plastic prices. Those are the 2 key inputs for them, the steel strapping and plastic strapping. And a similar sort of answer there in that price recovery, price actions have been taken, we'd expect to see the benefit of that occur during Q2 as well. On the Polymers & Fluids, it's basically chemicals and resin cost that have increased significantly. And much of that occurred during the quarter. So significant increases that were not fully recovered during the quarter, we'd expect to see significant change in that during Q2 as the pricing actions take hold. And we begin to recover from some fairly dramatic cost increases. Some of the cost increases in terms of our input chemicals were up in the 30-plus percent range during the quarter. So a pretty dramatic increase but I think with the pricing actions in place, we'll see significant improvement during Q2.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: Are these first round price increases or are these second or third round?
David Speer: Most are second and third round.
Operator: The next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal with FBR.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So to me, the comments on the outlook sound a lot more confident and obviously raised your guidance. So I imagine some of that relates to your CapEx related businesses that are coming back. So maybe talk a little bit about that and where those businesses are versus previous peak?
David Speer: Yes, If you look at, Ajay, the businesses that have really shown strength in Q1, coming off of some probably weaker growth numbers in the second half of last year, certainly in the Welding space, strong growth in Q1. We had good growth in Q3 and Q4, so those businesses clearly have solid traction now. Test & Measurement showed good numbers, good improvement in Q4 and a nice quarter in Q1. So obviously, those businesses have traction, both of them, obviously fall into that Capital Equipment category. And then finally, the Food Equipment group, which we saw some strong equipment numbers during in Q1, as John pointed out in his comments, 9% overall, our organic growth rate in the equipment businesses in Q1. That's really the first strong quarter we've seen in the Food Equipment group. So the later cycle, Equipment businesses have clearly shown some good strength during Q1, building on what had been some earlier good quarters with 2 of the 3, but with the Food Equipment group really the first strong quarter we've seen in some time. In terms of relationship to peak, I wouldn't have the exact data. But based on their participation in this recovery, we wouldn't be any more than perhaps 50% recovered in the Welding space and probably close to that in Test & Measurement but well below that in the Food Equipment space.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Dave, one more question if I could on the capital allocation. So very solid and undelivered balance sheet on many metrics, and given that the macro environment is stabilizing, I would submit you have capacity to do both acquisitions and a sizable share buyback and the stock obviously having a nice run today but very cheap at least, in my book. So maybe share your thoughts on a sizable buyback, what would be the reasons not to do that?
David Speer: Well, I think as we've said all along, it's not either or. It's a we have the opportunity to do both. We announced, when we announced the transaction of the Finishing businesses that we intended to use all of those proceeds for share repurchase. So we certainly would expect it to be doing that. And we also have said independent of that, that looking at our acquisition profile for the year and we do that during the Q2 time period that we would expect to see where we think the year will trend. We did not change the guidance on the acquisition profile for the year. But I would expect that based on where we are today that we will certainly be active in doing share repurchase.
Operator: The next question comes from Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a couple of clarification questions. First, Ron, on the material headwind discussion, I got confused between a 30 basis point number you threw out and an 80 to 90 basis point number you threw out. I just wonder if you can clarify, the 80 to 90 the 2Q year-over-year?
Ronald Kropp: Yes. The 80 to 90 2Q year-over-year, 30 is from the first quarter of '11 to second quarter of '11.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, so sequentially. And then back to this comp issue. I think what I'm just trying to understand is what's really changed with regard to your organic growth outlook for the year? And I guess the question simply is, is it symmetrical with where the outperformance was in the first quarter, which to me looked largely in the Power Systems area, or have you changed your forecast in some other areas as well?
David Speer: We certainly changed in other areas. You're right in pointing out that we had a very strong quarter in Power Systems but we also had very strong quarters in several other businesses. As John highlighted in the Transportation segment, Industrial Packaging, Test & Measurement, the Food Equipment groups. So clearly, the profile of what we have seen in the change in the organic numbers is based not solely on what we've seen in Welding but fairly broadly across the board. If you look at the overall number at 9%, roughly for the year, that's about 1.5% higher than the original forecast we provided in January. So we expect the continued strong performance in organic to be above our original guidance.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: David, on the 8% for the second quarter, I was wondering what you're assuming for seasonal inventory builds in Construction, which last year I think drove stronger organic than we all thought. Maybe that came back in, in the back half. What are you seeing so far in April, second half of March there? It sounds like you are indicating that was a little weaker than you thought but maybe if you can just take us through what you're also assuming for the second quarter there?
David Speer: In Construction North America?
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: In Construction, yes.
David Speer: I don't anticipate a significant uptick in Construction in North America and anything related to inventory. I think at the current levels, both in Housing and in Commercial, that we're not going to see any significant uptick in my mind. The market is weaker today in Housing as it was this time last year, so there's no reason for anybody to consider building any significant inventory levels. And the weakness in starts on commercial projects would indicate a similar trend there. So I don't expect we'll see any significant change in inventory profile during the quarter.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just lastly, David, I wonder if you can comment on where you think market shares are moving either up or down across the portfolio?
David Speer: In Construction again?
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just across the portfolio now.
David Speer: That's a pretty broad question. I mean...
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Tough one I know, with all the businesses you have but an important one, too, right?
David Speer: I think if you look at the growth rates across the portfolio compared to the market growth rates, think with almost no exceptions, the growth rates for us have been higher than the growth rates in the underlying markets, which would indicate at least some level of market penetration gain. Share numbers in markets across our businesses obviously vary widely, but I would suggest that we clearly have seen penetration gains in nearly every segment. Probably strongest in construction in North America because the market is weak and we continue to show signs of growth. But we also saw it obviously in the numbers that we showed in Transportation. In some of the other markets, it's harder to get a precise sort of measure, if you will, of share but relative to market growth rates, I think overall, we probably comped growth rates that are probably 1 in the quarter to 1.5x the market growth rates.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Koznarek from Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Question for Ron. On Slide 6, there is the VM & OH cost, and that's where the raw material price versus cost bucket is, is that correct?
Ronald Kropp: Yes. That is the changes in margins and revenue related to non-volume items. So that would include higher or lower overhead, changes in variable margin, benefits of restructuring, that kind of stuff.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: You said in the quarter that raw material price cost was 100. So there's 100 of something else going on here as well. Is there a budget that you have for that overall category for the year? Do you expect it to -- are you going to be able to work that thing down as we go through the year? I think you've already commented on the price cost with raw materials but what about the other piece here?
Ronald Kropp: But it's not really a budget. But clearly, we expect the impact to mitigate as we move throughout the year, partly as we start to anniversary some of the cost increases that we saw towards the end of last year.
David Speer: Mark, I would just add that obviously, this includes overhead cost and clearly, we did budget increasing overheads. So we would expect these are again year-on-year comparables. So we would expect based on our budgets that we're going to see continued negative numbers on a comparable basis as overhead cost having budgeted higher. I think the half of this that is related to raw material, what I think what Ron was trying to put in perspective is we'd expect that headwind for the year to be probably 50 basis points, not the 100 that we saw for the quarter.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: So that's going to be the only drop out of that particular line item, there's nothing else that you're working on sort of behind the scenes?
David Speer: No, but obviously, the change in overhead cost are already built into our margin forecast for the year. So these year-on-year comparables, to the extent we add overhead, you'll obviously see a negative number in that line.
Ronald Kropp: In the fourth quarter last year, we had some also some one-off corporate adjustments that don't necessarily repeat and could go the other way.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: The next question I have here was the acquisitions that you did in the quarter. The price is a lot higher than what you're averaging for 2010. It's that 1.7x sales rather than 1.0 and hopefully, that means it's some more profitable businesses that you're buying. So I guess that's question number one, are you just outright paying more or are you -- this the same kind of hurdle rates are being achieved, just you're buying more input profitability?
David Speer: Yes, it's all of the above, Mark. Clearly, you're right. For the quarter, the comparison of revenues acquired to purchase price is higher. We also bought businesses, notably SOPUS, which come with much stronger growth. Organic growth in that business in the 8% range and much higher margin profile. So if you look at it on an EBITDA basis, I think year-to-date, we're probably slightly north of 8x EBITDA on what we've purchased. So from an earnings standpoint, higher growth businesses with stronger earnings characteristics obviously lead to a higher revenue to acquisition price relationship but I think it's better to look at it on a return basis. So the answer to your question is the return profiles are very similar, but the growth rates and the margin profile, particularly of several of the acquisitions, were definitely different.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Well, if that's the case, then, David, if you're starting out at a higher margin, it seems like there's less opportunity to work the 80-20 magic and discover additional savings and opportunities as there would be when you're buying your standard kind of single-digit margin stuff. So is it going to be longer before we see a return flow through in the income statement for these businesses?
David Speer: No. I think the formula for getting there is different. We don't expect to see the typical doubling plus of margins in the business that already comes with high margins. We'll see some improvement. 80-20 will, in fact, yield some improvements in those margins. But obviously it's more based on strong growth with higher margin businesses. And yes, we would fully expect to see those returns beginning to come through in the latter half of the year. You may recall, that obviously the first year of any acquisition, we don't get a lot of -- you don't get a lot of earnings impact in year 1, because of all the amortization step up, and inventories and so forth. But we fully would expect to see the profile in those businesses to yield very strong results in 2012 and ahead.
Ronald Kropp: Mark, remember, we've done 9 deals, thus far, the SOPUS deal being the biggest, which we paid more for but I think if you look at the other deals, they are that more traditional ITW, what we pay levels.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I wanted to follow up on the Food Equipment group. There are a couple data points in there that I wonder if we can get a little bit color on. The lack of any growth in the North American Service business, is that just say an odd comp or something seasonal? Or does it reflect something going on in end market activity? And this is the one segment where your variable margin overhead cost contribution impact was negligible, and I wondered if that means that cost versus materials is actually under much better control there, or if that is just simply a function of some unusual adjustments that offset the drag from materials headwind?
David Speer: I think on the latter, their primary input materials are stainless steel. And while they have risen, they haven't risen nearly as much as what we've seen with the carbon steel materials. So you're clearly, you're seeing a much more modest impact on their input cost as a result. Their price increase plans covered what they have seen, thus far, in raw material increases. So we haven't seen much of a headwind price cost in that group for our businesses. Regarding the service, yes, I don't draw a whole lot of conclusions from that modest 0.5% growth in North America. We'll see as the year unfolds. But typically, in this business as we expect to see organic growth in this business is somewhere in the 2% to 4% range in a sort of a normal environment. Last year, clearly higher, as people were servicing equipment and not buying new equipments. So we'll probably see some trends unfold here as the year progresses but I don't expect that's going to be radically different from what we had budgeted.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then I wanted to ask about on any impact that you've seen or more worried that you will see as knock-on effect from Japan outside of the auto industry, more specifically in Electronics, and realizing that you don't do a lot of business there, I'm probing for knock-on concerns.
David Speer: Yes, we've done a pretty good look at our supply chain. We're not done with it as you might imagine, it's fairly dynamic. The areas of highlight for us in terms of the supply-chain impact outside of the auto industry as you pointed out, because we covered that already, clearly the Electronics category that has more of an impact on our customers. It's not a significant supply lines or supply-chain issue for us, but it is for a number of our customers particularly with some of the higher-end performance products that Japan is still a significant producer of, silicon wafers and so forth. We expect there'll be some knock-on impact there as things flow through the supply chain, hard to predict right now. We haven't seen any significant change in the demand profile but we expect, as we hear more about customers there'll be some impact in our Electronics businesses. We have some modest impact on availability of some raw materials. Some of the high-performance, printed papers that we use in the Decorative Surfaces category, are sourced from a number of Japanese suppliers, and there has been some modest disruption in the supply chain there. We carry a fairly hefty amount of inventory in those products, so we don't expect that there would be any significant impact. But we are clearly looking at the supply chain across our businesses. And I expect that what we've seen so far is probably more of an impact on our customers and our direct supply chains and probably at this point, I would say primarily in the Electronics weighted category.
Ronald Kropp: David, just to confirm the obvious that you've factored some kind of a haircut into your forecast for that.
David Speer: Yes, we have. And we do about $200 million a year in Japan in revenues and we've obviously factored the haircut into that as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Tiss with Buckingham Research Group.
Alexander Sacco - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: It's Alex in for Joel. Can you just talk about on the sequential improvement in Power Systems, how sustainable is that, what the largest drivers are?
David Speer: Well, obviously, we saw strong performance as John pointed out in his comments, particularly in the Welding portion of Power Systems. And the other big one obviously is Electronics. As John noted, the Consumer Electronics category was up about 16% during Q1. That's coming off of a very strong comparable to last year. I expect we'll see that comparable dampen down because we also saw strong growth in Q2 and Q3 last year in the Electronics segments. So I don't expect it to maintain mid-teen growth going forward. The Welding segment, very strong performance in North America driven by heavy equipment in the manufacturing environment. And I expect that we'll continue to see improvements there. But as John also pointed out, the comps, as the year unfolds, get more difficult particularly the latter half of the year. In the second half of the year, we saw some reasonable increase in the Welding equipment space in 2010. So those comps clearly won't continue at the 20-plus percent numbers that John was talking about.
Alexander Sacco - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right. And on the margin improvement side?
David Speer: Margin improvement side, I expect to continue to see strong margin as we begin to see the incrementals unfold on those businesses based on some pretty strong demand against a fixed cost base that will not increase nearly as rapidly. So I expect we'll continue to see strong margins there. The Welding business margin peak, just to put that in perspective, is close to 28%. So we're not close to that number yet but we'll continue to see, I think, margin improve there, as well as the Electronics segment.
Operator: There are actually no other questions in the queue at this time.
Ronald Kropp: Well, then, we won't take the question.
John Brooklier: Thank you very much. Thanks to everybody who joined us, and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you, José.
Operator: This does concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives: David Speer - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Ronald Kropp - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President John Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co. David Raso - ISI Group Inc. Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] And now I would now like to turn the meeting over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Brooklier. Sir, you may begin.
John Brooklier: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's ITW Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. With me today as usual is our CEO, David Speer; and our CFO, Ron Kropp. And I'll now turn the call over to David, who will make some introductory remarks. David?
David Speer: Thank you, John. I'm pleased to report that our fourth quarter was highlighted by very solid organic revenue growth company-wide as well as our continuing operating margin improvement.  Organic revenues increased 9.1% in the fourth quarter with North American organic revenues increasing 8.9% and international organic revenues growing 9.2%. You may recall, we had initially forecasted our total company organic revenues to grow 8% in the fourth quarter. We're also very pleased with the double-digit organic revenue growth contributions from a variety of our business platforms. These include our Welding, Electronics, Industrial Packaging and Custom Measurement businesses. Notably, all of these businesses produced significant operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter versus the year-earlier period.  While we formally announced that the fourth quarter EPS was $0.79 a share, that was 19% lower than the year-ago period, but our fourth quarter EPS would've been 30% higher than the fourth quarter of 2009 if you exclude the $0.37 per share favorable discrete tax adjustment that we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009.  For the total company, fourth quarter operating margins of 13.9% were 120 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Our base businesses accounted for 50 basis points of operating margin improvement. However, our fourth quarter operating margins ended up lower than our initial expectations due to price cost, inventory and acquisition-related expenses. Ron will talk more about this in a few moments.  Finally, I want to take this opportunity to thank the women and men of ITW for a job well done over the past year. Full-year 2010 was a very strong recovery year for us with our overall organic revenues growing 10.8%. Our operating margins improved by more than 480 basis points, and our EPS increased significantly. These strong financial metrics were in large part due to the efforts of our people who very capably led our many businesses around the world.  Now let me turn the call back over to John.
John Brooklier: Thank you, David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us in a few moments to talk about the financial highlights for Q4. I will then cover Q4 operating highlights for our eight reporting segments. Ron will then talk about our 2011 forecast. Finally, we'll open the call to your questions. As always, we ask for your cooperation for a one question and one follow-up question policy with a call that will last one hour today.  First, let's cover some mandatory housekeeping items. This conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including, without limitation, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing operations, acquisition activity, restructuring expenses and related benefits, tax rate and market conditions and the company's related forecast.  Finally, the telephone playback for this conference call is (402) 998-1344. The replay is available through midnight of February 14, 2011, and no pass code is necessary.  Now here's Ron Kropp, who will comment on our 2010 fourth quarter financial highlights. Ron?
Ronald Kropp: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone. Here are the highlights for the fourth quarter. Revenues increased 11% primarily due to higher base revenues. Operating income was $580 million, which was higher than last year by $103 million. Margins of 13.9% were higher by 120 basis points.  Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $0.79, which was lower than last year by $0.19. However, as David mentioned, the fourth quarter of last year included discrete tax benefits of $0.37 per share. Excluding these tax benefits, diluted income per share this year would've been 30% higher than a year ago. This quarter's EPS of $0.79 was just above the midpoint of our previously provided range of $0.74 to $0.82. Included in this $0.79 were higher income from base revenues, which added $0.01 versus the forecast; a lower than expected tax rate, which increased earnings $0.035; and favorable currency translation, which also added $0.01. These favorable items were partially offset by lower-than-expected margins, which reduced earnings by $0.03; lower contributions from acquisitions, which lowered income by $0.01; and lower nonoperating income, which also reduced earnings $0.01. Finally, free operating cash flow was $368 million or 94% of net income.  Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 11% revenue increase was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenues were up 9.1%, which was lower than last quarter by 210 basis points. As David mentioned, we have continued to see solid revenue gains worldwide led by the Welding, Electronics, Industrial Packaging and Test & Measurement businesses. North American base revenue increased 8.9%, and international base revenue increased 9.2%, which were lower than the third quarter increases of 11.5% and 10.8%, respectively, due to the tougher comparables.  Next, currency translation decreased revenues by 1.4%, which was favorable by 100 basis points versus the third quarter currency impact. Lastly, acquisitions net of divestitures added 3.4% to revenue growth, which was 10 basis points lower than the third quarter acquisition impact.  Operating margins for the fourth quarter of 13.9% were higher than last year by 120 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 50 basis points due to the favorable impact of the higher sales volume, partially offset by the negative impact of non-volume items. Non-volume items reduced margins by 190 basis points, which was unfavorable versus the third quarter year-over-year down by an impact by 60 basis points.  Included in non-volume impact for the fourth quarter were lower costs as part of past restructuring programs, which improved margins by 20 basis points; offset by the unfavorable impact of price costs, which reduced margins by 80 basis points; inventory-related adjustments, which reduced margins by 30 basis points; and miscellaneous corporate items, which reduced margins by 40 basis points. In addition, margins were higher by 80 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses last year and acquisitions reduced margins by 30 basis points.  The fourth quarter margins of 13.9% were below our forecasted range from margins of 14.2% to 15.2% due to more negative price cost impact than expected, unfavorable inventory-related adjustments such as LIFO and miscellaneous other unfavorable items.  When I'll turn it back over to John, he'll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. Turning to the nonoperating area. Other non-operating income and expense was unfavorable by $2.5 million versus last year. The fourth quarter effective tax rate of 27% was unfavorable versus last year's rate of negative 13% as a result of the previously mentioned favorable discrete benefits last year.  For the full year of 2010, the effective tax rate was 31%. The forecasted tax rate for 2011 is between 29% and 30%. For the full year, revenues increased 14% and operating income was 70% higher. Diluted income per share from continuing operations of $3.03 was 57% higher than last year. Free operating cash flow was $1.3 billion for the full year.  For the full year, our 14.4% revenue increase was primarily due to base revenue increases of 10.8%. Revenues were higher by 3% due to acquisitions and 0.8% due to translation. For the full year, North American base revenues increased 10.9% and international base revenues were up 10.4%.  Full-year operating margins of 14.8% were higher than 2009 by 480 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 360 basis points, acquisitions reduced margins by 20 basis points and lower impairment and restructuring charges improved margins by 70 and 80 basis points, respectively.  Turning to the balance sheet. Total invested capital increased $397 million from the third quarter, primarily due to currency translation and acquisitions. Accounts receivable DSO was 57.8 days versus 58.9 days at the end of the third quarter.  Inventory month on hand was 1.7 at the end of the quarter versus 1.8 last quarter. For the fourth quarter, capital expenditures were $91 million and depreciation was $86 million. ROIC for the fourth quarter increased to 15.6% versus 13.9% last year.  On the financing side, our debt level decreased approximately $552 million from the third quarter and debt to capital was 23%. Cash on the balance sheet decreased to $1.2 billion from $1.6 billion at the end of the third quarter.  Our cash position decreased $459 million in the fourth quarter as our free operating cash flow of $368 million was utilized for acquisitions of $208 million and dividends of $169 million. In addition, cash was used to repay debt of approximately $550 million.  During the fourth quarter, we acquired eight companies which had annual revenues of $131 million. For the full year, we acquired 24 businesses with acquired revenues of $530 million.  I'll now turn it back over to John, who'll provide more details on the fourth quarter operating results.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Let me cover our fourth quarter segment highlights, and we'll start with our Transportation segment. In Q4 '10, total segment revenues increased 8.8% versus the year-ago period. Our organic revenues, also known as base revenues, grew 7.1% in Q4 compared to the year-earlier period. Operating margins in Q4, up 14.2%, were 40 basis points lower than the year-ago period.  Moving to the next slide. Our Transportation segment, which mainly consists of our Worldwide Auto OEM business produced Q4 organic revenue growth of 7.1% versus the year-ago period. Our Global Auto OEM business grew organic revenues 8.5% in the quarter with our North American Auto unit decreasing 11.1% and international units growing 6.6%. By comparison, North American Auto builds increased 8% while our European Auto builds actually declined 4% in Q4 versus the year-ago period.  Once again, these numbers clearly demonstrate our ability to grow above underlying market conditions. Thanks to our product innovation and platform penetration programs. For full year 2011, we are forecasting North American Auto builds to be in the range of 12.4 million to 12.6 million units, and European Auto builds to be in the range of 18.4 million to 18.6 million units.  The forecast to 2011 North American Auto builds would represent market growth of 5% versus 2010. And in Europe, the 2011 forecasted Auto build would represent modest market growth of 1% versus 2010.  In our Auto Aftermarket Group of businesses contained within the segment, Q4 organic revenues were essentially flat versus the year-ago period. We believe inventory rebalancing at retail outlets and poor December weather negatively impacted our revenues in the quarter.  Industrial Packaging. Q4 total segment revenues increased 12.6% versus the year-ago period, and Q4 base revenues grew a similar 12.6% compared to the year-ago period. Operating margins in Q4 of 9.4% were 220 basis points higher than Q4 '09. Industrial Packaging's organic revenue growth at 12.6% in Q4 was related to solid underlying industrial production fundamentals to contributions from a number of our worldwide businesses.  In Q4, our total North American Industrial Packaging units grew organic revenues 15.3% versus Q4 '09. In addition, our total International Industrial Packaging units increased organic revenues 10.2% versus the year-ago period. Sequential indicator businesses, such as our North American Plastic & Steel Strapping businesses and their international counterparts, produced base revenue growth of 21% and 6.6%, respectively, versus the year-ago period.  Finally, our Protective Packaging Products known for their protective cornerboard and specialty air bag product used for transport, grew organic revenues 10.8% in Q4 versus the year-ago period.  Moving to Food Equipment. Q4 total segment revenues increased 4.4% versus Q4 '09. Organic revenues grew 5.5% in Q4 versus the year-ago period, making it the strongest quarter of organic growth in 2010. Operating margins in Q4 of 12.6% were 140 basis points lower than the year-earlier period.  The Food Equipment segment's improvement in Q4 organic revenue growth of 5.5% versus Q4 '09 was directly tied to better worldwide equipment sales. While our North American organic revenues only increased less than 1%, equipment base revenues grew 3.3% in the quarter compared to Q4 '09. We believe this is an early sign that U.S.-based CapEx spending in this category may improve as we progress through 2011.  Organic revenues for our Service business actually declined 1.2% in Q4 due to both tough comparisons and higher cost in the quarter associated with consolidating our service efforts for our French Cooking businesses.  Internationally, Q4 organic revenues grew 9.8% versus the year-ago period with both Europe and Asia-Pacific contributing to growth in the quarter.  Moving to our Power Systems & Electronics segment. Q4 total segment revenues grew 22.8% versus the year-ago period. Notably, our organic revenues increased 21.4% compared to Q4 '09. And operating margins in Q4 of 20% were 530 basis points higher than Q4 '09 thanks to significant gains in operating leverage.  Similar to prior 2010 quarters, the segment's strong Q4 organic revenue growth of 21.4% was directly related to the Welding and PC Board Fabrication businesses. Our worldwide Welding organic revenues grew 18.1% versus Q4 '09. And from a geographic standpoint, North American Welding base revenues grew 23.3% due to ongoing strong demand from heavy equipment OEMs and assorted manufacturers.  Our International Welding Q4 base revenues increased a more modest 7.3% versus the year-ago period with Europe contributing double-digit growth. Asia Pacific's organic revenues, I should say, grew at a lesser rate.  The PC Board Fabrication businesses produced another strong quarter of organic quarter with base revenues increasing 48.9% versus Q4 '09. And once again, growth continued to be driven by strong demand by consumers for electronic products, including familiar products such as cell phones, PDAs, personal computers and iPads.  Moving to Construction Products. Q4 total segment revenues grew 10.8% versus the year-ago period, and organic revenues increased 2.6% compared to Q4 '09. Operating margins, 11.5%, were 160 basis points higher than the year-ago period. The segment's Q4 organic growth of 2.6% was driven by relatively strong demand for construction products in Europe.  In the quarter, European organic revenues grew 8.3% versus the year-ago period. And countries such as Germany and France and assorted other Northern European countries were the best geographies for our Construction businesses. Organic revenues for Asia-Pacific, which is primarily driven by Australia and New Zealand, were essentially flat in the quarter. In North America, the construction end markets continue to be challenging. And for example, NAHP recently reported that Q4 '10 housing starts were actually 5% lower than Q4 '09.  And Dodge reported that full-year 2010 Commercial Construction activity per square footage declined 18% versus full year 2010. But compared to these markets, our Residential Construction and Commercial Construction businesses outperformed with organic revenue declines of 4.1% and 4.3%, respectively, versus the prior-year quarter.  The best news in the segment was that our Q4 renovation organic revenues grew 1.8% versus Q4 '09, and much of this growth was due to improved performance by the large box stores, including retailers such as Home Depot and Lowe's.  Moving to Polymers & Fluids. Q4 total segment revenues grew 10.3% versus the year-ago period with organic revenues increasing 5.2% in the quarter compared to the year-ago period. Operating margins of 13.5% were 40 basis points lower than 2009 fourth quarter.  The segment's organic revenue growth of 5.2% from the quarter was tied to improving industrial demand for both Polymers & Fluids products, especially in our international markets. Our International Polymers businesses produced organic revenue growth of 6.6% in Q4 '10 versus the prior year due to strong contributions from our Latin American and Asia-Pacific businesses.  In North America, Polymers' organic revenues increased a more modest 2.1% in Q4, and International Fluids had strong organic growth of 7% in Q4 versus Q4 '09, but the North American base revenues declined 3% in the quarter.  Moving to Decorative Surfaces. Q4 total segment revenues decreased 10 basis points versus the year-ago period. Organic revenue growth was better with base revenues increasing 2.3% compared to the year-earlier period. Operating margins of 9.2% were 20 basis points lower than the year-ago period.  Decorative Surfaces Q4 organic revenue growth of 2.3% versus the year-ago period reflect the contributions from both North America and International operations. In our North American laminate business, organic revenues grew 6.5% compared to Q4 '09. That represents our best quarterly organic growth rate of the year and underpins our belief that Commercial Construction demand, the largest category served by Decorative Surfaces is continuing to improve.  In addition, the Wilsonart business continues to be a premier innovator of high-pressure laminate products, bolstering its penetration efforts. Internationally, our organic revenues grew 2.4% versus Q4 '09, thanks largely due to contributions from strong businesses in China and other parts of Asia.  And finally, our All Other segment. Total revenues grew 14% versus the year-ago period. Organic revenues increased 11.2% compared to Q4 '09 and operating margins of 16.6% were 170 basis points higher than the year-ago period. The segment's strong Q4 organic revenue growth rate of more than 11% was mostly due to contributions from the four major business groups in this segment.  In Test & Measurement, our organic revenues grew an impressive 19.5% in Q4 versus the year-ago period. This core growth was largely tied to improvements in demand for equipment products in Asia-Pacific, especially China.  In Finishing, organic revenues increased 16.7% in Q4 versus Q4 '09. Both the North American and International businesses benefited from improved end-market demand for our paint, spray, equipment and consumables.  Our Industrial Appliance organic revenues grew 8% in Q4 compared to the year-ago period and experienced good growth in both our North American and International businesses. And finally, our Q4 Consumer Packaging organic revenues increased 5%, and that's mainly due to contributions from our Decorating and Graphics businesses.  Now let me turn the call back over to Ron, who will cover our 2011 forecast and our underlying assumptions. Ron?
Ronald Kropp: Thanks, John. Before I get to the 2011 forecast, I'd like to discuss a reporting calendar change that we announced today.  As you may recall, historically, our International businesses have reported on a one-month lag with a fiscal year end of November 30. Effective with the beginning of 2011, we are eliminating this one-month lag. Prior to the end of the first quarter, we will provide revised 2010 operating results to reflect this change.  Now, turning to the forecast. For the first quarter of 2011 based on the new calendar reporting, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.81 to $0.87. The low end of this range assumes a 12% increase in total revenues versus estimated 2010 and the high end of the range assumes a 15% increase. These revenue growth ranges are based on estimated revenues for 2010 under the new calendar year reporting.  For the full-year 2011, our forecasted EPS range is $3.60 to $3.84 per share based on a total revenue increase of 11.5% to 14.5% versus estimated 2010 revenues, implicit in this guidance are full-year margins of 15% to 16%.  Other assumptions included in this forecast are: exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion, restructuring cost of $30 million to $40 million for the year and a tax- rate range between 29% and 30% for the first quarter and full year.  I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. And once again, we ask everyone to honor our one question, one follow-up question policy. The first question, I should say?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: A couple of questions. One on the material cost price headwind. Can you just give a little more color on which segments it impacted most and what your assumptions are for 2011 on material cost price? And then as we think about margin progression throughout the year, is there any -- do we expect a normal seasonal pattern? Or are there any -- is material costs can be more negative in the first half versus second half? I'm just trying to think about how to think about the year.
David Speer: Yes, Jamie, let me comment on Q4 first just overall. And then Ron could add some more detail. In terms of the cost side, the cost issues that we have seen, some acceleration in input costs really revolve around steel, plastics and some chemicals. And those impacted probably most significantly as you would've seen in some of the variable margin, overhead margin numbers on the slides, the Food Equipment group, Decorative Surfaces and Industrial Packaging were probably the ones most impacted. Ron can comment a little bit more on the detail. But obviously, as usual, we expect to recover these costs. There's always some lag associated with that. And I would expect that as we move forward, there's probably something on the order of a 90-day lag all-in to recover on cost. We did see acceleration during the quarter on some of these cost increases, which were beyond what we had originally anticipated when we provided our Q4 guidance.
Ronald Kropp: So overall for the quarter, price cost had an impact of about negative 80 basis points for the total company. The segments that had a bigger impact were Industrial Packaging, negative 180 basis points; Construction, negative 90; Decorative Surfaces, negative 160; and all other, negative 120. For 2011, clearly the based on current price levels and comparables of 2010, we'll see a much bigger impact of price cost in the early part of the year. So the first quarter, we're estimating something along the lines of 80 to 100 basis points negative, and for the full year, something like negative 30 to negative 50 for price cost.
David Speer: So in terms of your question on seasonality, obviously, as we report the new calendar, there will be some change in seasonality. But I think when you look at the comparables, when we report those, we would expect that new norm to play out in our 2011 forecast guidance.
Operator: David Raso, ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: The first quarter and full year, can you give any color on the organic growth baked into the total revenue growth?
Ronald Kropp: Sure. So in the total revenue growth of -- in the 13.5% rate, basis is around 7% to 9%, and that's a little bit more skewed towards International, than North America. North America might be in the 6.5% to 7.5% range; international, 8.5% to 9.5%. For the full year of the total revenues, about half is base, so 6% to 7%, and North America is in the 5% to 6% range, international, 7% to 8%.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: The reason I asked, especially with the price versus cost comment for the first quarter, if you have that say 8% core growth in the first quarter and we have the tax rate, let's assume the share count stays the same. It's implying the incremental margins, and I know the base is going to change a little bit, but the incremental margins in the first quarter have to be very strong to do $0.84, I mean, literally over 40%, 45% unless the acquired revenues coming in are uniquely profitable, which at this stage of the cycle, they're usually not. Can you help square that off against, 8% core growth in the first quarter? You need incrementals of almost near 45%, 50% to hit the midpoint of the EPS range.
David Speer: David, remember the guidance we're providing for Q1 is with the new calendar, so the new calendar is obviously somewhat different than the old calendar with the new calendar being January through March for the international units. March is replacing December, which December traditionally in our international units is one of the weaker months. So there may be something wrong with the math and the assumptions there, but I think John can probably cover that in more detail with you perhaps off-line.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: I think it's an important element because the first quarter earnings are usually only about a fifth of the year. So if you're doing 80-plus cents in the first quarter, we're talking a $4 historical run rate, which is obviously above the full-year guidance and, obviously, a positive development. But again, I can't -- if you can at least quantify a little bit the difference of dropping off December '09 and essentially adding March of '10 into the base of the first quarter. I mean how much can that be, $50 million?
Ronald Kropp: Well, as we say, we're not ready to release the restated numbers until March, so we can't get too specific on it because we don't have it. But typically, the swing between December and March might be $50 billion, $60 billion per share.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: So you're getting a very profitable month and dropping a particularly, particularly weak?
David Speer: Yes, exactly.
Operator: Henry Kirn, UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Wondering if you could give a little segment color for your organic growth expectations for 2011.
David Speer: Well, obviously the growth rates we're talking about and as, I think you saw in Q4, we're talking about pretty strong organic growth across nearly all the segments. Some of the later segments to recover that probably will show some of the more impressive growth rates will be certainly in the Test & Measurement and Food Equipment areas, which are just now starting to show some positive growth on the equipment side. This is the first quarter for that in Food Equipment and the second quarter in Test & Measurement. But across the whole spectrum of the segments, we expect to see at least strong mid-digit organic growth and some of those later segments that I just spoke about double-digit organic growth. So it's pretty broad-based growth across the portfolio.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And on Food Equipment, you touched on earlier that the CapEx trends are starting to look more favorable. Are we in an inflection point at this point in CapEx sort of across Food Equipment?
David Speer: Well, it's hard to just use one quarter of data to call it a trend, but it certainly has moved in the right direction. Quotation activity is up. We saw some positive actual shipment comparisons in Q4. So our belief is, and our forecast implies, that we're going to see steady improvement in the CapEx spending on Equipment, in the Food Equipment segment, throughout 2011.
Operator: Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a point of clarification on David's question earlier, I do think it would've been helpful if in the press release you had noted that the Q1 revenue growth range of plus-15% was off an adjusted base, because I think that's for a lot of us actually backed into the same math as David presented, so I just want to make that clear. My question is just on the Construction business versus the Decorative Surfaces business. You noted that in Construction, Asia was kind of flat to down a little bit but in Decorative Surfaces, Asia was up. Can you just talk about the differences between those businesses and why one might have been flat to down and why one was up?
David Speer: Yes, the difference in Construction products, Ann, is that we have a very large concentration in the Australia and New Zealand markets and that was flat, as John highlighted in his comments. We have very modest penetration in those markets in our Decorative Surfaces businesses. Our Decorative Services businesses are almost all Asian-based, so we did see much stronger growth in those businesses than we did in the Construction businesses.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was kind of hoping that that was the reason because it had sounded first like maybe parts of the Chinese market were slowing, but that's not what you're saying.
David Speer: No. No, not all.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then as you look to offset input cost with pricing, where do you think -- which of the businesses, do you think, are going to face the most challenge or the most pushback on pricing?
David Speer: Well, I think pricing is never easy, but I think if you look at the areas we've seen the strongest increases, it's been most recently in steel prices, which obviously impacts our Industrial Packaging businesses, some in our Automotive businesses and certainly in our Construction businesses, and then more recently in some of the Plastic and the Films, PT Film [ph] (0:51:49) in particular. So all of those will be areas where we'll have to push hard to get cost recovery. But I expect, again, it's more a question of timing, not whether we'll get it, it's when we get it.
Operator: Stephen Volkmann, Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess versus my model, I was really kind of surprised mostly by the margin on Food Equipment, which was quite a bit lower than what I was looking for and maybe I just modeled it wrong. But I noticed you didn't call that out on your price cost, Ron, when you're talking about where the impact was there. So is there something going on there that we should be aware of margin wise and kind of how do we think of the trajectory going forward?
Ronald Kropp: Yes, there wasn't much price cost there this quarter. Some of the bigger items included in the non-volume part of margins inventory-related adjustments cost us 130 basis points, and that's things like reserves for LIFO and inventory reserves and standards, et cetera. Mix played a factor. Also, we had some overhead increases, specifically around things like fuel in the Service business, also some higher employee benefit costs in France. And then also there were some reserve adjustments for things like warranty. So a lot of one-off type things that all have to be negative in the quarter against the Food Equipment segment.
David Speer: You remember that I noted that in the quarter, there were associated costs with the consolidation of Service in France?
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: How much of the things do we think were kind of fourth quarter issues versus what's going to continue to be there going forward?
Ronald Kropp: I think the majority of the items are nonrecurring type of items. Obviously, the overhead increases will still be there, but there's plans in place to recapture some of that through price increases.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then just to make sure I understand this right, the guidance that you have given in terms of growth rates is against an adjusted base as if you have made this change a year ago in calendar quarter or against the actual reported numbers that we have in front of us.
Ronald Kropp: This is against an adjusted 2010, which we calendarized the results. So for instance, the first quarter revenue increase that we forecast is against January through March of 2010 revenues.
Operator: Deane Dray of Citi Investments Research.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: Just to clarify on the -- we understand that the first quarter impact on the calendarization, which we do appreciate getting these back in-sync now. But for the year, is it fair to say there's really no impact on the change in calendar?
Ronald Kropp: I mean, typically, there wouldn't be. We haven't rolled up the December international results yet. So once we get it all rolled up, we'll have the restatements out sometime before the end of the first quarter.
David Speer: Our answer to that, Deane, is that it would be unlikely there would be any significant changes by just reformatting the calendar, obviously. By comparing the new restated 2010 to the new quarters to 2011, it would not be significant.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: And then on the M&A outlook, I know back in December, Ron talked about in that ballpark of $1 billion in acquired revenues. We saw the Sofa Steel come through which interestingly was in that $300 million range of sort of medium-size. So David, if you could just calibrate for us how the pipeline looks. Is Sofa these medium-sized? Are they more to come like this, pricing and private equity? So I know there's a lot there, maybe that uses up my questions, but...
David Speer: Yes, well, obviously our range at $800 million to $1 billion is significantly higher than what we actually completed in 2010. That's almost double. And we certainly have seen improvement, a steadily improvement in the pipeline throughout the year. We're entering the year with a solid pipeline. As you mentioned, the Sofa Steel, which was announced in December, we expect it to close during Q1. And that is a significant deal, and there are a number of other deals in the pipeline. I wouldn't say of that size, but certainly larger than the average that I expect will continue to give us strong optimism that this is going to be a better year. Valuations are still -- from a historic standpoint, somewhat challenging, but we're able to make, I think, headway. And we've proven that, I think, in the last several quarters with the improvement in the actual close transaction. So the pre-pipeline activity remains strong, and I'm optimistic as we head into the year that we're going to continue to see improvement in the acquisition environment for us.
Deane Dray - Citigroup Inc: The private equity change, is it normalized in terms of their bidding?
David Speer: I'd say it hasn't changed remarkably in the last couple of quarters, but I think you'll also recall that my expectation, as the year unfolds, is that we're going to see private equity in a position where they're going to be selling assets that they acquired between '05 and '08, which we really haven't seen that change yet. I do think that will happen, and I think that will be a good solid indication for us in terms of improved activity.
Operator: Eli Lustgarten, Longbow.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Two quick questions. One, you are kind enough to give us the margin impact of a major sector that was the 80 basis points. Do you have a somewhat breakdown for how the inventory affected these divisions? And I assume the corporate items are below the line? Or are they also in a breakdown where it affected each division?
Ronald Kropp: So yes, in the fourth quarter of each year, typically there are some inventory adjustments for the standards change and LIFO calculation, et cetera. We had a greater-than-expected negative impact to that. The segment that had the biggest impact, Industrial Packaging, at about 60 basis points; Transportation, 100 basis points; Food Equipment, 130 basis points; Decorative Surfaces, 50. Those are the biggest segment that had an impact. Some of the corporate items, those are considered part of operating income. And typically, what we do is we spread those on an allocated basis, so they would have an equal impact across all the segments.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: And second question. You talked about most of the operating groups showing good revenue growth given a good revenue outlook. Can you give us some color on your profitability expectations for 2011 to expect margins to be up in every sector? Where are the problems? If you can give us some idea what to expect among [indiscernible] (0:59:14)?
David Speer: I think you can certainly expect -- across the segments, we would expect to see improved margins. Certainly, those businesses that are later in the recovery like Food Equipment and Test & Measurement, we'd expect stronger margin improvement in those businesses. But all of the segments have built into their plans margin improvement during the year. As Ron highlighted, the margin range for next year is between 15% to 16%, overall margins for the company. And I think if you look at the first quarter as an example, you'll see the margins back in the high-14% range. So I think we would expect to see margin improvement and continued growth in margins reflected on the strong organic base revenues that we expect to see as well.
Operator: John Inch, Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Guys, if you adjust for all of these items, where do you expect variable contribution margins to be kind of first quarter and 2011?
Ronald Kropp: So if you look at the forecast and where we expect to be on margins, overall incrementals for the year are in that 35% range, which is pretty typical for our base businesses.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And they are what in the first quarter, Ron? Because that’s when -- you're still not getting the price recovery yet. So what is the first quarter?
Ronald Kropp: It will be less than that. We don't have an exact number because we haven't fully restated 2010, but it'd be slightly less than the 35%.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: It seems like it'll be over 30%. Is that a fair statement?
Ronald Kropp: Yes, I can’t say with any specificity around that, but that's a reasonable approximation.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So that implies variable contribution margins from first quarter, which can be higher than the 25% you just put up appear like they're going to be accelerating throughout the year.
David Speer: Yes.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just want to clarify around that. The second thing is around divestitures. I think, David, you, meaning ITW, have been stepping this up a little bit. Could you talk about what you did in terms of total divestitures in 2010 and what your plans are for, say, pruning businesses, maybe whittling down the number of reporting segments or something heading into '11 and '12?
David Speer: Yes, I don't have the exact number of business units that we divested during the year. And my guess is it's somewhere around eight or nine business in total, the largest of which was the Cigarette Stamp Tax business that we talked about back in Q3. Probably all in with all those businesses, it was probably $60 million to $70 million of revenue, something like that we divested. I think as I've indicated in past discussions, we have, in fact, built into our planning process, a review of our portfolio of businesses. And at any given time, we clearly have a number of businesses that were active in the divestiture mode. Obviously, we don't report those until they're actually divested. But that process continues, and I would expect that we'll continue to see some acceleration of that as we head into 2011 just looking at what we've been working on.
Operator: Andy Casey, Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you comment on the channel inventory actions you're seeing? Is there any de-stocking at this point? And where would you potentially be seeing the most restocking?
David Speer: Andy, I can't say you said we're seeing -- did you say de-stocking to start with?
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I'm wondering if there's anything like that going on.
David Speer: We have not seen any evidence that I'm aware of any significant de-stocking. Certainly, as the channels have rebuilt their inventories, most of the de-stocking for us was gone early in 2010. At the same time, I would say that we've seen in some businesses some modest level of restocking, but it's still fairly modest. I think as the channel adjusts perhaps to maybe some more favorable forecast and outlooks for 2011, maybe we'll see more of that in the coming quarters, but nothing that I could highlight as being significant at the moment. Most of the above market gains, as John pointed out, we've seen thus far have been more related to market penetration than to restocking.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then lastly, I guess on the fourth quarter cost side, was that all raw material driven? Or are you incurring other costs like labor add back or something like that?
David Speer: Well, there's some labor add back, there's some overhead costs. But as Ron pointed out, between the price cost and the inventory adjustment, some of which are driven by cost increases, that probably represented 60% or so of the negative impact.
Ronald Kropp: Also included in overhead is things like transportation cost going up, related to fuel and other things.
Operator: Ajay Kejriwal, FBR Capital Markets.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a couple end-market questions. First on Transportation. Clearly, you're getting some nice product penetration. So maybe share some thoughts on what the contribution could be on top of the end-market growth rates this year. And then any thoughts on what you're seeing in Asia and your expectation there?
David Speer: Well, I think if you're talking about primarily Automotive OEM business, which I assume that's what your question is directed towards. We would expect in 2011 to see penetration gains overall in the portfolio between 4% to 5% above market growth rates, which is fairly similar to what we've seen in 2010. In terms of how that plays out, obviously, it does vary somewhat by platform and geography. But overall, that's a pretty good estimate. We clearly are driving higher penetration gains in Asia at the moment as we are entering platforms that we've not participated in, in the past, particularly that is true in China and to somewhat of a lesser extent in Korea.
Ajay Kejriwal - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: David, and maybe if you can update us with your thoughts on Commercial Construction markets and overall construction markets in North America. You had given some good color in December, but any update you have there?
David Speer: Yes, I mean, I don't know that I have much additional color to add from December. Obviously, the 2010 housing numbers were less than what we'd predicted and certainly less than I think what everybody had predicted. While we expect to see some modest recovery in the housing number in 2011, it's certainly after we see that, it will be the beginning of a turnaround. I wouldn't want to call that until we see it, but we'd expect to see some modest improvement. The fourth quarter number, as John pointed out in his segment highlights, was actually down year-on-year. So I can't say we could call the turn yet in housing. In the commercial side, commercial was down 18% last year on a square-footage basis. The forecasts for 2011 are modestly negative. But frankly, until we see a quarter worth of data, I'm not sure that I'm ready to feel like that's turned the quarter yet either. We still have high vacancy rates in a number of those categories. So while I expect to see an improving environment, I guess my sum for North America would be probably a back-end loaded improvement latter half of 2011 before we see any solid signs that things are really improving.
Operator: Terry Darling, Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I had just a follow-up, Ron, I guess the concept of 35% incrementals kind of typical, yet on the other hand, full year 30 to 50 basis point headwind from raw materials, which I don't recall being typical but maybe that's my problem there. Is there a stronger productivity offset or something else in the mix? Or is it just kind of hard to calibrate because of the change in the reporting period and so we should be thinking of these 35% incrementals more as a ballpark? Or I'm just trying to put those pieces together.
Ronald Kropp: Yes, it is a little bit hard to gauge until we fully restated everything and re-calendarize, but 35% is really kind of the long-term average. It does bounce around quarter-to-quarter. There's always a variety of issues in each quarter. And sometimes it's what happened in the prior year that matters when you're talking about incrementals. So for instance, we've had some unusual corporate items in third to fourth quarter of this year that's pulled down margins, and that'll have a beneficial incremental impact next year.
David Speer: I think the other thing to remember is we do have several businesses that we expect to see even stronger incrementals as they are later to recover. And certainly, some of the businesses like Transportation that have been at the recovery longer than Industrial Packaging, we'd expect those incrementals not to be as strong. So if you look at the individual segments, there will certainly be a range there. But I think as we look at these numbers, 35% seems like a very plausible number for 2011.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe another way of asking it is if we go back to okay the '04 to '07 period, the typical year-over-year raw material impact that you would have absorbed during that period, was it in that negative 30 to 50 basis points range?
David Speer: Certainly for the first 2.5 years of that, yes, because we saw dramatic increases particularly in steel and to a lesser extent in plastics. But as an example, between 2004 and 2006, our steel costs went up by more than double. We did not get full recovery on that, certainly on a margin basis. And in some cases, we struggled to get it on a cost basis. So we certainly don't see that as the kind of cost inflation environment we're in today. But certainly, what we saw in Q4 was accelerated from what we'd seen earlier in the year end 2010.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just trying to understand better the visibility that you guys have on your own raw material position. I guess I'm wondering as a little unusual, I think, across the group here to have had a meeting in mid-December, and then get surprised this much on raw materials. And I'm just wondering if that's really a function of the year end and you just got an unusually high amount of accrual adjustments and so forth into year end. So where on a normal kind of Q1, Q2, Q3 basis that the chance that you get surprised like this would be a lot less.
David Speer: Yes, I would agree with that. It would be a lot less. I mean, certainly, at the end of the year, there are a lot accrual true ups, particularly LIFO, as Ron mentioned. And a lot of that is driven by what happens with costs. So while we were talking with you in early December, we were really using data through October. We did not have November data when we were talking with you at that point. It became clearer to us by late December that clearly, the cost increases were higher than what we'd anticipated. And as we went through the LIFO calculations in January with the year-end numbers, the numbers obviously came out more significant. But those are items that we would expect obviously not to recur at that level particularly as we note these cost increases and look to make adjustments and also price increases as we now see that sort of trajectory.
Operator: Nigel Coe, Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: Can we just take up on the last comment you made, Ron, about pricing? How much price do you need to get to get to the 30, 50 bps pinch from raw materials? And to what extent, have you already gone out with price increases? And any color you can give by business would be very helpful.
Ronald Kropp: Well, so I think have we gone out with price increases to reflect the higher costs you've seen in the fourth quarter, absolutely. And I think the challenge is can you continue to try to stay ahead of that and costs have continued to rise even in the first quarter for things like steel. So we have put price increases in place. Our goal is to recover, not just the cost, but also the margin. And there is a 60- to 90-day lag like we talked about. It's hard to quantify it by business because even as I went through the actual price cost impact in the quarter, it's all over the place depending on what's their input and where they were in the prior year as well. So it's hard to do that especially in a forecast.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: But the effective price increase you need to get for that range, is it 2%?
David Speer: No, it's about a little over 1%, 1.25%.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just a follow-on, I'm surprised you didn't talk about Polymers & Fluids as an area of raw-material inflation given what's happening with oil prices. Are you seeing any pressure there that maybe might come through in the first half of the year?
David Speer: Yes, I mentioned that in the category of chemicals. Most of the products input materials we use would fall in that chemical category. A lot of it is based on oil prices, and we have definitely seen some rise in raw material content or pricing there. We have got obviously price increases already underway in some of those businesses as well. And the impact overall in materials in that segment is not as significant as it is in some of the higher material-content segments like Industrial Packaging. We've definitely seen cost increases in resins and chemicals.
Ronald Kropp: And just to give you a little specifics on that, in the chemicals that we used in our Polymers business were up about 10% to 12% in the quarter. And the price cost impact in Polymers and Fluids was negative 60 basis points.
Operator: Kohl Scoverson [ph], Barrington Research.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Walt Liptak with Barrington. I wanted to ask about -- the operating leverages is extremely good in Industrial Packaging and Power. Is it that some of the ones with the lower operating leverage, it's just that they've got lower organic growth rates and they’re mid or later cycle. And that you'd expect to get similar sorts of operating leverage. Or is the Power segment, Industrial Packaging just extremely good segments that have been able to perform well because of restructuring or whatever?
David Speer: Yes, I think if you look at the Power Systems & Electronics segment, while you'll see that some of the best revenue increases were in that segment. So clearly, I believe the Welding component section of that was in the 20-plus percent range, and the PC Board businesses were close to 50%. Obviously, those kind of revenue growths drive extremely strong incrementals, and they would force others that would -- with only revenue growth rates in the 10% to 12% range, obviously, to pale in comparison. So that is obviously a segment that traditionally has very strong margins. At the last peak, the margins in that segment were above 25%. So certainly, those incrementals there will continue to be impressive with those kinds of incremental growth rates, or I should say revenue growth rates.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And as some on the Food Equipment or Construction, as those start to recover whenever it is, back part of 2011 or 2012, can you see the same sort of higher-than-35% operating leverage?
David Speer: Yes, I think particularly, that would be the case particularly in the Food Equipment group. I think if you look at the traditional margins in Food Equipment, I think our last peak was above 18%. And as we reported in Q4, it was 12.5%, I think 12.6%. So obviously, growth in that segment's going to power some pretty strong incrementals. The same is true in Construction. I think in Construction, it's going to be a more a story of when we see strong improvement in the North American market from an incremental standpoint because we are certainly poised and ready to see some significant growth in that segment. We've already seen reasonable growth in Europe, and we certainly continue to see it in Asia. So in Construction, it's probably more a story of North America.
Operator: Robert Wertheimer, Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: I'm sorry for beating the dead horse a little bit here on the materials cost. I think you were negative 90 bps last quarter and 80 bps this quarter, and I understand the LIFO. But do you think you've seen it all? Or was it -- I guess the question is it potentially going to be more negative in the 1Q? Do you think you've got it covered? And then second, and I'll just ask them both and let you respond. On a more happy note, your cash flow should be more than ample to allow you to do the sort of acquisition level that you're talking about next year. Are you thinking about keeping some in reserve in case deals come in higher or you're prioritizing buybacks?
David Speer: Wow, there's a lot there. Let me start with the price cost. You're right, our price cost headwind from Q3 was in that negative 80 bps, negative 90 bps range. I would expect, as Ron pointed out, that we'll catch up in 2011 as the year unfolds. We expect for the year probably to be closer to negative 50 bps for the year. This year, you may recall, we started off with a very strong positive number, and we ended with obviously some headwinds. So it's not a straight-line environment. We have, at the moment, got price increases in place to cover what we know are the current cost increases. But I do believe that we are probably going to continue to see, at least in some categories, some ongoing cost increases, which will require further pricing actions. So I think at this point, our view of the year being negative 50 basis points is probably realistic based on what we know. But we'll take further action as necessary should costs escalate beyond where they are today. In terms of the cash-flow question, obviously, we would expect as we signal in our acquisition range a stronger environment next year for doing acquisitions. And as we did in 2010, we'll do the same in 2011, we'll evaluate as we approach the midyear to see if that activity that we expect materializes. And if we do, we certainly would expect to see the opportunity perhaps to have even stronger acquisitions than what we've embodied in our initial guidance. But we'll wait and see. And if in fact that doesn't materialize, there are other options we obviously can use for utilizing that strong free cash flow. As you noted, this year in 2010, we did do that review midyear. And in Q3, we repurchased $350 million of shares. So we've shown, I think, willingness and the discipline to look at cash flow on an ongoing basis and make appropriate adjustments.
John Brooklier: Thanks, everyone. This concludes our call. Thanks to all who joined us today, and we look forward to speaking to all of you throughout 2011. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-19 13:26:00) =====
Executives: John Brooklier - IR David Speer - CEO Ron Kropp - CFO
Analyst: Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital John Inch- BofA Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Deane Dray - Citi Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Henry Kirn - UBS Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarters Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. (Operator Instructions). I would like to turn the call up here, host today Mr. John Brooklier, you may begin
John Brooklier: Welcome to all of who joined us for today’s ITW’s third quarter 2010 conference call. With me today is our CEO, David Speer, and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Despite today’s irrational market reaction to your third quarter results and Q4 forecast, we firmly believe we had a very strong set of third quarter financial results, while we talk about those today especially our organic growth rates on our operating margins. I will now turn the call over to David Speer, who will talk more about what turned out to be a very, very good quarter for us.
David Speer: The third quarter generated strong total company operating results, which turned out better than we had expected as we provided our original third quarter guidance. Worldwide end markets in quarter three appeared to be relatively stable and demand levels were essentially even with our strong 2010 second quarter. Here are some of the highlights. Our third quarter organic growth rate of 11.2% was largely driven by strong base revenue growth in our Power Systems and Electronics, Industrial Packaging, and Transportation segments. Our sorted welding electronics, industrial packaging and auto OEM businesses also took advantage in solid third quarter end-market demand, thanks to ITW strengths such as our ongoing product innovation and strong customer service. Our very strong in third quarter operating margins of 15.9% were 240 basis points higher than the year ago period and only 10 basis points lower than the 2010 second quarter, which is generally our top performing operating margin quarter in the quarter. It’s clear that our past restructuring efforts have helped to improve our operating margins, and we thank all of our operating people around the world for job well done. Finally, we have repurchased 8.1 million shares for $350 million in the quarter, as we said a number of times in the past we consider our share repurchase program to be an ongoing part of our capital allocation process and we remain committed to being opportunistic as to choose as you saw during the quarter. Now back to you, John.
John Brooklier: Here is the agenda for today’s call. Ron will join us in a few moments to talk about the Q3 ‘10 financial highlights. I will then cover Q3 operating highlights for our reporting segments and then Ron will detail our Q4 and full year earnings forecast. Finally, we will take your questions as always we asked your cooperation for a first question and first follow-up question policy. Next, let’s cover our mandatory housekeeping items. This conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including without limitation statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted net income per share from continuing ops, acquisition activity, restructuring expenses and related benefits, tax rates, end-market conditions, and the company’s 2010 related forecast. Finally, one of the housekeeping items, telephone replay for this conference call is 402-220-9717. The telephone replay is available through midnight of November 2 and no pass code is necessary. Now here is CFO, Ron Kropp, who will comment on our 2010 third quarter financial highlights. Ron?
Ron Kropp: Here are the highlights for the third quarter. Revenues increased 12% primarily due to higher base revenues, but this increase was sequentially lower than the second quarter revenue increase of 20%, as a result of tougher comparables. Operating income was $641 million, which was higher than last year by $157 million. Margins of 15.9% were higher by 240 basis points. Diluted income per share was $0.83, which was higher than last year by $0.23. Finally free operating cash flow was strong at $412 million or 98% of net income. Now let’s go to the components of our operating results. At 12.2% revenue increase was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenues were up 11.2%, which was unfavorable by 390 basis points versus the second quarter base increase of 15.1%. As David mentioned, we have seen solid revenues gains worldwide led by the Transportation, Industrial Packaging and Power Systems segments. North American base revenues increased 11.5% and international base revenues increased 10.8%, which were lower than the second quarter increases of 15.8% and 14.2% respectively. Next currency translation decrease revenues by 2.4%, which was unfavorable by 470 basis points versus the second quarter currency benefit. Lastly, acquisitions and divestitures added 3.5% revenue growth which was 60 basis points higher than the second quarter acquisition impact. Operating margins for the third quarter 15.9%, where higher than last year by 240 basis points and where essentially the same as second quarter margins. The base business margins were higher by 160 basis points due to the favorable impact of the higher sales volume, partially offset, but the negative impact of non-volume items. Non-volume items reduced base margins by 130 basis points, which was unfavorable first and the second quarter non-volume impact by 190 basis points. Including in the non-volume impact for the third quarter were lower costs as a result of past restructuring programs, which improved margins by 40 basis points offset by the unfavorable impact of price cost, which reduced margins by 90 basis points and miscellaneous corporate items, which reduced margins by 40 basis points. In addition, margins were higher by 60 basis points did higher restructure expenses last year and acquisition reduced margins by 30 basis points, when I turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on the operating results, as he discuss of the individual segments. In a non-operating area, other non-operating income and expense was favorable by $4.9 million, mainly due to pre-tax divestiture gain of $20 million related to the sale of the (inaudible) business. The third quarter effective tax rate of 31.6% was lower than last year as a result of unfavorable discreet tax adjustments in the prior year. Excluding the negative impact of taxes related to the (inaudible) divestiture, the third quarter effective tax rate would have been 30.5%. The tax rate for the fourth quarter is forecasted to be in a range from 30% to 31%. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital increased $127 million from the second quarter primarily due to currency translation. The accounts receivable DSO was 58.9 days versus 57 days at the end of the second quarter. Inventory month on hand was 1.8 at the end of the quarter versus 1.7 last quarter. For the third quarter capital expenditures were $72 million, the depreciation was $81 million; ROIC for the third quarter increased to a strong 16.6% versus 12.7% last year. On the financing side, our debt level increased approximately $352 million from the second quarter and debt to capital was 28%. Cash on the balance sheet increased to $1.6 billion from $1.3 billion at the end of the second quarter. During the third quarter we spent $350 million to repurchase 8.8 million shares. Cash position increased $384 million in the third quarter as our free operating cash flow of $412 million was utilized for share repurchases of $350 million and dividends of $156 million. During the third quarter we acquired seven companies, which had annual revenues of $120 million; our current acquisition forecast for full year 2010 acquired revenues is $500 million to $700 million. This forecast is supported by an acquisition pipeline of more than $600 million. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on our third quarter operating results.
John Brooklier: Let me quickly review our third quarter segment highlights starting with our Transportation segment Q3 2010 total segment revenues increased 16.3% versus the year ago period. Our organic revenues also known as base revenues grew very healthy 15.8% in the quarter compared to the year earlier period. Notably, operating margins of 14.9% were 480 basis points higher than the year ago period. Base margins accounted for 230 basis points net improvement. While year-over-year comparisons continue to get more difficult this quarter base on initial auto production recovery in the third quarter of 2009, our total transportation segment organic revenues of 15.8% for the quarter was driven by our auto OEM businesses ability to penetrate what today is still a strong auto build environment. Our worldwide auto OEM businesses group base revenue is 21.3% in the quarter with our North American auto units growing 28.5% and our international auto units increasing 15.5% and that’s due in large part to their product innovation efforts and ongoing platform penetration. By comparison North American auto builds grew 26% in Q3, and European auto builds increased 8% in Q3 versus the year ago. So, you could see the penetration ability over penetrate builds continues to be strong within the company. On a go forward basis, we continue to forecast that auto builds will remain relatively strong portfolio year 2010; North American auto production, which is forecasted to be in a range of $11.6 million to a $11.8 million units, while European auto builds is forecasted to be in a range of $17.8 million to $18 million units for the full year. In our auto after-market group of businesses, Q3 business base revenues declined 2.5% largely as a results of the related down taking consumer spending in this category, as new turbine wrapped up it appears consumers, who were spending more dollars on the older vehicles. Moving to the next segment, Industrial Packaging’s Q3 total segment revenues grew 16.4% versus the year ago period and Q3 base revenues increased to somewhere 16.4% year-over-year. Operating margins 11.6% were 410 basis points higher than a year ago period with base margins accounting for 250 basis points for that improvement. As noted Industrial Packaging base revenues growth is 16.4% in Q3 was made up of across the board gains for many of our businesses. This strong Q3 base revenue growth for the segment underpins our belief that overall end-market demand will remains at very reasonable and sustainable levels. Our total North American Industrial Packaging units increased base revenues 19.5% in Q3, while our total International Industrial Packaging units grew base revenues 13% of the quarter. Coincidental indicator businesses such as our North American plastic and steel strapping businesses and their international counterpart to produce base revenue growth of 24% and 13.4% respectively versus the year ago period, and our protective packaging units known for their protective corner board and specialty airbag products used for transport purposes, grew base revenues strong 17.3% in the quarter versus year ago. Moving to Food Equipment, the Food Equipment’s Q3 total segment revenues declined 2.3% as the trend of customer delaying equipment purchases largely stayed in place. As a result, base revenues grew a very modest 1.4% in the quarter versus the year ago. The better news in the quarter was that operating margins of 17.6% were 40 basis points higher than the year ago period. Most of that operating margin increase was due to improvement in the base margin. Food Equipment segments modest uptick in base revenues of 1.4% essentially reflected trends from past quarters, that is customers continue to be weary of buying new equipment, but they continue to invest in our businesses, who serve us in our products. Catch in points, our North American equipment business produced a base revenue decline of 3.8% in Q3, but notably our North American service unit generated base revenue growth of 3.6% in the quarter. When aggregate, North American Food Equipment base revenues were flat versus year ago. International Food Equipment results were better with base revenues growing 2.7% versus the year earlier period and this improvement was largely due to better demand for products in Asia and Latin America. Moving to Power System and Electronics, total segment revenues grew a very strong 23.7% versus a year ago period. Notably base revenues increased 23.8% on a year-over-year basis, thanks to very strong contributions from both the welding and PC board fabrication business units. Operating margins up 22% were 460 basis points higher than a year ago with 420 basis points so that improvement coming from base margins. Similar to the 2010 second quarter of the segments financial performance was driven by our strong operating results from the welding and PC board fabrication businesses. Our worldwide welding business grew base revenues 14.8% in Q3 versus a year ago period. From a geographic standpoint, North America welding base revenues grew 19.4% that’s largely due to better demand from heavy equipment OEMs and assorted manufactures, and our international welding Q3 base revenues increased the more modest 5.3%, as European demand was strong, while an Asia-Pacific was weaker. For example, China has in demand for ship building and some infrastructure projects slow over the past few quarters. Moving to the PC board fabrication side of the business for the segment I should say, that business produced base revenue growth of 68.6% in Q3 versus the year ago period. Ongoing strong customer demand for products such as cell phones, portable computers and PDAs continue to underpin growth from these segments. You should note, however, that comparisons from a year ago get much more difficult as we move into fourth quarter and we think we are starting to see a little bit more moderation in order orders in this particular business in Q4. In Construction Products, Q3 total segment revenues grew 10.9% versus the year ago period, while base revenues increased 4% in Q3 compared to the year earlier period. Operating margins of 11.8% were 90 basis points higher than a year ago period with 50 basis points of improvement coming from base margins. There is no surprise of the segments modest base revenue growth in the third quarter reflected reasonable construction and market demand internationally, contrasted with persistent weakness across North American construction end-markets. Our total international construction base revenues grew 7% in Q3 versus the year ago period with our European construction units increased in base revenues 13.3% and our Asia-Pacific construction units growing base revenues 5.1%. European commercial construction end markets remains relatively strong with Germany especially vibrant. In North America, not much of a surprise, where our total construction base revenues declined 6.7% in Q3 as weak housing in commercial construction trends persisted. Our North American residential base revenues decreased 10.7%, while our North American commercial construction base revenues fell 7.8% in Q3 versus the year ago period. We move on to the Polymers and Fluids Q3 total segment revenues. Those revenues grew 5.3% versus the year ago period. Base revenues increased 4.3% in Q3 compared to the year earlier period. Operating margins of 16.4% were 40 basis points higher than year ago period. The segments base revenue growth of 4.3% Q3 was largely due to better international activity, but slower than expected growth in a few key North American end markets. Our international Polymers businesses produced base revenue growth of 8.1% in Q3, thanks to better demand in Europe and Asia. In North America, the story was a bit different with our organic growth rates, while our Polymers businesses declining 7% in the quarter. This is largely due to issues such as the deep oil drilling disaster in the Gulf of Mexico and its negative impact on oil and gas production and also our wind industry demand turned down temporarily as manufactures slowed production to change to larger blade configurations. Worldwide Fluids had a more consistent base revenue growth story in Q3 with our international base revenues growing 4% and our North American base revenues increasing 3%. Moving to Decorative Surfaces, Q3 total segment revenues were flat in the quarter versus the year ago period, but organic revenue was better with base revenues increasing 3.1% compared to the year ago period. Operating margins of 10.7% were 20 basis points lower than the year ago period as a result of restructuring and other expenses associated with the closing of the flooring business. Decorative surfaces base revenue growth of 3.1% in Q3 represented its best quarterly performance of the year. This improvement was tied to both reasonable demand trends in North America and internationally for high pressure laminate products.
 : Finally, as noted before please note that we are in the process of closing our flooring business due to overall weakening in the high pressure laminate flooring sector, base revenue performance by our flooring business was substantially negative in Q3. Finally moving to all other segment, Q3 total segment revenues grew 18.6% versus a year ago period and base revenues increased 13.7% compared with a year earlier period. Operating margins of 18.4% were 183 basis points higher than a year ago period, with a 100 basis points of an improvement coming from base margins. The segment's strong base revenue growth of 13.7% in Q3 reflected and proven across our four major businesses in this segment. In test and measurement, our organic grew 8.9% in Q3 and represented a second consecutive quarter where base revenues have grown in 8% to 10% range. While the business of equipment, consumables and service attached to it, recent growth rates may suggest the CapEx spending is perhaps on the rise. Our consumer packaging business grew base revenues 9.9% in Q3 and was mainly driven by double digit base revenue contributions from our decorating and graphics businesses. Our industrial appliance business generated a base revenue growth of 18.6% in Q3 with strength coming from both North America and international businesses. Finally, our worldwide finishing businesses produced very strong organic growth rates of 31% in Q3. Most of that growth came from international end markets and was led by the specialty Swiss based Gema powder coating business, which has strong products and market positions in both Europe and Asia. Now, let me turn the call back over to Ron who will cover our 2010 forecast and underlying assumptions. Ron? Ron Kropp For the fourth quarter of 2010, we are forecasting diluted income per share for continuing operations to be within a range of $0.74 to $0.82. The low end of this range assumes a 7% increase in total revenues versus 2009 and the high end of the range assumes a 9% increase. The midpoint of this EPS range of $0.78 will be 28% higher than the fourth quarter of 2009 excluding the impact of last year's favorable discrete tax adjustments in the fourth quarter. For the full year our forecast of the EPS range is now $2.99 to $3.07 based on a total revenue increase of 13% to 14%. The midpoint of the EPS range of $3.03 would be 57% higher than 2009. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels as of the end of the quarter. The quarter revenue is between $500 million to $700 million. Fourth quarter operating margins in a range of 14.2% to 15.2%. This margin range would be lower than the third quarter margins of 15.9 due mainly to a shift in mix between North America and international businesses and favorable corporate adjustments in the third quarter that are not expected to be repeated in the fourth quarter. Restructuring cost of $40 million to $50 million for the year and a tax rate range between 30% and 31% for the fourth quarter. I will turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We will now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). First question comes from Meredith Taylor. Your line is open.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital:  The first question is for David. You made some comments recently round your expectations for North American construction in 2011. Could you give some broader comments around some of your other key end markets and how you see some of those trending? In particular, I am interested in which are the end markets that you see as the strongest and which of the end markets that you see as the weakest, looking ahead at 2011?
David Speer: Well Meredith, I will give you some flavor, but obviously we are not providing guidance for 2011 but certainly from a……….
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Flavor is great.
David Speer: Yes I have made some comments recently about construction, I have been asked a lot about particularly what I would expect to see in the residential market and more recently obviously the commercial markets and my comments there have largely been that I would expect not to see a significant improvement in residential construction housing starts in 2011. While I expect we will see some upward movement, I think we are still obviously dealing with a lot of issues in the housing market due to higher employment, foreclosures, etc. Commercial market, I have also made comments on that the weakness there I think will persist certainly through 2011 and perhaps at the tail of the end of the year we will see some improvement in start activity, but I do not expect much out of those markets. In terms of the markets that have been performing well, I think both John and Ron highlighted some of those in our comments. We have seen obviously building momentum in our welding business, our power electronics businesses, test and measurement businesses have all been coming on nicely. I expect that we will see shortly some improvement in the equipment sales of the food equipment group is I think we are close to seeing those businesses turned as well. We have seen very strong performances in the transportation market but I would expect that the bills in the OEM market particularly up in North America would be obviously more modest than the significant improvement we saw this year coming off of what was clearly a very, very weak year in 2009. So I think we are seeing as we had really suggested a strong year one of what we saw as a three-year recovery and I think that is largely what I would except to see as we had this 2011. Some markets obviously are going up against much more difficult comparable so the growth rate would be more modest in 2011. In some markets that are beginning to see some improvement in later cycle businesses I would expect to see better growth rates, do not expect to see much contribution law in 2011 from the North American construction businesses.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Can you talk a little bit about your motivation for share repurchase in the quarter? I mean with this the reflection on the prospects or timing at least of acquisition or purely a reflection or your views on valuations? May be help calibrate that view, could you give us that average share price which you would repurchased in the quarter?
David Speer: Yeah. I think Ron can give the exact numbers $43 and change during the quarter of the average share price. Clearly as we looked at the quarter we looked at our strong cash balance and we looked at that acquisition activities over the next quarter so it made sense with where we were to buy some shares back certainly from evaluation standpoint but also from a cash utilization standpoint. So, as you will note on the balance sheet even after the cherry purchases we have $1.6 billion in cash on the balance sheet. So, we certainly saw this an opportunity given the current environment as we said in the past we would use that share repurchase program on an opportunistic fashion and we did so during the quarter.
Operator: John Inch, your line is open.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: I want to start with the guidance. Just as I think about the year right so you raised the estimate by $0.08. You beat this quarter by 5 and I think you are lowering restructuring by $0.02 for the year, sales are higher by one and half point so the $0.04 to $0.05and then you got more favorable currency by $0.01 to $0.02. What is the offset? Why it is not the fourth quarter midpoint being raised by more? May be, may be Ron could explain this corporate item issues but he said that it was favorable corporate in the third quarter that is less favorable, what exactly is that and how much is that?
David Speer: While at Ron dig that at the end let me answer the beginning your question, John, by saying first of all the biggest variable between the Q3 and Q4 if you are drawing those comparison is a significant change and the mixed revenues. International is a much stronger component of overall revenue mix during Q4. As you may recall international Q4 contains September, October, and November whereas the North American is the normal quarter of October, November, and December. So we have a heavier mix and the margins in our international businesses represented by lower margin profile on the order of about 400 basis points. So that really explains all in sort of changes in the margin profile. As you have noted that there are some other puts and takes that basically not out but that would be the bulk of the change. Also remember that the comparable to currency per Q4 for this year versus last year will actually be a negative number as the Q4 currency last year was in the 145-146 range with Euro as an example. So there is still a headwind on currency built in to these numbers. I'll let Ron comment on the corporate numbers.
Ron Kropp: One data point on the international North American split in the third quarter, North America was about 52% of the total revenues and international with 48. That about flipped in the fourth quarter. That is pretty typical given the August month for Europe is in the third quarter and December is in the fourth quarter for North America. So it’s a pretty typical shift in revenues. The bridge between the margins in the third quarter and fourth quarter more than half of it is this mix issue. The other piece of it is base revenues are down slightly and that is you know due to seasonality and normal seasonality and there is corporate items of about $15 million of benefit that were booked in the third quarter that were not forecasting for the forth quarter. So, these are things like we have life insurance an investment at the corporate office and the cash surrender value goes up and down based on the market. That was about $7 million. Some other reserves for product liability and healthcare etcetera were the rest of it.
John Inch- BofA Merrill Lynch: Ron, those corporate items of 15 million benefit, we’re not part of your original guidance annually, is that correct?
Ron Kropp: Correct.
John Inch- BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, I guess I’m just trying to understand though. The issues that you brace right so would be higher international mix with lower margins some of the other items and in the fact wouldn’t note have been known when you gave the annual guide. This is sort of we’re trying to understand. I think to when you gave your current, when you gave your guide at the end of the second quarter, I think currency you would thought was going to be a $1.28, dollar to euro now is at $1.40. So, I just trying to understand like you raised the year by $0.08 should be reported by five that low restructuring by two it just doesn’t, it things like we’re actually lowering the core in the fourth quarter whether it’s mix or not, is there something I would anticipate you to known that, know or is there something else.
David Speer: No, we didn’t I mean, if you look at the changes in guidance for the quarter first of all, as you know we didn’t provide guidance for Q4 before so, may be this is compared to what you that estimated, but I think that Ron is laid out is the typical margin mix the growth rate for base revenues for the quarter is about what we had built into our original guidance for Q4 obviously on much stronger comps. The corporate item that you’re referencing for the quarter for quarter three they were positive. We don’t forget those, and by large many of those net out to pretty zero sum game by the end of the year so, we don’t really predict them a quarterly John. So, may be that you’re doing math here at the end of the year is one quarter left that may suggest that they are other underlying issues. I think it’s the mix of revenues; the lower base growth revenue rate obviously at 8% as opposed to the 11% we saw in the quarter obviously has somewhat of an impact as well. If you look at our traditional seasonality, this is very much in line with the margin profile that we see from Q4 compared to Q3 in the normalized basis. So, I don’t think there is anything unusual here that we haven’t explained.
David Speer:  So the basis about where we were at the end of last quarter. So, your $0.08 is really $0.03 of currency, $0.02 of corporate items, $0.02 of restructuring.
John Inch- BofA Merrill Lynch: Did you pipeline for M&A go down? I thought it was about 800 million, I think you suggest in the call was just over six. And may be this is…
Ron Kropp: 600 plus, if we are close some deals, I know some deals are up fall under pipeline, it’s not not a significant number, but the pipeline number, John, we’re going to have in as well.
John Inch- BofA Merrill Lynch: I appreciated that. I just wondering may be you could just give us a color in terms of the trend right because I think just given your acquisition history and some of the deals you’ve done historically and the threshold volumes, one might have expected the activity level to be much higher. So, are we still on that trajectory or (inaudible) may be we’re not? How should we think about that?
Ron Kropp: No, no, I wouldn’t assume that at all that repurchasing share is nothing to do with how we feel about the pipeline currently. I would say the activity in the pipeline continues to increase. As I noted in our last call, the yield in the pipeline just changed quarter-to-quarter so, it’s down modestly from what we would said quarter ago, but some of that is a result of closed deals and some of that is a result of deals that are really pushed out into the 2011 timeframe. So, I wouldn’t draw any large conclusions out of how that modest change in the pipeline nor the repurchase of shares. Clearly with the cash balances we had and with the near term look at the pipeline, we had plenty of opportunity to look at this and say it made sense based of those levels to do share repurchase during the quarter, but certainly not reflective of any change in our view the acquisition pipeline. I expect it will continue to firm and I expect as we had into 2011 that will begin to see the pipeline continue to grow.
Operator: Terry Darling, your line is open.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Speer and Ron, if we go back to the price cost gap that you talked about I think down 90 basis points year over year and I remember last year there were some unusual benefits so, just trying to calibrated on early that bridge, and then how you are thinking about that the value gap as you move into your 2011 given the recent run up in some of the metals prices and so forth?
David Speer: I will let Ron give you some flavor in detail but partially what you are seeing reflected that 90 basis point negative headwind is exactly that. We have seen costs particularly in the metals category move up and obviously catching up on that from a price standpoint it does take some time and that’s really what we're seeing in this number in Q3. I expect that as we head into Q4 we're still seeing some cost increase pressures but some of the price increases that we have in fact put in place will begin to kick in and I would expect that number to probably come down somewhat modestly during Q4 as a result of that. So, I would describe what's occurring now as probably what typically occurs when you see some commodity cost increases you have some negative headwinds until you get full cost recovery which generally takes a quarter or so.
Ron Kropp: Yeah, Terry, last year in the third quarter was the low point in most of our raw material cost. So back last year we had a 270 basis points margin year back to '08 and since then we've seen that come back each quarter. So, the negative 90 this quarter was negative 40 last quarter. Given the current situation with prices we expect it to be relatively stable in the fourth quarter for both steel and resin. So, we are looking at probably 25 to 50 basis points negative in the fourth quarter so, pretty minimal going forward.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Was the 40 did 90 2Q versus 3Q more raw material or more some weakness in pricing or kind of a combination would you say?
David Speer:  I would say it's really driven by primarily cost increases and the speed with which we can recover price. So, we saw some cost increases occur towards the latter part of the second quarter. We saw lots of it during the third quarter and so some of the price actions we took in Q3 only realized a portion of the cost recovery. So, I'd say it's primarily been driven by cost and the lag effect of a price increase.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: As you head to the first half of '11, if you think about how the raw material cost that you are incurring now would kind of rachet up the spot if we pretended for the sake of the discussion that we held where we are right now, does that gap more narrow or stay about in that 25 to 50 basis points you are calling out for the fourth quarter?
David Speer: I think as costs stabilize the gap goes to near zero.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Just quickly on the food equipment margin, should we think of that as a base to build off of or was there something seasonal or mix-wise that made 3Q particularly strong?
David Speer: I think other than the normal seasonal impact which is volume related, no. I think that’s probably reasonable assumption that’s a base to build off of. We've yet to see any significant improvement in the equipment side and obviously when we do we would expect to see strong incrementals in those businesses. The only reasonable growth we have seen so far has been in the service side of the business. So, I would expect that the margin profile you are seeing today is a good foundation for us to build on as we begin to add volume in the coming quarters.
Unidentified Company Speaker:  The seasonal impact in the third quarter on price cost in that segment as well. So we didn’t have the negative we did in some of the segments.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Lastly, I wonder if you can calibrate the accretion in 2011 from M&A that’s already essentially (inaudible) being consummated, give us an update on that.
David Speer:  We really don’t have those numbers, Terry. I think the way to look at the M&A number is roughly you can take our annual volume and you can figure that about half of that will be spread between 2010 and 2011 impact. So, you can expect that at least first half of next year will have some impact of that. The first year all in of acquisitions we generally get very little earnings accretion as a result of all of the amortization on accounting that takes place in year one, we really don’t get much net benefit. So, we haven’t obviously calculated this for 2011 yet. Obviously the 2011 guidance we will have some guidance around what we would plan to acquire next year as well. By and large, year one we don’t get a lot of accretion. So, it wouldn’t be a huge certainly in 2011 in the first half of the year and probably a modest impact from those acquisitions we've done 2011 in the second half.
Operator: Mark Koznarek, your line is open.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company:  Can you give us some idea of what business trends are sequentially in year-over-year, we know things are slowing with tougher comps? Can you give us some idea what's happening sequentially in your businesses? It appear most investor markets will be relative flat at this point can you give me some idea what’s going on across the business/
David Speer: Well, I don’t have a lot of sequential data here in front of me I think, Ron provided some flavor on some of the Q2 to Q3 either comparables I can tell you that overall the revenues in Q3 were pretty much in line with slightly less than what we saw in Q2, which is somewhat abnormal given the normal seasonality we would normally seen a decline between Q2 and Q3 or some more in the order 4 to 5%, we didn’t see that obviously this quarter, our revenues in Q2 were about 4.1 billion revenues in Q3 where 4.04 billion so, not a significant decline from a sequence standpoint we would normally seen. Obviously that varies on the cost businesses, the once that clearly we’ve seen sequential uplift ones that John highlighted in the earlier discussion certainly the industrial packaging businesses, the test and measurement businesses, the welding electronic segment. Those are the ones that sequentially we’d have seen growth quarter-by-quarter, but I don’t have it by segment perhaps we could come up with that and provide that here later date, but we don’t have at with our fingertips at the moment.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Great, and you’re still expecting is in channel like what projection expected that very much in the fourth quarter anymore (inaudible) but here or in here I mentioned that the numbers are bit higher than you would expected that will be talking about this.
Ron Kropp:  Yeah, the build numbers have clearly gone up throughout the year although, I would say that the increases for Q4 are modest by comparison to the last numbers. So, I think the projected bill for Q4 auto in North America somewhere in the 3 million range and should end up as John said somewhat around 116 to 117 for the year. Most of the increase in the bill occurred in the first two quarters that were still a nice increase in Q3 and I think in the European auto bills are likewise we saw most of the improvement actually occurred during the third quarter and subsequent quarter. So, I’d say that auto build I would describe as the normal seasonal flattening in Q4 and I expect that the growth rates based on what we’re seeing from the early CSM data for 2011 will be probably in the North America somewhere in the 5 to 6% range in New York probably in the 3 to 4% range.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: I think indicated that welding was softer in Asia at this point is during the time.
Ron Kropp:  It was softer in Asia really driven primarily by our strong concentration to shipbuilding, market there the shipbuilding market in China is down nearly 40%, this year so it obviously damped our overall growth rates in Asia with welding as a result of that.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: An aftermarket was pretty sure on (inaudible).
David Speer:  After markets were quite strong. Our oil and gas business over there is very strong. The general steel fabrication markets are very strong.
Operator: Deane Dray, your line is open.
Deane Dray - Citi: Thank you, good afternoon. Just a follow-up on (inaudible) question regarding sequential improvement I do have the numbers in front of me on this one, but industrial packaging since that is such an improvement coincidental indicator look like it had steady sequential improvement across the quarter and would be interested to hearing that what that mix was equipment versus consumables, but more importantly the read class in terms of what that suggest in terms of our longer term growth, industrial production, and so forth.
Unidentified Speaker: Well, given the strong performance that we’ve had or the strong mix we have in those businesses in Europe had actually flat quarter-to-quarter a strong indication of the continued recovery in those markets normally we would expecting to see some more around 6% decline just based on seasonality that wasn’t the case during the quarter. So, if you look at the overall growth rates that John highlighted and Ron in their comments if we just take the strapping business is being. The consumable volume in Q3 was up in the 11 to 12% range. The equipment volume was up over 50%. So, strong improvement in equipment volume during the quarter that’s the obviously an important indicator that at least we are seeing a significant level of replacement sales taking place and in some cases even some new capacity being added in some markets. So, it’s only been two quarters of positive quarter on equipment obviously that’s a very strong comparable in Q3 on the equipment side.
Deane Dray - Citi: That’s very helpful. And then I know you not in the 2011 guidance business yet, but is it fair just to take a step at what you believe peak getting back to peak margins given the phase of the recovery said it year one of the three year recovery. If you peaked previously at 17% operating margin is it a fair to say that you’ve got upside to that and we’re looking at about 100 basis points from their, but what you’re using for internally or just what you can share with us today.
Unidentified Speaker: Yeah, while I think as we said earlier and you pointed out we think this is 2010 is one of the solid recovery, our margin profile for this year will finish more than 15% overall for the year just you take the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance in the three quarters of actual. Clearly as we look at this is the another year of recovery albeit slower in 2011, I would clearly expect to see margins continue to accelerate. We said that based on peak-to-peak, we would expect that we would have some more 50 to perhaps 70 basis points higher peak-to-peak earnings ratios, the only impact there would be those level of acquisitions that we did that is diluted, but it look at base-to-base we’d expect some more between 50 to 70 basis points higher margins. I don’t expect that we get to that next peak in most of these markets until 2012.
Operator: Ann Duignan, your line is open.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan:  I had just building on the last couple of questions and David may be you could give us an outlook from your prospective what you’re seeing as they’d looks like if you look at any of your businesses, our most of your businesses that are driven by the consumer. Those are recovering slower than businesses that are industrial production driven and so the notion of restocking comes to mind. What you’re seeing as kind from the consumer’s prospective we noted in the few businesses that the consumer spending is actually slowed versus kind of restocking our industry production driven demand and what is the net impact may be looking into 2010 and again we’re not going to give guidance, but we just producing at their (inaudible) usually have a good thing on the [pulse].
David Speer: Yeah, I mean, clearly the consumer businesses are especially in North America have clearly been plateau, they are generally week depending on the specific end markets, I mean, we take markets like auto, the auto businesses actually performed well on a year-on-year comparable, but last year was obviously extremely low year and an overall auto production and sale. I think any of the consumer phasing businesses has remained challenging in terms of looking any significant growth. We don’t think there is much restocking going on; most of it’s been already in those businesses. The industrial markets have clearly been the one that have been stronger and we would expect to see that as we had into 2011 particularly as it relates to North America. The US consumer as accurately point out consumer spending is gone up, but it’s gone down, it’s pull back. I expect we’re going to see that for a while the consumer markets remain weak, unemployment range persistently hide the housing markets weak so, a lot of things try to the consumer clearly there is not much of a tailwind and fact in some cases you could there is perhaps somewhat in the headwind on those markets. On the industrial side, we’re seeing, I think good strong recovery in most of the end markets. As I pointed out earlier, some of those markets are not just beginning to show some signs or recovery. Those are the later cycle markets that we talked about earlier. Then I would expect that the trends that we’re seeing at the moment I would expect that they would remain intact as we had into 2011 so, albeit somewhat slower growth comparisons obviously as we had into 2011, you’ve got a GDP estimate out there now for next year that’s some more between 2 and 2 in a quarter for the US and that’s significantly down from the number of people expect to see overall this year. So, I don’t think that’s a surprise we’d expect to see slower growth rates, but I do expect we’ll continue to see stronger industrial growth early then we will in the consumer markets.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you and just one follow-up on the M&A front and what kinds of businesses are coming up for offer, you’re turning down a lot of businesses because they’re not in areas that you’re interested in or is a kind of everything that’s coming on your debt here you’re taking a good look at. Just kind of curious what’s coming into pipeline there was – there is a lot of activity out there and you’re just turning down opportunities are whether you’re kind of taken whatever is coming up and turning over.
David Speer: Right, well, first of all, just to remind everyone, pipeline for us are deals that are passed letter of interest stage up to due diligence in closing. So, it’s not the ideal pipeline, the front end of the pipeline if you want to call about the idea phase that we don’t count has been very, very active. There are lots of things out there that have come to us that are not particularly attractive. They really don’t fit strategically with where we want to continue to grow and grow. There are plenty of ideas out there for spaces that are interested in, evaluations have been challenging particularly anything of size, private equity clearly is active in the market for any deals of size, anything 100 million or more in size is plenty private equity people out there that with the new math convert significantly higher offers and the many strategic so, it is more competitive environment, but I would say that in the last 120 days or so the whole market is opened up in terms of ideas in flow of opportunities. I expect that we continue to work our pipeline that we’re going to see that pipeline improved over the next several quarters, but lot of activity evaluations are have moved up quickly and I think it's a challenging market from that standpoint, but we are looking at the normal spaces and I'm very confident that as we move forward we're going see that this cycle in acquisition for us we'll move to the next level as we head in to 2011.
Operator: (Inaudible) your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst:  I've got a question about the decorative business with the closing of the flooring. What kind of impact does that have on the new line and what kind of margin improvement opportunities that I mentioned (inaudible)?
David Speer:  Market is pretty inconsequential all in. That business has been in a shrinking mode for the last five years. So, I think the annualized revenues in this year's outlook would be under $25 million and it was with the restructuring going on the business would have lost money. In or out it's not a huge difference for the segment or for the overall earnings profile.
Unidentified Analyst: David, you say 25 or a 125?
David Speer: 25. About $25 million in revenues.
Unidentified Analyst: 2 on a 5?
David Speer: 2 on a 5, yes. 25 million right.
Unidentified Analyst: So the margin impact is also going to be very modest.
David Speer: It will be positive because it was losing money.
Unidentified Analyst:  That’s sort of what I wanted to focus on a little bit, whether that’s material or not, because it seems like moving into 2011, there's a couple of positives. There is that benefit whether its material or not, I don’t know, but we also have lower restructuring probably and also the benefits of the past couple of years of significant restructuring. So, it seems like it'd be a pretty fair assumption that you would have better than average leverage on the margin line, not a lot of acquisition to lose in and then some of these other structural improvements. Is that a pretty fair assessment or are there some other offsets that you are thinking about? 
David Speer: No, the way to think about, I mean, first of all, the decorative services is not consequent. So, I would think the best way to respond to your question is to think about our normal incrementals. Our normal incrementals are in the 30% to 35% range. They have been running north of 40% obviously this year in the first year of a significant recovery. We are already seeing significant benefits out of those restructuring projects and out of those acquisitions with lower margins. Some of that is obviously already in our numbers. I would expect that as we look at the growth and the business in 2011 that we would expect to see incremental probably somewhat higher than our norm, maybe in the 35, maybe as good as 40% next year but certainly not in same category or range they've been in this year as we've already leveraged significant off of some of that. In terms of restructuring spend next year, what you'll see all in is that our restructuring spend this year is probably going to end up being pretty typical of what it is on a normalized basis. So, somewhere in that $40 million to $50 million range is where we will end up for the year and that’s a pretty typical year for us. So, obviously a lot less on what we spent last year when we spent over $160 million. Again, we are not providing guidance for 2011 but a pretty normalized range of restructuring price is in that $40 million to $50 million range, most of it directed to acquisitions as it has been done in the last several years.
Unidentified Analyst: What was that comment about food equipment? Thought you mentioned it looked like it was about to break out, the equipment side was negative in the quarter but what gives you a thought that it is likely to turn positive?
David Speer:  I think the activity level from a coding standpoint at the project a lot of our business is institutional. These are larger projects that have a longer planning horizon. We are beginning to see the front end of that activity pick up which generally is a good indicator that at some point in the next quarter so we should start to see the equipment revenues begin to rise. We'll also be going to against, I mean, we got comps now that -- remember these are the later cycle businesses that actually for the first two quarters of last year had positive growth. So, we are really at a point now where I think we're close to seeing the bottom here and should start to see some improvement in the revenue volumes. We haven't seen any significant leverage off of the cost base in those business because obviously we haven’t seen the volume.
Operator: Henry Kirn, your line is open.
Henry Kirn - UBS: What do you factor in as the biggest risk to upset your guidance as we go into the fourth quarter in 2011? What should be watching?
David Speer: Well, I mean you can look at our base revenue growth rates, I mean the 8% midpoint for Q4, it’s pretty much what we would describe as a continuation of the recovery that we’re seeing all the recovery any significant derailing of the recovery would obviously put back the growth rates under some pressure. Most of the significant growth in comparables that are the easier comparables of over behind us as Ron pointed out his earlier comment, our businesses really began to accelerate more significant in Q3 last year. So, it up against a more difficult comparable, so 8% on a strong fourth quarter comparables are pretty good growth rate, but pretty much in line with the trends we’re seeing recently. So, was compared to the fourth quarter last year, I think at a sequential basis you’ll see the number in Q4 certainly in North America shows a modest decline. So, I think the answer to your question would be if the current recovery got derailed in some major fashion as suppose that would be the largest upside risk, it’s hard in the site any particular segment or earlier because the growth across the segments has been pretty broadly spread across a lot of end markets in geography. So, I could add much more flavor than that.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Is there anyway where you think you might be too conservative if there was anyone here?
David Speer: I’m sure, I could highlight, (inaudible), I think the last two quarters, the revenue growth rates have really been in line with our original guidance, so, I don’t want to say we’re proud to be right, but I don’t know what I’m so bold as to say we’ve been completely conservative anywhere. I think we’ve clearly projective what we saw as continued improvement. I can’t think of any particular area, I mean obviously if something would have changed dramatically if you’re looking for a headline it would have be a periodic improvement residential housing. I can’t think of any other area that were conservative and in conservative in a measure of on actually happens right, such as very, very unlikely.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Right.
David Speer: Exactly, I mean the housing starts are a clearly remaining historically low level that’s our forecast there would be perhaps very conservative at the numbers tick up by 20% next year, but I wouldn’t be able to highlight any particular areas being overly conservative.
Operator: Robert Wertheimer, your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: My first question would be on share. We don’t talk about too much, but I wondered as you’ve gotten through the trials and taking look at the competitive position where and how much you think you might gain shares specifically we can do auto, I don’t know whether that the numbers are pretty volatile in the (inaudible) and your numbers. So, I don’t know whether you’ve started to see a lot of share gain where that comes in with a 11 models of the 12 models and how much you think that could add any other areas in my call out per share looks interesting.
David Speer: Well, let the auto was the easiest one to look at because there is more data, it’s more transparent. If you look at auto bills, content for vehicle, new platform launches etcetera, we’ve [reached] some visibility. We’ll pickup some more around four to five points of penetration gain overall this year and I would expected as we look at the 2011, here will be expecting something in that range may be even slightly better depending on the timing of a couple of new platform launches where we have significant content. So, I think that in many of our businesses, we would suggest we had picked up at least modest amounts of share in those where we have more definitive measurements and we can measure it. We can obviously see it more directly, but auto is probably the best example because it’s the only solid sort of global database that you can tie sales production and platform content too.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: That’s 400 to 500 bits faster than the end market this year that will be sharing in content penetration.
David Speer: That’s correct. Yep, exactly. That’s measuring the overall global markets, right.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: And again, David as you gotten to the [trust], do you think that any of the lesser acquisitions will due to people being overly focused on new operations as post acquisitions is that reversing or is that just not been a factor. You’re seeing – are you spending anymore of your time of evaluating platform level acquisitions.
David Speer: I would say that we didn’t spend as much time in the first half of 2009 when acquisitions as we were clearly trying to identify with our base businesses where these markets were going that we’re in great turmoil. By the second half of last year, we were really fairly well engaged in the acquisition process again and they’re really the delay and lot of this has really been I think more around expectations of what happens with potential acquisition targets that were also in the state of decline. So, many of them had -- that they were later cycle businesses they still didn’t have good numbers to look until probably early this year. In terms of my activity and the activity of our senior executives we are spending a significant amount of time, certainly even more time than last year on the acquisition front particularly as it relates to platform opportunities and perhaps some new segments as we look forward. So, there's a lot of activity in that area for sure and really virtually none of that is included in our pipeline at the moment.
John Brooklier:  Thank you, Ron. We're going to end the call now. We thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to talk to you later. Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Everyone may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 02:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Brooklier – VP IR David Speer – CEO Ron Kropp – SVP & CFO
Analysts:  John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs Henry Kirn - UBS Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research  Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley  Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird  Unspecified Analyst  Andy Casey - Wells Fargo  
Operator: Welcome to the Illinois Tool Works first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the meeting over, Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Brooklier: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2010 conference call. With me today on today’s call is CEO, David Speer and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Thanks for joining us on the call. I’ll now turn the call over to David, who will make some brief remarks on our very strong first quarter operating performance and our updated 2010 guidance. 
David Speer : Thank you John, as noted we posted very strong first quarter operating results in a number of key categories. Our first quarter revenues increased 14.6% versus a year ago, with total base company revenues growing 7.5%.  Notably we had nearly equal base revenue growth contributions from our North American and international businesses, with North American based revenues up 7.1% and international based revenues increasing 8% in the quarter.  A number of our segments produced solid base revenue gains in the quarter, our transportation segment grew base revenues 32%, thanks to the significant ramp up in the first quarter auto builds in both North America and in Europe. Our industrial packaging segment and our power systems and electronics segment both saw base revenue growth in the 11% range during the quarter. And our polymers and fluids segment produced base revenue growth of 8% during the quarter.  We believe the stronger base revenue growth in these segments highlights an improvement in consumer buying patterns as well as a pick up in industrial production and underlying end market activity. We posted very strong operating margins of 13.4% in the quarter. This represented margin growth of 1050 basis points versus our reported results from the year ago period. When you exclude the impact of our 2009 first quarter impairment, our first quarter 2010 operating margins would have been 760 basis points higher than the first quarter of 2009. Its important to note this dramatically higher margin growth was a result of our business units’ ability to achieve significant leverage on increased revenues, thanks to lower overhead manufacturing costs due to our restructuring programs.  Finally our 2010 second quarter and full year forecasts reflect a more bullish view of worldwide economic and end market growth for the remainder of the year. While we have learned over the years that a forecast is still a forecast, we have a growing sense of optimism that the business environment will continue to improve as the year progresses.  Now back to John.
John Brooklier : Thanks David, here is the agenda for today’s call. Ron will join us shortly to talk about Q1 2010 financial highlights, I will then cover Q1 operating highlights for our eight reporting segments, Ron will then detail our Q2 and full year earnings forecast. Finally we will take your questions.  First let’s cover our mandatory housekeeping items, please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitations, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted net income per share from continuing operations, restructuring expenses and related benefits, tax rates, end market conditions and the company’s related 2010 forecasts.  Finally the telephone playback for this conference call is 203-369-3795 and no pass code is necessary. The telephone replay is available through midnight of May 4, 2010. One other reminder, our webcast power point presentation accompanying this call is available on our www.itw.com website.  Now here’s Ron Kropp who will comment on our 2010 first quarter financial highlights.
Ron Kropp : Thanks John, good afternoon everyone. Here are the key items for the first quarter, revenues increased 15% due to higher base revenues and currency translation, and significantly improved from the fourth quarter revenue decline of 5%. Operating income was $484 million which was higher than last year by $393 million. Margins of 13.4% were higher than last year by 10.5 percentage points. Diluted income per share was $0.58 which was higher than last year by $0.60 and above our most recent EPS guidance of $0.48 to $0.56 primarily due to stronger base business results especially in March. Also included in the EPS for this year was the previously disclosed $0.04 per share tax charge related to the new healthcare bill. Included in last year’s EPS was an impairment charge which reduced earnings by $0.17 and discrete tax adjustments which reduced earnings by $0.06. Finally free operating cash flow was $219 million. Now let’s go to the components of our operating results, our 14.6% revenue increase was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenues were up 7.5% which was favorable by 17.5 percentage points versus the fourth quarter base decline of 10%.  As David mentioned we have seen solid revenue gains worldwide led by the transportation, industrial packaging, power systems and polymers and fluids segments. North American base revenues increased 7.1% and international base revenues increased 8% in the first quarter which were significant improvements from the fourth quarter declines of 10.9% and 9.0% respectively. Next, currency translation increased revenues by 5.4% which was favorable by 210 basis points versus the fourth quarter currency benefit. Lastly acquisitions added 2% to revenue growth which was 30 basis points higher than the fourth quarter acquisition impact.  Operating margins for the first quarter of 13.4% were higher than last year by 10.5 percentage points and higher than fourth quarter margins by 70 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 810 basis points due to both the favorable impact of the higher sales volume and the positive impact of non-volume items.  Included in the non-volume items are the following items, lower costs as a result of restructuring programs, plus 200 basis points; favorable price cost effect, plus 70 basis points; inventory adjustments related to costing and obsolescence reserves, plus 160 basis points. In addition margins were higher by 270 basis points due to last year’s impairment charge of $90 million. Also acquisitions reduced margins by 20 basis and translation diluted margins by 30 basis points. When I turn it back over to John he’ll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non operating area, interest expense increased by $13 million in the first quarter as a result of the bond issuance in late 2009 of March. Other non operating income and expense was favorable by $0 million mainly due to higher income from investments.  The first quarter effective tax rate of 33.9% was higher as a result of the unfavorable discrete tax adjustment of $22 million related to the new healthcare bill. Excluding this adjustment the effective tax rate would have been 29%.  The tax rate is forecasted to be in a range of 28.75% to 29.25% for the second quarter and 29.75% to 30.25% for the full year.  Turning to the balance sheet total invested capital decreased $171 million from the fourth quarter primarily due to unfavorable currency translation partially offset by higher inventory levels. Accounts receivable DSO was 61.2 days versus 59.7 days at the end of the fourth quarter. Inventory months on hand was 1.8 at the end of the quarter versus 1.9 at the end of last year.  For the first quarter capital expenditures were $61 million and depreciation was $84 million. ROIC for the first quarter excluding the discrete tax adjustment increased to 13% versus 5% last year excluding last year’s impairment and tax charges.  On the financing side our debt level was essentially the same as the fourth quarter and debt to capital remains stable at 26%. Cash on the balance sheet increased to $1.4 billion from $1.3 billion at the end of the fourth quarter.  Our cash position increased $99 million in the first quarter as our free operating cash flow of $219 million and short-term debt proceeds of $112 million were utilized for acquisitions of $28 million and dividends of $155 million.  Regarding acquisitions we acquired four companies in the first quarter which have annual revenues of $26 million. Our current forecast for full year 2010 is acquired revenues of $300 to $500 million which includes a $62 million auto aftermarket business which closed in early April. I’ll now turn it back over to John who will provide more details on the first quarter operating results. 
John Brooklier : Thank you Ron, now let’s review our first quarter segment highlights, starting with transportation Q1 2010 total segment revenues increased 35.6% versus the year ago period. Base revenues grew a very healthy 32% compared to the year earlier period and notably Q1 operating margins of 13.7% were 1810 basis points higher than the year earlier period but 130 basis points lower than Q4 2009 operating margins.  The large Q1 increase in segment base revenue growth was due to continued high levels of auto builds in both North America and Europe. In North America Q110 auto builds of $2.9 million were substantially higher than the Q109 builds of $1.7 million. And Detroit 3 and new domestic OEM’s both participated in these big year over year production increases. The European auto builds totaled $4.2 million in the first quarter of 2010 versus a build of three million units a year ago. We continue to believe that auto builds will stay strong throughout the year and we are now forecasting full year 2010 auto builds of 11.2 million units for North American OEM’s and 16.5 million units for Europe.  In our auto aftermarket group Q110 base revenue grew a modest 0.6% on a year over year basis reflecting the slight uptick in miles driven and consumer spending in this category. Moving to industrial packaging total segment Q1 revenues grew 21% versus a year ago period. Q1 base revenues totaled 10.9% growth compared to the year earlier period. Q1 operating margins of 9.8% were 1040 basis points higher than the year earlier period and 250 basis points higher than the Q409 operating margins. Industrial packaging base revenues continue to show improvement in the first quarter of 2010 with base revenue growth of 10.9% compared to the year earlier period.  Recent macro data including improving industrial production activity in the US underpinned better financial results for a number of our North American industrial packaging business units. Notably our total North American industrial packaging base revenues increased 19.8% in Q1 with the [inaudible] strapping volume increases accounting for significant majority of the growth.  Total international industrial packaging base revenues were up 2.5% in the quarter versus the year ago. Moving to food equipment, total segment Q1 revenues were modestly negative on a year over year basis. Q1 base revenues declined 5.2% due to the expected slow equipment sales. Even with slower negative revenues however, Q1 operating margins of 11.8% were 150 basis points higher than the year ago period, but 220 basis points lower than Q409 operating margins.  Food equipment’s Q1 base revenue declined to 5.2% was directly tied to slow equipment sales in the quarter. As we said in Q409 worldwide customers continue to delay equipment purchases and that has impacted both our North American and international businesses.  Total North America food equipment base revenues declined 2.7% in the quarter with the new project side of the business accounting for most of that decline. As you would expect the replacement side of the business was stronger in the quarter.  Once again the strongest performer in the segment was the North America service business which produced Q1 base revenue growth of 1% versus a year ago period. Total international food equipment base revenues decreased 7% in the quarter as both Europe and Asia saw pushback from institutional customers on equipment orders.  Moving to power systems and electronics, the total segment Q1 revenues grew 13.7% versus a year ago period. Base revenues total 10.7% growth in the quarter compared to the year earlier period. The substantially stronger Q1 operating margins of 20.8% were 1440 basis points higher than year ago period and 620 basis points higher than Q409 operating margins.  The segment’s Q1 base revenue growth of 10.7% was largely attributable to our PC board fabrication businesses. These units which provide solder and in OEM and manufacturing equipment to worldwide consumer electronics customers produced a Q1 base revenue increase of 89.4% versus the year ago period.  Clearly the surge in demand for a variety of consumer electronic products including phones, portable computers, and PDA’s have spurred on business group growth. In the welding related portion of this segment Q1 worldwide welding base revenues declined 1.4% versus the year ago period.  However that is substantially better performance than Q409 when worldwide welding base revenues fell nearly 25% on a year over year basis. The sequential improvement from Q409 to Q110 was led by North American welding which produced Q1 base revenue growth of 1.7% versus the prior year period. Internationally Q1 welding base revenues declined 8.4% compared to the year ago period.  The next segment construction products, total segment Q1 revenues grew 14.2% versus the year ago period. Base revenues however only increased 0.5% in the quarter compared to the year earlier period. Even so, Q1 operating margins of 6.9% were 1010 basis points higher than the year ago period but 300 basis points lower than Q409 operating margins.  The segment’s Q1 base revenue growth of less than 1% directly reflects sequentially better financial performance but still relatively tepid end market demand in both North America and internationally. In North America total construction base revenues declined 2% in Q1 versus the year ago period.  Our North American residential businesses saw base revenues grow 7.6% in Q1 thanks to better housing start data. In Q1 housing starts averaged 617,000 units versus housing starts that were largely in the 550,000 range for the second half of 2009. However the renovation and commercial construction businesses both produced base revenue declines of 6% compared to the year ago period.  Internationally Q1 base revenues increased 1.1% versus the year earlier period with Asia Pacific base revenues growing 4.3% and European base revenues declining 0.9%. In the polymers and fluids segment total revenues grew 18.3% versus the year ago period. Base revenues increased 7.6% on a year over year basis as the fluid side of the business showed substantial improvement. Notably Q1 operating margins of 12.5% were dramatically higher than Q109 but 110 basis points lower than Q409 operating margins. The segment’s Q1 base revenue growth of 7.6% was largely driven by our worldwide fluids businesses. Base revenues for the worldwide fluids businesses grew 13.9% in Q1 with international businesses increasing 15.1% and North American base revenues growing 11.5%. Growth in the fluids category was mainly due to increased worldwide demand for both MRO aerosol products as well as personal hygiene products. The worldwide polymers businesses also showed improvement in Q1 with base revenues growing 4.7%. International polymers base revenues increased 6.1% while North American base revenues were essentially flat year over year.  Decorative surfaces total segment Q1 revenues grew 1.5% versus the year ago period. Base revenues in Q1 declined 2.6% as the segment’s North America commercial construction revenue concentration continued to impact results. As a result Q1 operating margins of 9.5% were 260 basis points lower than the year ago period but 10 basis points higher than Q409 operating margins.  While the decorative surfaces base revenue sequentially improved from a decline of 10.3% in Q409 to a base revenue decrease of 2.6% in Q110 the overall segment continues to be constrained by its North American commercial construction mix. Commercial construction activity industries all show ongoing weakness in the US based commercial construction projects. Base revenues for the North American [inaudible] laminate business declined 2.6% in Q1 versus the year ago period. On the international side base revenues fell 2.5% in the quarter compared to the year earlier period.  And finally in our all other segment Q1 revenues grew 11.4% versus a year ago. Base revenues in Q1 increased 2.6% with short cycle consumer related businesses leading the way. Very strong Q1 operating margins of 16.8% were 560 basis points higher than the year ago period and 190 basis points higher than Q409 operating margins.  The segment’s year over year base revenue increase of 2.6% was due to the improved performance of our consumer related businesses. Most notably our industrial appliance base revenues grew 12.9% in Q1 versus the year ago with most of that growth emanating from energy efficiency initiatives in the appliance sector.  Consumer packaging base revenues grew 4.2% in Q1. While our more CapEx related businesses, the business has showed sequential improvement Q409 to Q1 they were still faced with weaker demand for equipment sales. Most notably our worldwide custom measurements base revenues declined 7.5% in Q1 versus the year ago period.  Now let me turn it back over to Ron who will cover our 2010 second quarter and full year forecast.
Ron Kropp : For the second quarter of 2010 we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.74 to $0.86. The low end of this range assumes a 15% increase in total revenues versus 2009 and the high end of the range assumes a 19% increase. The mid point of this EPS range of $0.80 would be 122% higher than Q2 2009.  For the full year our forecasted EPS range is now $2.72 to $3.08 based on higher total revenues of 10% to 14%. The mid point of the EPS range of $2.90 would be 50% higher than 2009. This new EPS forecast is a significant increase from the forecast range we provided in January of $2.43 to $2.93 and reflects our more optimistic view of the business environment and our ability to continue to generate solid operating margins. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues between $300 and $500 million, restructuring costs of $50 to $80 million for the year, and as I mentioned earlier a tax rate range between 28.75% and 29.25% for the second quarter and 29.75% to 30.25% for the full year.  I’ll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A. 
John Brooklier : This concludes our formal part of our presentation, we’ll now open the call to your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch 
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Could we talk a little bit about M&A, I see you didn’t raise the expected contribution target this year. If you look at sort of industry bid/ask spreads things have narrowed considerably. You are obviously very strong acquirers. What do you see in terms of your current pipeline, I think you have this secondary pipeline, maybe where could there be upside based on your activity levels and what areas are you looking. 
David Speer : First of all as you know we don’t adjust the pipeline until we’ve actually closed deals so if you follow what we said about Q1 and Ron noted in his comment we closed a deal early in April of about $60-some million so year to date we’re about $90 million in revenues closed. So at this stage we wouldn’t obviously raise the range but obviously as our experience based on deals going forward would rise we would look at that range. I can tell you that the pipeline has strengthened since the end of the year. The pipeline today is about $600 million in size, so its up some $200 million since the end of the year.  I would expect that what we have in the pipeline that is scheduled to close over the next 45 days or so that we would likely be in a position before the end of the second quarter to make some upward revision in the range for acquisitions.  We are beginning to see some change obviously in the bid and ask if you will, the spread, but I can also tell you that there are a number of factors that are occurring from a private equity perspective that have also driven valuations up relatively quickly, so, there’s a number of things going on but I would say that we certainly see an improving environment and I would expect that as the year progresses the pipeline will continue to strengthen. 
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: If you look to the mid 2000, you completed sort a billion to two billion of revenue from deals, could you maybe just contrast today’s environment with that period and are we, do you foresee a scenario where we build back to those types of levels and if not why, or perhaps maybe exceed them, just a little bit more color in terms of where you think we are relative to the future runway. Its less to do with this quarter, next quarter, its more just where are we heading with all of this as you take a look at the landscape.
David Speer : Yes, I think we’re clearly headed back to that same kind of trajectory that you referenced that we had from 2006 to 2008. I think we’re coming off of a very significant trough that occurred actually beginning in the latter part of 2008 into 2009 as business conditions weakened and as it became less and less a very conducive environment for acquisitions, but I certainly see that the trends are upward. Certainly the capabilities from our balance sheet standpoint and certainly our interests are there so I certainly see us returning to that kind of activity level again where I would expect that we’d be routinely looking at acquisitions that are in that 7% to 8% of our annualized revenues which would put you in the billion dollar plus range on a normalized basis. So I think we’re at the beginning of what I would expect to be an upsurge in the cycle as it impacts our acquisition activity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Two questions, one just trying to get a feel for you talked about I think material costs, price you had a benefit of 70 bps in the quarter, how do you see that playing out for the full year and whether or not we’ve gone out with more aggressive price increases in the back half and just the competitive response to that. And I guess just a follow-up question to that is should we view, how do you think about margins in the remaining nine months of the year. Should we continue to see sort of modest sequential improvement or whether there’s anything in terms of seasonality or material cost price risk that I should be thinking about. 
David Speer : A couple of things, first of all on the price/cost side yes, you accurately noted we had a 70 basis point favorable impact. By our projections going forward that’s over. We have clearly seen raw material price increases some of which we will offset with already initiated price increases as well, but I would expect that as we move forward its going to be the sort of the more traditional range where we have some cost increases that we don’t recoup necessarily in line with the price increases, that don’t necessary recoup in line with all the cost increases.  I would expect for the balance of the year we’re probably going to bounce around between maybe minus 50 to minus 100 basis points per quarter but a pretty normal level of activity and that’s really what we’ve built into our sort of future look forward. The price increases that we’ve seen or cost increases we’ve seen have largely come from the steel and plastic categories and they have moved up clearly at the end of the quarter and into what we’re seeing in the early part of the second quarter so, I expect that we’ll be in that kind of sort of market for the next several quarters anyway.  On the margin side I would just remind everyone that our strongest quarter is in fact the second quarter so the margins that we’re projecting for the second quarter are sequentially better than what we’d expect in the second half of the year on a percentage basis.  The change in margin profile I think solidified significantly in the first quarter as we saw with the strong incrementals and I would expect that if you look at our mid point numbers for Q2 and you extend those through to the implied ranges for the balance of the year, we would expect our margins for the year to end up in the 14% to 15% range so obviously trending up from the 13.4% in Q1. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then the competitors response to price increases, are people being rational or are they being aggressive, just what you’re seeing in general. 
David Speer : Well I don’t know that we have a lot of data to be able to talk definitively about competitive response, but I know that our early moves on price have not met with anything other than the normal kind of resistance, so I don’t think there’s any notable data on competitors that would suggest that people aren’t expecting to recoup price based on cost increases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: I wonder if we could talk a little bit about the drivers of the sequential revenue improvement that’s implied by the second quarter guidance, which segments is that coming from and if you think about the high and the low end of the range on guidance, kind of where the big swing factors could be again from a segment perspective. 
David Speer : Well I think we expect obviously as John and Ron pointed out in their comments, we’ve raised our guidance in the transportation segment significantly based on what we see is a significantly better auto build. The number now for us is 11.2 million for the year. That’s up from 10.5 which was revised up from 10 and the same on the international side in Europe the auto build now is projected in the 16.9 range, up from just over 16.  So that’s probably individually the strongest driver. Continued strengthening in the industrial packaging area, certainly you saw the numbers that John spoke about particularly obviously on the consumable side. We haven’t seen any significant rebound in equipment yet, but strong demand in consumables, almost a 20% increase here in North America in Q1. So those are two of the more significant I would say drivers on the upside. If you look at our revised guidance however for the year you’ll note that while we improved our earnings guidance, we did not change the revenue range so our expectation is still that we’re going to see base revenue for the year in the 8% range and that the real driver here in earnings improvement is going to be the incremental performance and stronger performance as a result of the cost controls that we’ve had put in place.  So I think the offset to the stronger guidance in transportation and industrial packaging is still a lag in what we see happening in some of the equipment businesses. So I think all in, we’re talking about a stronger margin profile based on what we see as better incrementals through the cost controls we’ve had in place but not a significant change in our revenue outlook for the year.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: And two points of clarification on that first you did talk about being more optimistic about the economic environment and so perhaps you’re really suggesting maybe there is more upside here to the full year guidance to the extent that you do get a little bit more volume and secondly in terms of the better margins then driving the full year guidance move doesn’t sound like its price/cost. Is it either you’re finding greater benefits from the restructuring you did last year, or maybe you can just clarify where within the margin levers you’re feeling better there. 
David Speer : Yes I think largely the margin levers is we’re getting more benefit in the restructuring that we did last year than what we had projected. I mean that’s probably 80% of it. I would say that price/cost I would describe the price/cost environment that we outlook now for the balance of the year as being sort of a normalized environment where there is some negative sort of headwind but its relatively narrow.  We certainly will not see the benefits that we saw for the last three quarters in the price/cost equation but I think its largely the incrementals are being driven by better benefits or higher benefits if you will than what we had anticipated in our restructuring activities last year. Relative to the optimism I would suggest that the optimism, we had built optimism into our original guidance in terms of what we saw happening with revenues. I think we can confirm after the first quarter we came in slightly above our mid point on base revenue growth in Q1 and I think our base revenue growth, if you run the numbers for the balance of the year would suggest that we’re up in low double-digits in Q2 and in the 6.5% to 7% range for the second half of the year.  So, if we get revenue strength beyond that we’ll certainly have much improved results from our guidance but I think the note is we’re really projecting similar revenues to our original guidance but stronger incrementals which leads to higher margins. 
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: The geographic profile of your $600 million M&A pipeline, can you give us a feel for that. 
David Speer : I don’t have the exact makeup but it would be probably slightly tilted towards international revenues at the moment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn - UBS
Henry Kirn - UBS: Wondering if you could chat a little bit about what you saw from the demand in March versus the rest of the quarter. 
David Speer : Well obviously the March numbers were quite strong. In fact if you look at the differences between the numbers that we had put out in our mid March release covering the first two months versus what happened in March, it was significant change upward, base business up more than 12% in March which is obviously a strong indication of the improvement that we saw in that month. We saw some of that building obviously heading into March but obviously clarified across a pretty broad range of businesses as John and Ron noted in their comments, but yes, March was a strong month. 
Henry Kirn - UBS: And I guess could you talk a little bit about how we should think about working capital as we go through the rest of the year. 
David Speer : Well the big swing in cash flow if you will compared to Q1 of last year was really the build in receivables which you would expect to come as a result of increased revenues. There was not much change in inventory in terms of the overall inventory dollars but certainly as the year progresses and we look at rates in the second quarter of base business growth in the 10%-plus range we’ll start to see inventory build as well. So I would expect to see some modest gains in both inventory and then certainly as you look at receivables, the sales volumes for the coming quarters are higher than they were for Q1 so you’ll see some rise in obviously working capital as we look at the balance of the year. 
Ron Kropp : I think what you should expect to see going back to more historical levels of DSO and months on hand so, typically months on hand is 1.9 to 2, DSO is between 60 and 61, 62.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Brilliant quarter, couple of questions, one by the way, I hope you can post the presentation on the website, at least I can’t find it. Power systems and electronics had a phenomenal margin with the welding business still flat on its back, can you give us an idea of the [inaudible] was great, sustainability particularly the margin side of this business, are you expecting welding, do you have some guidance on what’s going on the welding business the next couple of quarters and will consumables hold margins, can you give us some idea of what’s going on there. 
David Speer : Well obviously as you pointed out the margins were impressive. I’d say the biggest single lever in the quarter was the significant improvement in the PC board businesses because they had been a huge drag on margins. Certainly the margins in welding are impressive and they have remained high. The consumable margins are strong in that business. The mix is still tilted towards largely equipment in our welding businesses, it still represents about 70% of the welding group if you will. So I think the real swing in Q1 in terms of margin improvement would be really related to what changed in terms of the electronics sub segment there and the strong improvement in the order volumes both on the consumables side as well as the equipment side and the equipment side continues to build. The backlog there continues to build as John pointed out in his comments, the strong response or rebound in consumer electronics has been one of the stronger drivers there and some of that product also ends up in the automotive segment and that’s also had a contributing factor as well. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: So you’re expecting these margins to be sustainable for the most of the year at this point. 
David Speer : Yes, if you look at the growth rates we’re looking at across this segment for the balance of the year the answer is yes. 
Ron Kropp : If you look at the prior year margins of 60.4% that includes an impairment charge that had an impact of 5.7% so that’s also driving part of this. Historically this segment’s margins are in the 20% range. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: And to be there without welding is quite impressive. Can you talk are you seeing any of this [inaudible] effect, can you talk about what’s going on in inventory in the chain and is there any chance, any way that a lot of this is just restocking and rebuilding the pipeline from the big [defamation] last year.
David Speer : There’s no question that I think certainly in March I would expect that at least some of this had something to do with restocking in some segments. Its hard to get an exact handle on that but I would think that it would have had some impact. Some of the segments that have begun to rebound the inventory levels were very low, so any kind of increased activity level is going to require at least some rebuilding of inventory to a reasonable level.  I think that’s clearly the case in parts of our industrial packaging businesses. We have not seen that to any significant extent in any of our equipment businesses yet, but the transportation segment I would not say that there was much of an inventory build there. Most of that occurred in the latter half of last year. The volumes from Q4 to Q1 change in auto build was not significant. In fact it went down in Europe, it was up modestly here. So I think the restocking if you will is probably begun to occur at least in some segments but its hard to get a handle on it. Certainly not as significant as what we saw in the destocking. 
John Brooklier : Point of clarification, the power point presentation was not posted. You were correct so our apologies. Everybody on the call, the power point presentation should be posted within the next five minutes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research 
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : Question about the transportation margin performance in the quarter because if you look at revenues I’m comparing it versus fourth quarter so just sequentially revenues were about flat but with a margin down 130 basis points or so, was there something unusual going on here in the first quarter.  
David Speer : I think the change in margins in Q1 in transportation, remember this is a segment that’s got automotive aftermarket in it as well as a truck related aftermarket business. And so the margins certainly in the truck related business were down, that would have had somewhat of a negative impact.  And we had probably the strongest incrementals in the automotive OEM business in Q4 so I think you’ve probably got a combination of several things. 
Ron Kropp : Also on the non volume area we had some pickups in inventory related things, things like LIFO in the fourth quarter in this segment.  
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : So then given that we’re at a sort of a run rate for North American manufacturing any way these margins would be pretty much good for the remainder of the year, do you expect anything different as we get to the full year annual.
David Speer : Are you talking about the transportation segment or automotive. 
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : Transportation segment.
David Speer : Transportation segment I would expect these margins to actually improve through the year.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : Question about the earlier comment about price versus cost, it seems like you’re pretty direct saying you think that’s going to be negative, a headwind 50 to 100 basis points and yet it seems like across a lot of the manufacturing economy there’s a lot of price increases being put in place right now to the final customers and lead times are beginning to stretch in several categories and it seems like buyers are on the margin becoming less price sensitive and more focused on availability. And I’m wondering why ITW isn’t adopting a more aggressive posture with regard to price improvement in the latter half of the year. 
David Speer : Well I wouldn’t describe our posture as passive, I think what I’m describing it is we’ve had price increases, we’ll continue to have price increases, the delta is largely related to timing. You never get price increases perfectly in line with cost increase from a timing standpoint so its really the lag effect of how long it takes to get a price increase actually through the system while you have already incurred cost increases. So, I would describe this as a very normal sort of an environment and if in fact costs or price increases, if we figure that we can go higher on some of these than we can we certainly will, we certainly look at the market and we look at the cost profile and what we think is reasonable but I wouldn’t read anything negative into my comment.  That’s sort of a typical price/cost environment and its really based more on a lag than anything else. And remember we’re coming off of three extremely strong quarters of a big delta between price and cost, so, we’ve recognized a lot of this improvement already in our current margin profile.
Ron Kropp : And part of the reason for this sense of strong performance there over the last three quarters is as costs have come down our prices have not come down as much so we’ve been able to hold price over the last year. 
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : And then just a final little detail here, the outlook for tax for the full year, the [50%], that would include this Medicare charge in there. 
Ron Kropp : That’s correct, that includes the 33.9% rate from the first quarter. 
David Speer : And that’s really the reason that the rate for the year has changed, its related to that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan - JPMorgan
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Can you talk a little bit about your commercial construction business and they seem to be holding up better than the market itself, can you just talk about what’s going on in those specific businesses and is there worse to come or is it those segments that are kind of holding you to be more conservative on your revenue outlook. Could you just give us some color on those.
David Speer : Well obviously the commercial segment as you know from the Dodge data on contracts awarded continue to be significantly negative. Was negative all of last year. Negative into the mid 40’s last year for the year on start related data on a square footage basis, its still year to date commercial square footage down nearly a third.  So we haven’t seen any significant improvement in the market levels. Obviously what we built into our original guidance was not for a rebound in commercial construction. I think we are performing somewhat better in the market. I think some of it has to do with our short supply lines. I think some of it also has to do that in some of our commercial construction businesses we do have a component of some MRO activity that helps. But overall while its down 6% versus some significant declines in start activity obviously we’re pleased with the performance in that kind of a market environment but I wouldn’t read anything too significant into it. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And on the food service side would you expect to see further declines just given that your food service business is highly institutional and maybe tied more to state and local budgets. What do you think, do you think you’re at the bottom in that business. 
David Speer : I think we’re probably near the bottom but I wouldn’t call it a bottom yet until we actually see some inflection point. I think its as John pointed out in his earlier comments, the main downfall or the main shortfall in North America as an example was the project related activity. That’s almost exclusively new construction. So the replacement activity I think has flattened out. We’ll see over the next quarter what happens.  So if we’re not at the bottom, I would expect we’re reasonably close. The bid activity, the quote activity is reasonable which is obviously a precursor to any significant improvement in ordering activity so too early to say it’s the bottom but probably based on where we are, not far away. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And then just a quick follow-up on the margin, I think you said that by year end you’d expect to be at 14% to 15% margins—
David Speer : I think if you look at the implied guidance for the second half of the year along with the 2Q guidance at the mid point it comes out between 14% and 15% margins. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And assuming when you give us that guidance you’re baking in roughly $400 million of acquisitions at lower margins. 
David Speer : Yes, correct, $400 million of acquisitions with almost no significant margin impact. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley 
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley : I had a couple of questions, first is just on financial distress in the supply chain, I’m wondering if you’re seeing any share gains, I know its tough to measure from competitors who are struggling to get financing in the growing up cycle and maybe if that’s tough to answer if you’re seeing more situations of distress in the potential acquisition pipeline.
David Speer : I would say on the supply chain side we probably in some markets seen some modest benefit as a result of some supply chain disruption. There’s no question that some players in the supply chains in some markets cut back to the point where they have not been able to respond to any significant upswings.  I think in other cases our businesses are positioned with much shorter lead time profiles and that’s a lot more comfortable for people to deal with in what is still somewhat of an uncertain environment in terms of the demand profile over the next several quarters.  So I think we clearly have benefited from that. We know we have in construction, we know we have in auto, we know we have in industrial packaging so, I don’t think there’s any question that we’ve been the benefactor of that at least at some level.  I think as it relates to the M&A environment I don’t know that I could say anything definitively there other than the fact that some of deals that have started to emerge of size have emerged with multiples that remind me more of 2007 than 2008 which would indicate that there’s a shift in thinking at least from how some people are looking at valuing some of these larger size deals both public and private. So its hard to get a read on that environment. It has not had much impact on our pipeline or the pricing, but I tell you there’s a few deals we’ve looked at that did not get into our price line because the pricing was clearly outside of anything we thought was comfortable.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley : I know you’ve kind of asked and answered this but I was surprised not to see the revenue outlook go up given how bullish you sound. I don’t know if it’s a fair question or not but are you more comfortable with the revenue outlook now than you were last time you spoke to us. 
David Speer : I don’t know, maybe I sounded too much like a bear before but I would say that what I’m reflecting, what we’re reflecting here in our change in guidance is based largely on the strength of what we saw incrementals much better performance in incrementals largely as a result of more benefits coming out of the restructuring that we did.  When you do the restructuring you try to peg the benefits as closely as you can but you really don’t get a full view until things really begin to take off and you see the incremental impact and obviously its stronger than what we had projected. I think in terms of the markets, the market is playing out at this stage about what we had expected. Some markets performing better, like transportation and industrial packaging, and some somewhat slower like custom measurement and the industrial packaging equipment business. So I don’t think there’s any dramatic change in what our expectations are. The second half of the year remember we’re going against obviously stronger comps from the second half of 2009 so no real change in the demand profile, I think perhaps the more optimism is based on we have a pretty strong sense now of where our cost profile stands and what we think we can generate with what now looks, we think to be a reasonably good look at revenue forecast for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird 
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : What specifically is included in your second quarter revenue forecast in terms of base business growth.
David Speer : Its about 11%, the mid point for the second quarter base business.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : And in a world where nothing ever meets exactly meets forecast, you’ve identified some businesses that were stronger in the first quarter, nothing that is running a bit behind earlier expectations. 
David Speer : I would say the equipment businesses, our test and measurement group which is in the all other category along with even some of our welding equipment and some of our industrial packaging equipment. So what we’ve seen with the businesses that are more CapEx related that there really has not been a significant rebound in order profiles there. Replacement volumes are starting to build but new equipment orders are not. And capital budgets appear to be increased but they’re not being spent yet. So those would be the ones that I would highlight as sort of a category businesses that are probably somewhat weaker than what we would have expected which means I think in some of those equipment businesses we now don’t expect any real improvement in the demand profile until probably the second half of the year. 
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : And then related to that focusing in a little more closely on industrial packaging you made the comment that you really didn’t see any improvement in the equipment side of the business in the quarter but my memory is that there had been some improvement in February, maybe it didn’t follow through in March and I would think that what you’re really looking for there is a pickup in general industrial to tell you that something is fundamentally changed in the economy and I wonder how far away from that we are.
David Speer : What I would say is we had a very strong March in industrial packaging led by the consumable volume which as you know is the first precursor to any improvement in the marketplace and certainly would be a precursor to any improvement in equipment activity so it’s a strong reflection that in fact capacity utilization across these customers is going up. They’re utilizing the capacity at the rate that drove demand up. Some of that was probably a modest level of restocking but a 20% increase in consumable volume here in North America, that’s a pretty good indication that we have finally seen I would think a significant inflection point upward on the demand side there.  I would expect that that would mean that over the next quarter or so we’ll start to see an improvement in the equipment profile. The quote activity has improved but it hasn’t resulted in orders and shipments that would allow me to say that that part of the business is sort of back on track. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Just as a follow-up currency was a little bit more of a contributor to the top line than we had thought this quarter, given the dollar what are you baking in for translation headwinds over the course of the rest of the year. 
Ron Kropp : Remember the currency changed quite a bit last year so we’re comparing to the prior year. It will have lots of a contribution in the second quarter in the 3% to 4% range, about flat in the third quarter, and down negative two to negative three in the fourth based on current exchange rates. 
David Speer : Remember current exchange rates for us are end of February. 
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: So end of February and I’m assuming if you wanted to drive EPS you just simply multiply by the corporate average margin, is that fair how you do it. 
Ron Kropp : Yes, that works. 
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: So then I just want to, can you remind me, why are your Asia Pacific construction businesses still really sluggish. I know you’ve got a [inaudible] to Australia but aren’t those economies doing much better and maybe you could comment broadly on what you saw in China in the quarter and maybe any business activity specifically like welding or something like that. 
David Speer : Well certainly as it relates to construction, you’re right, we have a reasonably strong presence in Australia and New Zealand, in our construction businesses, and the first quarter is traditionally a relatively weak quarter there. Remember its got December and January which is the big vacation months certainly down under.  So, that’s not expected to be very strong. I don’t have the exact granular numbers for China in construction but I suspect they would have been modestly in the double-digits. 
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: What about China overall, do you have any color in terms of your businesses overall.
David Speer : Certainly you see a solid rebound in China for the quarter revenues up in the 37% range, but I think what I would suggest that we’ve seen a couple of businesses with strong improvement, those were the ones that were beaten way down in the first part of last year, first quarter of last year, you may recall we had a big decline in several of our businesses related to the electronics segments, both in the power electronics segment and then some in our polymers and fluids segment where we have some other businesses concentrated there. That’s probably been the biggest single element there in terms of rebound. Some modest pickup in overall export activity but I think the most notable one would be the electronics segment.
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: You said revenues were up 37% in China in the first quarter. 
David Speer : Correct.
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: And then what did your welding business do in China and maybe you could just talk a little bit about that and the outlook.
David Speer : I don’t know that I have specific data on welding down double-digits, modest double-digits in welding in China primarily on the basis of the major decline in ship building, the energy infrastructure business has still held up well but the ship building business which was still good through the first quarter of last year obviously has declined and that’s been the big headwind in welding in China. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst 
Unspecified Analyst : I just have a quick one, I’ll make it fast for you, the second quarter margins are they based on your guidance are they going to be the high spot for the year or do you think that you can continue to make progress as we move through the year. 
Ron Kropp : Consistent with where we normally run, the second quarter is our strongest quarter and so we expect the margins to be the highest in the second quarter in the 15% to 16% range. 
David Speer : Remember the third quarter has got significant vacation period in there for Europe and obviously the fourth quarter is lower quarter of activity levels. 
Unspecified Analyst : And is there a chance for some more pricing as we move through the year or that remains to be seen. 
David Speer : I think that remains to be seen. Obviously as I’ve described earlier we’re in a price/cost environment that I would call relatively normal. If there’s an opportunity to recoup price more quickly that may have some impact but it will probably take at least a quarter for us to sort of understand.  First of all understand how significant these cost increases are and how long they’re going to stick if you will and certainly how quickly we’re able to respond from a price standpoint but I wouldn’t place a lot of credence in any significant change in prices going forward, not that we’re going to get any significant gain. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Andy Casey - Wells Fargo 
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : Couple of follow-ups, one is to an earlier question on international, you gave China revenue increase could you give us the same for Europe.
Ron Kropp : Its around 3%.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : And then on the PC board fabrication business the positive 89.4 that you saw in the quarter clearly that is not a sustainable number, what do you think, is that more first half loaded that type of comp and then it flattens out in the second half or just more moderate revenue growth as we go forward.
David Speer : Well certainly we don’t expect 89% going forward, that’s for sure. Remember that was the worst quarter of the year last year so things did begin to improve by Q3 and Q4 in those businesses so, I certainly wouldn’t expect that. I think the kind of demand profile we’d expect probably overall in that related business is somewhere in the 20% to 25% range for the year. Clearly its impacted by both equipment volume and consumables. The equipment component is about 70% of that volume so a lot of that’s going to have to do with change in technology, some of the newer devices that are being sold and they require newer equipment.  In addition to that obviously higher volumes require more consumables so I would expect that the demand profile for the year is probably in the 20% to 25% range. 
Ron Kropp : And if you look at the comps, that segment was down more than 50% in both the first and second quarter, got better in the third last year and was only down 14% in the fourth. 
John Brooklier :  Thanks everybody for joining us on the call and we look forward to talking to everybody again, have a good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Brooklier – VP IR David Speer – CEO Ron Kropp – SVP & CFO
Analysts:  Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Henry Kirn - UBS Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs Unspecified Analyst  Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research  Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley  Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital  Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Andy Casey - Wells Fargo  Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird  
Operator: Welcome to the Illinois Tool Works fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the meeting over, Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Brooklier: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to ITW’s fourth quarter 2009 conference call. I am John Brooklier, ITW’s Investor Relations Officer and with me today is our CEO, David Speer and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Thanks for joining us on the call. Let me now turn today’s call over to David who will make some brief remarks on our strong fourth quarter operating performance.
David Speer : Thank you John, our 2009 fourth quarter financial performance was very good, particularly when viewed against the modest improvements we saw in our worldwide end markets during the quarter. While its clear the easier Q4 2009 comparisons versus the prior year period helped this quarter we continue to be encouraged by the improvement in US and European industrial production and ISM forecast data as well as the uptick in certain worldwide end markets.  Here are some noteworthy Q4 developments which have good implications for 2010. Our base revenues improved sequentially but base revenues declined 10% in Q4 compared to the Q4 of 2008. That compares favorably to our total company base revenue decrease of 17.9% in the third quarter of 2009 versus the year earlier period.  Some of the sequential improvement was clearly tied to easier comparables in the Q4 period versus the year ago. But we continue to see real improvement in discrete markets, most notably worldwide automotive. Our worldwide automotive base revenues grew 8.8% in the quarter versus a base revenue decline of 9.7% in the third quarter.  As you’ll hear later the dramatic improvement in base revenue growth was driven by a significant increase in auto builds in Europe and in North America in Q4 versus Q3 and also significant additional penetration gains.  While our strong company performance in Q4 yielded operating margins of 12.7%, 120 basis points higher than Q4 2008, though there were modestly below our Q3 margins but in line with our expectations. In any event we believe we’re well positioned for margin expansion in 2010. Its clear our restructuring expenditures of $161 million for the full year have allowed us to respond to local market conditions as we right size the company.  Finally our free operating cash flow numbers remained strong during the quarter and as a result our free operating cash flow for the year totaled $1.9 billion. That represents a free operating cash flow to net income conversion rate of 201% for the full year.  Now let me turn the call back over to John. 
John Brooklier : Thank you David, here is the agenda for today’s call, Ron will join us shortly to cover the Q4 2009 financial highlights. I will then address Q4 2009 operating highlights by reporting segment. Ron will then return to detail our Q1 2010 and full year 2010 earnings forecast. And finally we will take your questions.  First let’s cover the usual housekeeping items, please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform Act of 1995, including without limitations, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing operations, restructuring expenses and related benefits, tax rates, end market conditions and the company’s 2010 forecasts. For more information on this forward-looking statement, please consult our 10-K for 2008. Finally the telephone playback for this conference call is 402-220-3450. No passcode is necessary. The telephone replay is available through midnight of February 10. One other note, as per our custom our webcast power point presentation that accompanies this call is available on our www.itw.com website.  Now here’s Ron Kropp who will comment on our Q4 2009 financial highlights. 
Ron Kropp : Thanks John, good afternoon everyone. Here are the key items for the fourth quarter, revenues decreased 5% due to lower base revenues but showed improvement from the third quarter revenue decline of 20%.  Sequentially fourth quarter revenues were higher than the third quarter by 5%. Operating income was up 4.8% and margins of 12.7% were higher than last year by 120 basis points. Diluted income per share was $0.98 which was higher than last year by $0.39 primarily due to favorable discrete tax items recorded in the quarter of $187 million or $0.37 per share.  Excluding the impact of these tax items EPS would have been $0.61. Finally free operating cash flow continued to be very strong at $434 million. Now let’s go to the components of our operating results, our 5% revenue decrease was primarily due to three factors.  First, base revenues were down 10% which was favorable by 790 basis points versus the third quarter. As David mentioned we have seen a modest pickup in certain end markets such as worldwide automotive OEMs. North American base revenues decreased 10.9% which was 10.7 percentage points better than the third quarter decline.  International base revenues decreased 9% which was an improvement of 480 basis points from the third quarter. Next, currency translation increased revenues by 3.3% which was unfavorable by 890 basis points versus the third quarter negative currency effect.  Lastly acquisitions added 1.7% to revenue growth which was 190 basis points lower than the third quarter acquisition impact. Operating margins for the fourth quarter of 12.7% were higher than last year by 120 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 160 basis points as the unfavorable impact of the lower sales volume was more than offset by non-volume items. Non-volume items increased base margins by 490 basis points which is favorable versus the third quarter non-volume impact by 90 basis points. Included in non-volume impact for the fourth quarter were the following items.  Favorable price cost effect, plus 170 basis points; lower cost as a result of restructuring programs during the year, plus 140 basis points; miscellaneous one-time adjustments such as inventory reserves, life insurance investments and other corporate items, plus 80 basis points.  In addition acquisitions reduced margins by 20 basis points and translation diluted margins by 10 basis points. When I turn it back over to John, he’ll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments.  In the non-operating area, other non-operating income expense in the fourth quarter was favorable by $21 million mainly due to higher income from investments. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was negative 13%, as a result of discrete tax adjustments of $187 million in the quarter primarily related to a favorable German tax settlement of $77 million and additional foreign tax credits of $86 million which were recorded as a result of a legal entity restructuring.  For the full year the effective tax rate was 20.1%. The tax rate for 2010 is forecasted to be in the range of 28.75% to 29.25%. For the full year revenues decreased 19% and operating income was 45% lower. Income from continuing operations of $1.93 was $1.31 lower than last year. However as a result of significant reductions in operating working capital during the year free operating cash flow was very strong at $1.9 billion or more than 200% of net income. Our 18.8% full year revenue decrease was primarily due to base revenues being down 18.4%. The revenue contributions from acquisitions were essentially offset by the negative currency impact. For the full year North American base revenues decreased 21.6% and international base revenues were down 14.9%.  Full year operating margins of 10% were lower than 2008 by 460 basis points. The base business margins were lower by 220 basis points, acquisitions reduced margins by 60 basis points, and higher impairment and restructuring charges reduced margins 70 basis points each.  Turning to the balance sheet total invested capital increased $392 million from the third quarter primarily due to favorable currency translation and acquisitions. Operating working capital was essentially flat.  Accounts receivable DSO improved to 59.7 days versus 60.6 days at the end of the third quarter. Inventory months on hand was 1.7 at the end of the quarter versus 1.8 at the end of last quarter. Excluding the impact of translation and acquisition, inventory levels were reduced by almost $50 million during the fourth quarter and by almost $600 million year to date.  For the fourth quarter capital expenditures were $73 million and depreciation was $94 million. ROIC for the fourth quarter excluding the discrete tax adjustments increased to 13.9% versus 12.3% last year largely as a result of the lower invested capital and higher base business income.  On the financing side our debt increased slightly by $192 million from the third quarter and debt to capital remains stable at 26%. Cash on the balance sheet increased to $1.3 billion from $943 million at the end of the third quarter.  The increase in our cash position of $376 million in the fourth quarter was due to our free operating cash flow of $434 million being utilized for acquisitions of $163 million and dividends of $155 million. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired seven companies in the fourth quarter which have annual revenues of $155 million.  The biggest acquisition in the quarter was Hartness International which provides conveyor systems and line integration and automation for the beverage and food industries. For the year we acquired 20 businesses with $290 million of annualized revenues as the M&A environment remained weak throughout the year.  I will now turn it back over to John who will provide more details on the fourth quarter operating results. 
John Brooklier : Thank you Ron, now let’s review our fourth quarter segment highlights, we’ll begin with transportation. The Q4 2009 segment revenues grew, I emphasize grew, 9.6% and operating income dramatically increased more than 430% versus the year ago period.  By comparison Q3 2009 revenues fell 7% and operating income decreased 17% versus Q3 2008. Most notably operating margins of 15% in Q4 were 1190 basis points higher than the year ago period and 450 basis points higher than Q3 2009.  The 9.6% increase in Q4 revenues consisted of 6.3% for base revenue minus 0.3% from acquisitions and 3.7% from translation. Moving to the next slide, there’s a very simple explanation for better Q4 base revenue performance in the transportation segment and that increased auto builds. The sequential improvement in segment base revenues from a decline of 7.9% in Q3 to growth of 6.3% in Q4 was directly tied to significantly higher levels of auto builds in Europe and North America in the quarter. Notably worldwide automotive OEM based revenues improved from a decrease of 9.7% in Q3 to growth of 8.8% in Q4.  European auto builds jumped from 3.9 million units in the third quarter to a very robust 5.1 million units in Q4. This 31% increase in sequential builds was attributable to virtually all of the European OEMs increasing production, with PW group, PSA group, Renault, Fiat, and Ford group leading the way.  In North America Q4 auto builds of 2.7 million units were a 364,000 units higher than Q3 production rates. The Q3 to Q4 ramp up in North American auto builds was due to Detroit Three and the new domestics increasing production 16% and 15% respectively.  In our auto aftermarket business Q4 2009 base revenues declined 3% versus the year ago period. That’s slightly better than what we saw in Q3 and was attributable to an increase in miles driven and a modest uptick in consumer spending in this category.  Moving to the next segment, industrial packaging revenues declined 9.9% and operating income fell 5.3% in Q4 versus the year earlier period. By comparison Q3 2009 revenues decreased 29.5% and operating income fell 52% in Q3.  Fourth quarter 2009 operating margins of 7.3% were 40 basis points higher than the year ago period and base business contributed 120 basis points to operating margins in the quarter. The 9.9% decline in Q4 revenues consisted of minus 16.3% from base revenues, 2.3% from acquisitions, and 4% from translation.  Industrial packaging’s base revenues continue to show improvement as 2009 progressed with base revenues decreasing 16.3% in Q4 2009 compared to a base revenue decline of 23.3% in Q3 2009. Its clear that underlying macro data especially improving industrial production data from the US and Europe has helped the industrial base businesses somewhat in the segment.  Notably total North American industrial packaging base revenues declined 12.4% in Q4 compared to a base revenue decrease of 27% in Q3. Total international industrial packaging base revenues fell 19.4% in the fourth quarter versus the base revenue decline of 25% in Q3 2009. Moving to food equipment, segment revenues decreased 9.8% and operating income fell 22.6% in Q4 versus the year ago period. By comparison Q3 2009 revenues declined 10.2% and operating income fell 5.1% versus Q3 2008. Fourth quarter 2009 operating margins of 14% were 240 basis points lower than Q4 2008 and the 9.8% decline in Q4 revenues consisted of minus 12.5% from base revenues, 0.6% from acquisitions, and 2.2% from translation.  Food equipment’s Q4 performance was clearly impacted by soft equipment sales. Worldwide customers continued to delay equipment purchases especially those customers in the United States. As a result total segment base revenues declined 12.5% in Q4 versus a base revenues decrease of 6.3% in Q3.  North America food equipment base revenues declined 14.6% in Q4 with equipment sales down approximately 20%. The better news was that the North American service portion of the business declined only 0.8% in the quarter and that compares to a performance of essentially flat in Q3 2009. Internationally base revenues declined 10.5% in Q4 as demand for equipment in both Europe and Asia weakened but was better than what we experienced in the US.  Moving to power systems and electronics in Q4 segment revenues decreased 17.9% and operating income declined 23.1% versus the year ago period. By comparison Q3 revenues fell 34.6% and operating income declined 41.2% versus the year ago period.  Fourth quarter operating margins of 14.6% were 100 basis points lower than the year ago period. However base business contributed 120 basis points of growth to operating margins in Q4. The 17.9% decline in the fourth quarter revenues consisted of minus 21.6% from base revenues, 2.2% from acquisitions and 1.5% from translation.  Moving to the next slide, the segments base revenue decline of 21.6% in Q4 compared favorably with the base revenues decrease of 34.2% in Q3. Worldwide welding’s base revenues declined 24.9% in Q4 and that consisted of North American welding down 25.6% and international welding down 23.5%.  While its clear that the welding numbers became less negative as 2009 progressed please recall that the welding businesses are tied to CapEx spending as well as activity in the commercial construction sector. As a result we expect our welding businesses especially the equipment-oriented parts of the business to be among the last of the ITW businesses to recover as we move through 2010 and beyond.  Another significant contributor to improvement in the segment was the performance of our PC board fabrication businesses. Base revenues declined 14.5% in Q4 as demand for our consumer electronics improved. By comparison the PC board businesses base revenues fell 42.3% in Q3 2009.  In the construction products segment revenues grew 4% and operating income increased 13.5% in Q4 versus the year ago period. By comparison Q3 2009 revenues declined 23.3% and operating income fell 41.7% versus the year ago period.  Operating margins of 9.9% were 90 basis points higher than Q4 2008 with base business contributing 40 basis points in the quarter. The 4% increase in Q4 revenues consisted of minus 5.5% from base revenues, 0.8% from acquisitions, and 8.8% from translation.  The construction products segment base revenues decline of 5.5% in Q4 was a significant improvement from Q3 when base revenues fell 16.5%. The sequential improvement in base revenues was primarily due to easier new housing comparisons from Q4 2008 and improvement in the international construction businesses.  In North America our residential base revenues declined 7.2% in Q4 versus a decrease of 30.4% in Q3. Housing starts averaged 554,000 units in Q4 versus 658,000 starts in Q4 2008 and that represents a 16% decrease.  Base revenues for our North American renovation and commercial construction businesses declined 2.3% and 13.5% respectively. Both numbers represented improvement from Q3 2009. internationally our total construction base revenues declined 4.2% in Q4 with Europe down 8.9% led by Australia and New Zealand, Asia Pacific base revenues grew 2.4% in the quarter.  Moving to polymers and fluids segment revenues declined 1.2% while operating income grew 18.7% in Q4 versus the year ago period. By comparison Q3 2009 revenues fell 16.8% and operating income decreased 9.7% versus Q3 2008. Operating margins of 13.6% improved 230 basis points versus the year earlier period with base business contributing 190 basis points in the quarter. The 1.2% decline in Q4 revenues consisted minus 4.7% from base revenues, 1.1% from acquisitions, and 2.5% from translation.  The improving financial performance for polymers and fluids in Q4 was largely driven by growing end market demand for worldwide fluid products. As noted total segment base revenues declined 4.7% in the quarter but base revenues for the worldwide fluid businesses actually grew 0.6% in Q4 with North America up 4.2% and international down 1%.  Growth in the fluids category was mainly due to increased demand in North America for personal hygiene products as well as MRO aerosol products largely used by manufacturers. Base revenues for the worldwide polymers declined 6.9% in Q4 with North America down 14.8% and international down 4.4%.  Exposure to end markets such as general, industrial, and construction dampened the performance of polymers businesses in Q4.  Moving to decorative surfaces segment revenues declined 7.2% and operating income fell 30.1% in Q4 versus the year ago period. By comparison revenues decreased 20.2% and operating income increased 1.9% versus Q3 2008.  Please note that the Q3 2009 income comparison was helped by negative pension plan adjustments in Q3 2008. Operating margins of 9.4% were 310 basis points lower than the year ago period. The 7.2% decline in Q4 consisted of minus 10.3% from base revenues, and 3.1% from transaction.  While the decorative surfaces base revenues improved from minus 15.6% in Q3 to minus 10.3% in Q4, the underlying impact of very weak North American commercial construction activities continue to constrain the segment’s financial results.  Its important to note that in 2009 North America accounted for 56% of segment revenues, and more than half of the North American exposure directly relates to commercial construction. For the Dodge Index we frequently quote US commercial construction square footage activity declined 46% for full year 2009 versus 2008. Not surprisingly base revenues for North America laminate products fell 15.9% in Q4 versus the year ago period. Internationally the news is a little bit better, as overall construction environment in Europe and Asia Pacific outperformed North America. As a result international base revenues declined 3.5% in Q4 versus year ago period.  Finally in the all other segment Q4 revenues declined 5.5% and operating income decreased 9.4% in Q4 versus the year ago period and by comparison Q3 2009 revenues fell 15.1% and operating income declined 28.4% from Q3 2008.  Order operating margins of 14.9% were 60 basis points lower than the year ago period and the 5.5% decrease in Q4 revenues consisted of minus 11.9% from base revenues, 4.4% from acquisitions, and 2% from translation.  The segment’s Q4 year over year base revenues decline of 11.9% compared favorably with the base revenue decrease of 18.9% in Q3. Most notably the industrial/appliance base revenues declined a mere 2.6% in Q4 versus the year ago period with the most improvement coming from US energy efficiency initiatives in the appliance sector. Base revenues for the consumer packaging area fell 8.5% in Q4 2009 versus the year earlier period as consumer spending was still soft in the quarter. Our more CapEx driven businesses showed less improvement in the quarter. For example test and measurements base revenues declined 13% in Q4 versus the year ago period as customers delayed equipment orders as they weighed better economic fundamentals.  Now let me turn the call back over to Ron who will cover our 2010 forecast. 
Ron Kropp : Thanks John, during the first part of 2009 you may recall that due to the uncertainty in the world economies we decided to discontinued full year guidance and only provide guidance one year out. Since things have now become more stable, we’ve decided to reinstate full year’s earnings guidance for 2010.  For the first quarter of 2010 we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.48 to $0.60. The low end of this range assumes a 14% increase in total revenues versus 2009 and the high end of the range assumes an 18% increase.  The midpoint of this EPS range of $0.54 per share would be 157% higher than pro forma Q1 2009 and pro forma excludes the impact of impairment and discrete tax charges that happened in the first quarter of 2009. For the full year our forecasted EPS range is $2.43 to $2.93 per share, based on higher total revenues of between 10% and 14%. The midpoint of the EPS range of $2.68 would be 39% higher than 2009.  Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues between $300 million and $500 million for the year, restructuring costs of $50 to $100 million for the year, and a tax rate range between 28.75% and 29.25%, both the first quarter and the full year.  Now back to John for the Q&A. 
John Brooklier : Thank you Ron, we’ll now open the call to your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Just a couple of questions as I look at the guidance I recognize its still an uncertain economic environment out there but I guess I just look at the guidance and I’m trying to figure out the implied incrementals I think are somewhere in the 20 to 40 I think, a lower range than I would have anticipated. Even if I look at Q4 and you back out tax and you multiply by four gets us to the low end so I’m just sort of, the top line to me seems about where I thought, but the pull through on the bottom line is a little disappointing relative to what I thought so I’m just trying to figure out what the main drivers are, is it material cost price, headwinds versus 2009 that seem to benefit, I’m just trying to get a better understanding why we’re not getting more pull through on the bottom line. 
David Speer : I think we are, certainly as you accurately point out the revenue forecast were much in line with what we talked about in our investor day in New York in December in that 6% to 8% range for base businesses. I think the incrementals as Ron can comment on, I think are much stronger that what you’re alluding to in the numbers you’ve cited.  Certainly there are some one-offs that have occurred certainly in the third quarter on the inventory reserve category most notably and also price cost. Price cost was very favorable for us for most of 2009 and we do not see that same favorability occurring in 2010 as the price increases and the cost increases or decreases have lapsed now on a comparable period.  So, I think we’re looking at a relatively stable price cost environment meaning that we’re not going to see the same kind of favorable benefits that we saw flowing through but if you look at the low end of our guidance we’re still talking about margins in the 13% range for the year and at the high end about 14% and clearly incrementals that I think you’ll find are more in the 40 to 50% range. 
Ron Kropp : If you look at margins and the midpoint of that 13 to 14-plus range, you’re talking in the mid 13% versus 10% for 2009 so you’re talking about 350 basis points in total and a lot of that increase is going to come from the base businesses but really that’s based on the revenue growth. The non-volume related impacts we’ve had for instance in the fourth quarter was 490 basis points, price cost and restructuring benefits etc. We’re not going to see those kinds of contributions to margins year on year as we have. We will see continued restructuring benefits although not at the same level as we’ve seen say in the fourth quarter but price cost definitely will not be a positive contributor and its more likely to be a negative contributor to margins as we go forward.  Also acquisitions will as usual have a dilutive impact on margins probably in the 2 to 4% range, negative 0.2, negative 0.4 and we will have some pick up in margins from lower restructuring costs all in but still we’re talking about a $50 to $100 million spend in restructuring costs for 2010.
David Speer : At the midpoint the incrementals are in the mid 40’s.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But I guess even so I would historically I think you have done a little better than that coming out.
David Speer : I think that’s very much in line with what we’ve been talking about. Our traditional incremental margins are in the 30 to 35% range. I think we said coming out of this we expected to be in the 40 to 50% range and certainly our guidance represents that. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then last when you think about acquisition pipeline for the year, still seems like we’re, seems like on the lower end of what we expected, can you just give a little more color on what’s going on there. 
David Speer : I think as you know we look at the acquisition pipeline as we develop these projections and certainly our look at the pipeline now while we have seen improvement in the pipeline over the last three or four months, its still modest by comparison to what we’d expect as the year unfolds. But that’s what it is today and that’s how we strike that guidance. I would expect that if the acquisition M&A environment improves, as I would hope that it would as buyers and sellers are coming closer together on the pricing realities, that in fact we’ll see a better year than that but at the moment based on our current pipeline that’s how we strike that number for acquisitions. Again you know we adjust that quarterly so it would be my hope that as the year unfolds and we see a better acquisition environment we’ll see that range go up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn - UBS
Henry Kirn - UBS: Could you talk a little bit about what you see as the big swing factors between the high end and the low end of your guidance, the relatively wide range there. 
David Speer : The high and the low, between those ranges, its really going to be driven primarily by the ranges of our base businesses at 65 to 8%. Obviously any improvement in base businesses beyond that is going to have a very strong incremental impact but I think if you look at the overall impact of acquisitions and translation that’s how you obviously develop the overall range for the year of 10 to 14%. But the big variable in there in terms of upside would clearly be stronger end market performance and recovery. As we’ve highlighted we expect in most of these markets relatively modest recovery by comparison I think to what some have said about some of these end markets. As an example we have the North American auto market performing in the 10 to 10.5 million range. There are estimates out there now that are in the 10.8 to 11 million range.  So if in fact auto builds as an example were at that level we’d certainly see stronger revenue performance and therefore stronger earnings performance. Same with housing starts and same with European recovery etc. so, our base revenue range is 6 to 8% is really what’s driving the range if you will in terms of earnings guidance along with the assumptions that Ron talked about in terms of tax and acquisitions and restructuring costs. 
John Brooklier : I would also add that if you look at the year and you start to see our more longer cycle CapEx businesses recover I think that would be suggestive of something that’s probably going to be midpoint to higher in the range. But I think that would be, you’d probably want to track our power systems and our test and measurement and to a lesser degree our food equipment which is equipment that’s probably not a classic CapEx spend. 
Henry Kirn - UBS: And is it possible to talk a little bit about what you’re seeing by geography and maybe your economic expectations by geographic regions. 
David Speer : I think they’re pretty much in line with what we’ve been talking about and that is sort of modest recovery. If we look at GDP growth and industrial production growth here in the US next year, we’d expect to see that somewhere in the 2 to 2.5% range, industrial production slightly higher probably closer to 3%. The number is about 100 basis points less than that in Europe. That’s pretty much been what the trends have shown us for the last several quarters.  Steady sequential improvement but still coming off of obviously some pretty low bases. The China market is obviously rebounded strongly. The other southeastern Asian markets have rebounded more slowly but all in I would say the kind of GDP and industrial production numbers we’re expecting globally are in that 3% range. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Wondering if you could maybe give us a bit of a bridge between Q4 2009 and Q1 2010 I think at midpoint and you’re looking at revenues down 3% sequentially, probably some seasonality in there and then it looks like decrimentals of 44% but maybe take us through the big moving pieces 4Q versus 1Q.
Ron Kropp : Obviously there’s a normal seasonality in our 4Q to 1Q sequential and that’s partly driven by our international businesses having November 30 year-end so the month of December is actually in the first quarter on the international side. So we’re down, the base revenue is down as corresponding to that.  So that’s really the biggest driver. Some of the other drivers we did have some corporate adjustments, they were favorable in the fourth quarter not quite as favorable as they were in the third. That won’t repeat and clearly the tax part of it is a significant piece that won’t repeat or we don’t expect to repeat in the first quarter. So those are the bigger pieces of it. 
David Speer : The top line changes between Q4 and Q1 on a sequential basis though, are actually more favorable to what we normally see so Ron has pointed out that Q1 is typically a weaker quarter for us than Q4 and again Q1 internationally represents December, January and February and certainly December and January are two of the weaker months in the international calendar. 
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: And then I’m wondering if you might put a finer point quantifying what you are assuming for price of raw material in 2010. I think you indicated you are now assuming that that’s slightly negative but wonder if you could give us what the price assumption is and maybe what the raw material inflation assumption is. 
David Speer : It’s a pretty narrow range built into the forecast, a range of basically plus or minus 30 basis points which basically is about normal, mimics a normal environment. We’ll see some cost increases offset by some price increases and timing will dictate how far on either side of that we might be.  That’s based on input from our business units and what they’ve seen happening recently. That is for the last quarter or so and what they’re projecting going into 2010 is going to happen with some of their commodity costs and so far that seems to be reasonably accurate.  Just to put it in perspective in Q3 we had 260 basis points of positive price cost that narrowed to 170 basis points in Q4 and we would expect that to be very small positive in Q1. 
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: And then lastly the base revenue assumption up 6 to 8 as you said pretty consistent with the analyst meeting in December I’m wondering if you could just talk about the segments and what if anything has changed in there. I think you talked about transportation, obviously its going to be way above that, I think you talked about decorative with a non-res exposure still being negative in 2010 but maybe just talk through the segments around the 6 to 8 range. 
David Speer : I think largely the data we gave you in December still holds. We’ve not really changed any of our views of some of these key end markets. What I think I had said in an earlier comment was there are now projections as an example for North American auto build that have it closer to 11 million. Our forecast is in the 10.5 range so if it comes in at 11 certainly we’ll see stronger performance. But we haven’t seen anything yet that would suggest we should modify any of our market outlooks for the year.  So as an example we still have the housing market in the 670, 675 range as opposed to what an HB and a few others have come out with which are above 700 so we really haven’t changed our view of how we see these end markets at the moment. Certainly as the year unfolds we’ll stay close to that and if we see changes we’ll certainly let you know what those are but at the moment the end market activities that we highlighted in early December are still largely what we’re using at the moment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst 
Unspecified Analyst : My question is on inventories and I wonder if there was any trends that you could perceive either in your business or from customers running their business for cash going into December and then getting inventory build here in January. 
David Speer : I can’t say that we’ve really seen anything definitive that would tell us whether that was really a significant phenomenon. We have clearly seen some inventory pipeline begin to build in some markets in areas where it had been run almost dry if you will, but I wouldn’t say that we necessarily saw any specific unusual activity in December.  That’s sort have been a phenomenon we’ve seen over the last three or four months. It clearly has had somewhat of a positive impact but wouldn’t say that I expect any big consequences if you will in January in Q1 as a result.  
Unspecified Analyst : Do you have any numbers yet for January. 
David Speer : No. 
Unspecified Analyst : And if I could follow-up with the acquisition, you’re assuming $300 to $500 million of acquired sales is there a profit number that you’ve put to that acquired sales number, is that in your guidance. 
David Speer : Well yes we do build something into our guidance around it, I think as Ron said earlier its largely dilutive and at $400 million at the midpoint it’s a relatively diminimous number. But we do put the impact of that in our guidance yes. 
Ron Kropp : Especially in the first year there is extraordinary amortization charges that really dilute the income contribution. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets
Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets: Question on the food equipment business this quarter and it looks like that was one of the softer spots and would be interested in hearing any color as what was unique about this quarter. I know sometimes seasonally you’ll talk about rebates and bundling programs that customers may be engaged in, just want to know how that played out this quarter. 
David Speer : I don’t know that I can make a whole lot of definitive comments around that, clearly a lot of the larger buyers typically have some level of purchase rebate programs which generally impacts their purchases in Q4. I can tell you we did not see that same level of activity this year largely because a lot of those rebate levels were such that very few would have been able to qualify with incremental purchases in Q4.  I think there is some impact there certainly because normally we’d expect to see some [inaudible] around that basis, I think that probably the best sort of overall comment on Q4 in the equipment side is that customers have pulled back on some orders and are really waiting to see how things unfold and I expect that as you know in many of those markets we deal through a distribution channel and certainly the distributors are going to want to feel more positive about the projections into 2010 before they look at rebuilding inventories to any significant level.  So I think there’s some impact of that. The end market activity levels seem to be pointing in the right direction in terms of activity levels at food outlets and restaurants moving upward, I would expect that ultimately that’s going to lead to an improvement in equipment sales.  So, I think as John pointed out earlier I think that’s something we would expect to see as an early indicator. The service business has held up well which still gives us a strong look into the end markets and the activity levels so I think we’re probably close to an inflection point on the equipment side but we’ll have to see that unfolds in the first quarter. 
Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets: And then a follow-up question regarding the rebuilding of the pipeline of potential M&A, and can you tell us what’s different this time as you rebuild the pipeline. I know it comes from the field, its not a headquarters driven acquisition list, but how might it look in terms of valuation, geographies, at one time you were trying to ratchet up the potential internal growth a couple percentage points, what types of businesses, but how do you expect that pipeline to refill.  
David Speer : Well I would expect the pipeline to refill much like it was as it headed down in terms of activity levels, the areas that we had the strongest activity levels in heading into this downturn were in the food equipment area, the test and measurement area, the welding space, and our polymers and fluids businesses. Those were the four that were the most active and I’d expect that as the pipeline rebuilds, we’re going to continue to see activities in those areas.  As those are areas that continue to be of strong interest and are globally fragmented that allow us I think some significant opportunities going forward. The pipeline given the dramatic decline in the pipeline over the last 18 months it will take time to rebuild. I think what we saw in the fourth quarter was our best quarter of the year in terms of activity in terms of deals closed.  And we’ve also seen the pipeline now begin to show some positive momentum in terms of rebuilding. But we’re talking about it at a level that is significantly below what it was 18 months ago, so 18 months ago we were talking about a pipeline that we could measure in the 1.2 to 1.3 billion range, we’re talking about a pipeline now that we’re measuring in the 300 or 400 million range and that’s got four or five months of visibility.  So its better than it was three months ago but still not strong enough for us to put a bigger number into our guidance at the moment. 
Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets: And implied valuations for this.
David Speer : Not a lot of change in valuation, slightly below one times revenue is what the experience base was in 2009 and I don’t think and when we look at the pipeline we see much difference in what we’d expect at least going into 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research 
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : The question here about the restructuring actions in 2009 and the benefits that are going to be delivered in 2010, it looks like just the absence of the lower restructuring costs are about a 50 basis points improvement and then how much do you expect to get in actual year over year benefits from productivity or whatever.  
David Speer : I think as we think about the incrementals on that, I’ll let Ron comment on some of the changes in the non-volume which is where we’ve been seeing the improvements all year, that’s where the restructuring benefits would be flowing in the margin line today. I think if we look at the overall volume of restructuring in 2009 at about 160 million, that generally drives somewhere around 25% more in terms of benefits so somewhere in the 200-plus million range in overall benefits, not all of which would have been realized during 2009. Generally it takes about six months to realize the benefits in our North American restructuring and closer to a year in the international side. So we still have some flow through coming in 2010 certainly for those restructuring projects and given that most of the restructuring, the heavy volume of restructuring was in Q2 and Q3, we would expect that by mid year that those comparables will be pretty much back in line.
Ron Kropp : The way we look at it is in the base business margins, we try to call out in the non-volume area how much is the restructuring benefit and so we’ve seen that benefit going down a bit as we’ve gone from the third quarter when it was 160 basis points, 140 in the fourth and it will be less than that in 2010, probably in the 100 basis point range for the full year primarily as David said in the first half of the year.  And so that 100 that you’re talking about includes both less restructuring cost and the flow through benefits from the actions. 
David Speer : Actually that would be of the incrementals so it would be more like, in total, 140, 150.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : And then the North America versus international do you expect and appreciable difference in the revenue trends next year between the 10 to 14, adjusted for currency of course.
David Speer : Well as you know we had much stronger declines this year, I think our overall base revenues this year in North America were down in the 21%-plus range and international about 15 so I would expect that as the year unfolds particularly around some of the key end markets here in North America that we’ll see the growth rates in North America trend above the growth rates we see in the international markets, at least the European markets for sure. 
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : And that should have a positive impact on margin in terms—
David Speer : Well generally our margins in North America are somewhat higher than those in international. That’s not true in all segments but it is in most, so yes I would expect that on the basis of stronger revenue mix we would see that, in fact that’s reflected in the guidance that we’ve prepared. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley 
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley : I hate to beat a dead horse but I wanted to circle back to acquisitions M&A again, the M&A activity has sort of picked up dramatically across the sector and a little less dramatically for you so I wanted to ask if not in the formal pipeline if the conversations have picked up in a dramatic way or whether the increase in the pipeline would just gradual, is mirrored in the less formal conversations you’re having. 
David Speer : I think what you’re asking is what’s the pre-pipeline activity, we count pipeline as things that are actually being worked on that are somewhere beyond the letter of interest stage all the way up to due diligence. So the activity pre-pipeline has certainly picked up in the last six months and most notably in the last three so there’s a lot more activity going on, a lot more discussions under way particularly in a number of cases with deals that we’re under discussions when the market really tanked in late 2008. So I think, I’m encouraged by the level of activity and I’m encouraged by what our people are telling us but as we strike our acquisition numbers for the year we look at what’s actually in our pipeline when we develop that so, if the precursor activity in the pipeline is an indication of what we would expect then we will likely be in a position to do better than what we’ve put in the guidance here but we’re not at a point to be able to say that given its not in the pipeline yet. 
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley : And then the balance sheet question, deferred income taxes went from around 81 million last quarter to 670 million this quarter, I’m not sure I understand that one, if you could just explain it. 
Ron Kropp : The biggest piece of that is I talked about this tax benefit of $85 million related to foreign tax credits related to a legal entity transaction during the quarter and as a result of that we’re recording significant foreign tax credit assets that will carry forward on a go forward basis and utilize.  So that’s the biggest piece of it. Some of the other things that had an impact on that, the settlement of the German tax audit also increased tax assets as well. 
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley : Will that flow to the income statement and is it embedded in guidance. 
Ron Kropp : Both of those things went through the income statement this quarter so that’s why its having an impact on the balance sheet. So from a cash perspective the cash will be realized on a go forward basis. It will not impact the P&L as we realize the cash. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: If we could go back to the forecast for 2010 in December I guess you had a 9.5 million to 10 million forecast for North America auto and the industry was 10, 10.5 and that’s gone up and you’ve gone up a bit, can you give us what your European is, is there any other area that you’ve actually that much because that is a material change in forecast that you have in the North American auto build.
John Brooklier : If you look at the European auto builds we basically said it was going to be somewhere around 16 million at our meeting in December and I don’t think that’s going to change appreciably. 
David Speer : The current CSM data for Europe is still in that range. I think its actually at 15.9 at the moment. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: I’m just saying you changed your automotive North America by 5%, is there any other place that you’ve changed your outlook, that’s the only one that—
David Speer : That’s really the only significant change and we’re still at that level, we’re still below what some of the newer estimates are at 11 million but that’s the only one of any note that we’ve changed since December. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: And can you give us some insight on what other income will look like or anything like that because that’s been one of the wildcards that we have to go through in the quarter. 
Ron Kropp : I would estimate that its reasonably close to what it was this year, probably in the 160 to 200 expense range including interest. Interest is the biggest piece of that. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: So no real change in that number. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital 
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital : On the miscellaneous items that you mentioned in the quarter what was the total benefit from those on a margin basis for the full year in 2009.
Ron Kropp: I’m not sure I have that number, I know for the quarter the benefit on the margin side, inventory related items were about 50 basis points positive, other corporate reserve type items were about 30 basis points positive. 
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital : And when you’re thinking about that non-volume related next year, you’re sort of saying plus or minus on price costs, restructuring, is a fairly big tailwind, is this item negative, it seems like net net you’d have some non-volume negatives. What’s the total non-volume assumption for next year for margins and what are the components in that for miscellaneous. 
Ron Kropp : We don’t have the details of the various components specifically, but in total the non-volume will have very little impact in the midpoint of our range. Obviously when you range the price cost it will have different impacts, but its about flat in the midpoint. 
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital : Just last one, SG&A kind of jumped up sequentially, was there anything unusual in that. 
Ron Kropp : The biggest items in that first of all you have the impact of the international fourth quarter having a bigger contribution because they’re basically a lot of the businesses are shut down the month of August and therefore have very little SG&A cost, so that’s one impact.  Also translation had a fairly significant impact both on revenues and on related cost. And acquisitions also had an impact. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan - JPMorgan
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: I just wanted to take a step back on the restructuring charges for 2010 for a moment, we’re fairly long into this downturn and you’re beginning to see some of your end markets pick back up, just a little bit surprised that you’d have such a large amount of continuing restructuring going into 2010, can you just give us some color on what [inaudible] still require restructuring, what kind of restructuring, and I think last quarter you said you had closed a total of 10 to 12 facilities, can you just update us on the total fixed cost pickup versus [semi] variable.
David Speer : First of all $50 million is about our traditional range so in a normal year we’re in that $40 to $50 million range so if you think about $50 million that sort of describes the normal restructuring environment. Part of that designated towards base businesses, part dedicated towards acquisitions. The $100 million would be reflective of if we don’t see a rebound particularly in some of the later cycle businesses we may well spend more restructuring dollars in 2010 so the range is broader than what it would normally be.  And its based on just a little bit of uncertainty around some of those later cycle businesses and what might unfold with them. Relative to actual complete facility closings, no real change since our last discussion. Most of our restructuring dollars have been spent at actually right sizing facilities not actually closing them. So that’s really what we saw more of occurring during the fourth quarter and certainly the early indications of what we’ve seen in the pipeline of restructuring are largely in line with that as well. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And this is traditionally, [inaudible] but you might have less visibility on obviously welding, which are the ones and what are some of your concerns. 
David Speer : Its really only a question of when do these markets really start to turn and at what capacity levels will we need to be operating as those markets turn around. So its really I think based more on the level of uncertainty because we haven’t seen some of those markets have not hit trough yet or in some cases they may have hit the trough but we haven’t seen any significant improvement yet in capital spending. So I think its our err or caution if you will that says we’ll have to see what unfolds in those markets but clearly if they respond earlier and stronger then I would expect we’d be spending a lot less in restructuring. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey - Wells Fargo 
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : I wanted to go back to some of the trends that you’re seeing in distribution type businesses specifically in industrial packaging are you seeing any significant improvement in the consumable side of that yet. 
David Speer : Well the consumable volumes clearly have trended up since the troughs that we saw at the beginning of 2009, but I wouldn’t say that we’re seeing any great burst of activity. Equipment side continues to be depressed which is clearly an indication that people are not replacing equipment nor are they adding capacity which is not unexpected given the environment. The consumable volumes have in fact improved but I would not say that we’re at a point yet where in the number of their end markets that we could say we expect to see any strong improvements.  Most of what we built into the industrial packaging outlook and what we’ve seen is again steady sequential improvement but this is one of the businesses that was impacted the greatest by the downturn given some of their core end markets like the metals markets, the construction building materials markets, the general industrial markets.  So they’ve been really in a pretty deep state of decline in many of their end markets here for the last almost 18 months. But the consumable volumes have shown better activity on a sequential basis. I would expect that we’re going to continue to see that as we trend forward. Its probably not in our estimate until sometime after mid year until we really start to see any improvement in equipment volume. 
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : And then while overall price net of cost was good, are you seeing any pockets where its still seeing any competitive pressure. 
David Speer : Not as much competitive pressure as what we’re seeing probably around cost increases which might indicate or dictate later what we might have to do on the price side. We had some early indications of increases that we talked about in December around steel and plastics, some of those have abated, some of those are beginning to materialize, but at lower levels so I would not describe what we’re seeing right now is anything that is particularly onerous.  There are plenty of concerns as an example with oil at $80.00 plus a barrel are we really going to see plastic prices rise more dramatically than what people have indicated. That’s all speculation. I think I would describe the price cost environment as we see it in 2010 as more of a normalized environment where there will be some cost increases and we’ll have to offset those with a combination of price and productivity and its sort of the normal operating mode.  So, unless there’s some dramatic changes in the demand level which might drive prices up or costs up higher, but I don’t expect we’re going to see as much volatility as we saw say in 2007 and 2008. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird 
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : The first thing I wanted to ask you about is just the general posture towards forecasting you’ve reinstated your full year guidance now, you’re forecasting 6 to 8 organically with I think and investor production forecast that’s a lot like what we experienced in 2004 when you came out of the funk period with an 8.5% organic, so is there something different, we’re also talking about back then 25% incremental so, have you sacrificed some organic growth early part of the cycle to get more pop or are you just trying to not get the timing wrong here. 
David Speer : Obviously we’re coming out of a period of great uncertainty. We can’t say in a number of end markets that they’ve turned the corner yet so obviously there’s some of that uncertainty built into how we look at the year unfolding. Clearly the incremental as we’ve already pointed out are going to be strong on a comparable basis.  I don’t know that I could really compare what we’re talking about in 2010 to what happened in 2004 but I would certainly expect that as things materialize and these markets do strengthen there’s no doubt in my mind we’re going to see incrementals here much stronger than what we saw in 2004.  I think the variable for us when do some of these later cycle markets really begin to respond. I don’t think the trajectory of growth is going to be nearly as dramatic in 2010 as it was in 2004 so I think there are some differences but all in, I think we feel comfortable with where we’re positioned and we’d be happy to have the opportunity for revenues in our end markets to exceed the 6 to 8% range that we’ve got here. And if they do we’re certainly going to respond with some very strong incrementals. But at the moment although we’re reinstating annual guidance as you pointed out, I would still describe visibility in end markets in terms of the overall impact in some of these markets is not great still so hard for us to make a call on how strong and when some of these markets will actually begin to show some real growth.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : The other thing I wanted to ask about was the, and this came up once before, the business you have that seems to have lost the most momentum in the fourth quarter which is the food equipment business, as you point out there’s a channel there, I wonder if you’ve got any information that you can share with us about maybe inventory levels in the channel, what might be happening with used equipment, are prices down there significantly perhaps, you forecast up for 2010 led by service, but I’d be interested in what kind of a split you’re imbedded in the 2 to 4 for the year that you talked about in December between service and equipment since service is the smaller business. 
David Speer : Well service overall represents about 35% of the segment, that’s both in North America and internationally so its pretty consistent and certainly the overall revenue base of 2 to 4% would imply that probably mid year is when we’d begin to see the equipment business improve and I think on a go forward basis we expect that the normal sort of service revenues grow in that same kind of range but I think this is more mid year in terms of the equipment growth opportunities.  So, I think we’re at a point where I can’t explain necessarily in great detail some of the questions you asked about inventory in the pipeline or other factors on used equipment and so forth, that’s clearly something that we’re looking at and hopefully get better insights into. But I don’t think there’s anything unusual in what we would expect to see unfold here except that again we wouldn’t expect to see significant demand change on the equipment side until perhaps midyear.  So the first half of the year I expect will still have equipment businesses that will be maybe down slightly to flattish on a comparable basis, remember this is a business that performed fairly well the first part of 2009 but I expect that by mid year we’ll start to see the equipment revenues begin to rise and the service revenues typically operate in a range of 2 to 4% which is what we’ve imbedded in the forecast for 2010.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : This is a business that you believe was impacted last year by destocking in the channel right. 
David Speer : Yes, we do. But the destocking in this business is probably not at the same level as we would have seen in some other businesses but it would have been certainly a factor probably in the Q1, Q2 timeframe. 
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird : What happens to employment at ITW in 2010 if your forecast is at the high end of your organic range. 
David Speer : I would expect to see a modest increase in total headcount. Most of our businesses are sized to handle the range and forecast that we’ve already provided without making any significant additions and I would expect that would be the case overall. Obviously that may vary by individual business or segment if the growth rates are stronger but overall I’d expect even at the high end of our range at 8% base business growth there’d be modest increases in employment. 
John Brooklier : I want to thank everyone for joining us and we’ll be talking to you later. Thank you very much and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Kropp - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
 : John Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Dean Dray - FBR Capital Markets John Inch - Merrill Lynch Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Henry Kirn - UBS David Raso – ISI Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan Walter Liptak - Barrington Research  
Operator: Welcome to the Illinois Tool Works third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I’ll turn the call over to your first host today, Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
John Brooklier:
 : Let me now turn today’s call over to David who will make some brief introductory remarks on what turned out to be another strong operating performance for us. David. 
David Speer : Thank you John. You are right, the third quarter did turn out to be better than expected on a number of fronts. Our total company base revenues improved sequentially as base revenues declined 17.9% in quarter three versus a decrease of 22.2% in quarter two. Some of this improvement our base revenues was due to a modest pickup of activity and several discrete end markets, such as North American Auto and the residential housing markets. A very strong quarter three operating margins of 13.5% were 360 basis points higher than our second quarter operating margins and our quarter three margins were 770 basis points higher than our comparative Q1 operating margins. It’s clear that our ongoing restructuring activities have had a positive impact on our numbers. I would like to thank and congratulate our Operating Managers around the world for stepping up to the plate and rightsizing their businesses based on the demands of their local customers and end markets. Our third quarter free operating cash flow was a very strong $516 million, thanks in large part to our improved operating earnings, and working capital reductions. This represents a free cash flow to net income conversion rate of 171% for the quarter and for the year our pre-operating cash flow totaled nearly $1.5 billion or an impressive conversion rate of 333%. Let me now turn the call back over to John.
John Brooklier: Thanks David. Here is the agenda for today’s call. Ron will join us shortly to cover Q3 financial highlights, I’ll then cover operating highlights for our reporting segments and Ron will address our 2009 fourth quarter forecast. Finally, we will take your questions and as always we ask for your cooperation for the one question one follow up question policy. We are targeting a one hour completion time for today’s call.  Let me cover a couple of the usual items, please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform Act of 1995, including without limitations, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing operations, restructuring expenses and related benefits, tax rate and market conditions and the company’s related forecasts. Please consult our 10K for additional information on this forward-looking statements. Finally, the telephone playback for this conference call is 203-369-1074. No pass code is necessary. Now let me turn the call over to Ron who will comment on that Q3, 2009 financial highlights.
Ron Kropp: Good afternoon everybody. Here are the highlights for the third quarter. Revenues decreased 20% due to lower-base revenues, but showed improvement from the second quarter revenue decline of 26%. Operating income was down 28%, margins of 13.5% were lower than last year by a 150 basis points, but improved this from the second quarter margins by 360 basis points. Diluted income per share were $0.60, which was lower than last year by $0.29, excluding the impact of a $12 million impairment charge and the higher than expected tax rate of 32.5% EPS would have been a $0.66. Our previously forecasted range was $0.48 to $0.56 per share. Free operating cash flow continue to be very strong at $516 million or a 171% of net income. Now let’s go to the components of our operating results. Our 19.8% revenue decrease was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenues were down 17.9% which was favorable by 430 basis points versus the second quarter. As David mentioned, we have seen a modest pick up in certain end markets, such as, North American Auto and Housing. North American base revenues decreased 21.6% which was 520 basis points better than the second quarter. International base revenues decreased 13.8% which was an improvement of 350 basis points from the second quarter. Next, currency translation decreased revenues by 5.6% which was favorable by 320 basis points versus the second quarter negative currency effect. Lastly, acquisitions added 3.6% to revenue growth, which was a 170 basis points lower than the second quarter acquisition impact. Operating margins for the third quarter of 13.5% were lower than last year by 150 basis points. The base business margins were actually higher by 20 basis points as the unfavorable impact had a lower sales volume was more than offset by non-volume items. Non-volume items increased base margins by 580 basis points, which was favorable versus the second quarter non-volume effect by 270 basis points. Included in the non-volume impact for the third quarter were the following items. We had a favorable price cost effect that improved margins by 260 basis points. Lower cost as a result of our restructuring programs had a favorable impact of 160 basis points. And that other miscellaneous favorable one time adjustments such as, items related to inventory reserves, life insurance investments and benefit accruals improved margins by 90 basis points. In addition, acquisitions reduced margins by 40 basis points, translation diluted margins by 30 basis points, higher restructuring expense reduced margins by 70 basis points and a goodwill impairment charge had a negative 30 basis point impact. Starting this quarter, we have changed our annual goodwill testing period from the first quarter to the third quarter and we had a minimal impairment charge related to one business. When I turn it back over to John he will provide more details on the operating results that he discuss at the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by 7 million as a result of the higher interest rates and a long-term bond to be issued in March. Other non-operating income and expense in the third quarter was unfavorable by 6 million mainly due to higher foreign exchange losses. The third quarter effective tax rate of 32.5% was higher than the forecasted rate of 28% and reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. The higher rate was a result of discrete charges including, non-deductible goodwill impairment and a higher ongoing rate due to higher pre-tax income. The ongoing tax rate for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of 29.25% to 29.75%. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital decreased a $110 million from the second quarter as the continued reductions in operating working capital were partially offset by increases related to currency translation. Accounts receivable DSO improved to 60.6 days versus 63.5 at the end of the second quarter. Inventory months on hand was 1.8 at the end of the quarter versus 1.9 at the end of last quarter, excluding the effect of translation, inventory levels were reduced by almost a $100 million during the third quarter, and by more than $500 million year-to-date. For the third quarter, CapEx was $53 million and depreciation was $89 million. ROIC declined to 12.7% versus 16.2% last year, largely as a result of the lower base business income, but significantly improved from the second quarter ROIC of 8.6%. On the financing side, our debt decreased $99 million from second quarter, a strong free cash flow was used to pay off commercial paper. As a result our debt to capital ratio decreased to 36% in Q3 from 28% in Q2. Shares outstanding at September 30th were $500.9 million. Note that the effective options typically adds about $2 million shares to dilutive share calculations. Our cash position increased $327 million in the third quarter as our free operating cash flow of $516 million was utilized for debt repayments of a $105 million and dividends of a $155 million. Despite the lower income levels, we were able to generate strong free operating cash flow by reducing our working capital, especially inventory. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired two companies in the third quarter, which have annual revenues of $6 million, although we have seen a low level of acquisition activity so far this year, an acquisition pipeline for the fourth quarter looks a little better, with more than $200 million in acquired revenues. I will now turn it back over to John who will provide more detail on the segment operating results.
John Brooklier: Thank you Ron. Now, let’s review our third quarter segment highlights, we’ll start with industrial packaging where segment revenues declined 29.5% and operating income fell 52% in Q3 versus the year ago period. Operating margins of 7.6% were 360 basis points lower than the year ago period. But sequentially, Q3 operating margins improved 410 basis points compared to Q2. The 29.5% decline in revenues consisted of the following, minus 23.3% from base revenues, 0.9% contribution from acquisitions and minus 7.1% from translation. Moving to the next slide, industrial packaging base revenue actually showed modest signs of improvement in Q3 versus Q2. In Q3 base revenues fell 23.3% compared to a Q2 base revenue decline of 26.1%. Clearly, underlying fundamental such as industrial production in the US and in Europe have shown some signs of modest improvement as the year have progressed, and these trends have helped our industrial packaging businesses somewhat. For example, our total North American industrial packaging business has declined 27% in Q3 versus a decrease of nearly 32% in Q2, and likewise our total international industrial packaging business has decreased 25% in Q3 versus a decline of 27.3% in Q2. Small improvements, but the numbers appear to be moving in the right direction. Moving to the power system and electronic segment, in Q3 segment revenues decreased 34.6% and operating income fell 41.2% versus the year ago period. The good news is, well, a strong Q3 operating margins of 17.2% were 200 basis points lower than the year ago period, they were sequentially higher. Operating margins in Q3 were a 190 basis points higher than Q2. The 34.6% decrease in revenues consisted of minus 34.2% from base revenues, a contribution of 2.4% from acquisitions and minus 2.8% from translation. There appeared to be a bottoming in terms of the segments base revenues’ performance. Base revenues declined 34.2% in Q3 versus a base revenue decrease of 36.5% in Q2. Our worldwide welding business has produced a base revenue decline of 36.2% in Q3, which was modestly better than their Q2 performance. North American welding base revenues declined 40% while international welding base revenues fell approximately 27% in Q3. Remember that the welding businesses are sensitive to both industrial production and CapEx spending as well as activity in the commercial construction sector. And as a result, we expect our welding businesses to be among on the last of our businesses to recover. The big improvement in the segment was the PC board fabrication businesses, which saw base revenues decline 42.3% in Q3 versus a base revenue decrease of 59.2% in Q2. Moving to transportation, Q3 segment revenues declined 7% and operating income fell 17% versus the year ago period. Those numbers represent dramatic improvement from Q2 and segment revenues decreased 20.3% and operating income declined 75.6%. The even better story was the ongoing margin improvement in the segment. Well, margins of 10.5% in Q3 were a 130 basis points lower than the year ago period, those Q3 margins were 570 basis points higher than Q2. The 7% decline in revenues consisted of minus 7.9% for base revenues, a contribution of 7.5% from acquisitions and minus 6.6% from translation. Moving to the next slide. There is a simple reason for better Q3 base revenue performance in the segment and it's simply more auto builds. Base revenues in the segment moved to minus 7.9% in Q3 from base revenue decline of a 23.7% in Q2. North American automotive base revenues declined 14.3% in Q3 versus the base revenue decrease of nearly 40% in Q2. And this improvement was directly linked to a dramatic increase in North American auto builds largely associated with the Cash for Clunkers incentive program. Specifically North American auto builds moved from 1.8 million units in Q2 to 2.4 million units in Q3. And Detroit three accounted for approximately two thirds of this auto build increase with new domestic auto builds accounting for the remaining part of the growth. Notably four had the best build improvement in the quarter producing 500,000 vehicles or 15% more cars from the year ago period. We are expecting North American builds of roughly 2.5 million total units in Q4. On the international side, automotive based revenues declined 4.7% in Q3 versus a base revenue decrease of 22.5% in Q2. Well, European auto based auto builds slightly declined from 4 million units in Q2 to 3.9 million units in Q3. An auto build rate of approximately 4 plus million units per quarter looks sustainable in Q4 and into the next year. Moving to food equipment, Q3 segment revenues declined 10.2% and operating income decreased 5.1% versus the year ago period. Like most all of our segments that represents quarter-over-quarter improvement of results as Q2 revenues fell 16.2% and operating income declined nearly 21%. Margins also improved, Q3 margins of 17.2% were not only 90 basis points higher than the year ago period, but 430 basis points higher than Q2. The 10.2% decline in revenues consisted of minus 6.3% from base revenues, a contribution of 1.6% from acquisitions and minus 5.5% impact from translation. Food equipments improvement and base revenues from Q2 to Q3 was essentially driven by relatively strong performance from our service business. This worldwide service business, which accounts for 35% of the total segment revenues at flat based revenues in Q3 versus the year ago period when service numbers were very strong. And the Q3 ’09 service performance was better than Q2 ’09 where base revenues declined 1.1%. Geographically, our international businesses also showed modest improvement. International food equipment base revenues declined 4.9% in Q3 versus a base revenue decrease of 10.2% in Q2. North American food equipment base revenues fell 8% in Q3 versus the base revenue decline of 8.4% in Q2 as customers continue to delay equipment purchases. Moving to construction, Q3 segment revenues declined 23.3% and operating income fell 41.7% versus the year ago period. That’s considerably stronger performance in Q2 and revenues were down 34.5% and operating income declined 72.8%. Operating margins also improved sequentially as Q3 margins of 10.9% were 500 basis points higher in Q2. The 23.3% decline of revenue is consisted of minus 16.5% from base revenues, contribution of 0.9% from acquisitions and minus 7.8% impact from translation. The construction segments base revenues’ decline of 16.5% in Q3 was in accrual versus Q2 and base revenues fell 22.1%. The sequential improvement in base revenues in the quarter was largely due to better housing activity in the US, and better international construction activity. In North America, our residential base revenues decline approximately 30% in Q3 versus a decline of approximately 43% in Q2, and that’s largely due to housing starts in Q3 which on a seasonally adjusted basis totaled nearly 600,000 unit, that would represent approximately a 100,000 more units than what we saw in Q2. Internationally, our total construction base revenue has declined 13.2% in Q3 versus a decrease of 20.2% in Q2 with Europe down 22% and Asia Pacific flat in the quarter. In the Polymers and fluids segment Q3 revenues fell 16.8% on operating income decline 9.7% versus a year ago period. More importantly, operating margins improved a 130 basis points to 15.8% in Q3 compared to the year ago period. As important Q3 margins were sequentially 540 basis points higher than Q2 operating margins, a 16.8% decline in revenues consisted of minus 13.9% from base revenues, the contribution of 4.4% from acquisitions, and minus 7.2% impact from translation. In Polymers and fluids base revenue has declined 13.9% in Q3 versus the base revenue decrease of 15.1% in Q2. The mode of sequential improvement was largely due to improving trends for our worldwide fluids businesses which produced the base revenue decline abruptly 12% in Q3 versus a base revenue decrease of approximately 16% in Q2. Some of this pick up of was due to increased demand for MRL products and international North American end markets. The worldwide polymers saw a slight, more modest improvement as base revenues moved to minus 16.8% Q3 versus minus 17.1% in Q2. While our North American polymer businesses in particular we are still grappling with weak industrial end markets in Q3 it appears that the vast majority of inventory destocking has seized and modest restocking should take place in both Q4 and beyond. Under the decorative surfaces segment, Q3 revenues declined 20.2% while operating income grew 1.9% versus a year ago period. Operating margins of 10.9% in Q3 were actually 230 basis points higher than a year ago period, and that's mainly due to the benefits of a pension adjustment after deciding to move from discontinued operations back into continuing operations. The 20.2% decline in revenues consisted of minus 15.6% for base revenues and minus 4.5% from translation. The deck surfaces segments base revenues declined 15.6% in Q3 and that was modestly better than Q2, given this segment exposure to North America and commercial construction it’s not surprising that North American laminate (ph) base revenues declined 20.6% in Q3. The better news for us is internationally, where base revenues fell only 10.7% in the quarter, and we continued to get better performance from our business in the UK. Finally, our all other segment Q3 revenues declined 15.1% and operating income fell 28.4% versus the year ago period. That's better than Q2 when revenue was decreased to 18.2% and operating income declined 46%. Notably, operating margins of 16.5% in Q3 were 330 basis points higher than Q2. The 15.1% decrease on revenues consisted of minus 18.9% from base revenues, contribution of 7.9% from acquisitions and minus 4.1% impact from translation. The sequential improvement of base revenues from Q2 to Q3 was largely due to better numbers from our consumer packaging and industrial appliance businesses. Our consumer packaging businesses base revenues declined a 11.7% in Q3, which represents the modest improvement versus Q2. And our industrial client base revenue has declined 21.8% in Q3 which represents another sequential improvement versus Q2, this was primarily related to a modest pick up in US housing starts in the quarter. On the flip side, our Test and Measuring businesses, base revenues went more negative in the Q3 versus Q2 as worldwide CapEx spending continues to be soft. That concludes my remarks in this segment so now let me turn it back over to Ron who will address the fourth quarter 2009 forecast.
Ron Kropp: For the fourth quarter we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.54 to $0.66 per share. The low end of this range assumes an 11% decrease and total revenues versus 2008 and the high end of the range assumes a 5% decrease.  The midpoint of the CPS range of $0.60 would be 2% higher in Q4, 2008. In comparison to the third quarter of 2009, the fourth quarter forecasted revenue change would in a range of negative 1% to positive 5%, even though the midpoint of the range assumes that revenue will increase 2% from the third quarter, the forecasted EPS midpoint of $0.60 is expected to be flat versus the third quarter due to a number of other components. On the positive side, no fourth quarter impairments is expected and a lower tax rate of 29.5% versus the third quarter rate of 32.5% would each add $0.025 to EPS. In addition, further incremental benefits of our restructuring programs would add between $0.02 and $0.03 to the fourth quarter.  Offsetting these favorable items are several unfavorable items that will impact the fourth quarter as follows. The favorable third quarter one time adjustments for inventory reserves and corporate items that I previously mentioned were between $0.04 and $0.05 per share, and are not expected to be repeated in the fourth quarter. Also, expected fourth quarter changes and mix and other miscellaneous operating, non operating items would reduce Q4 EPS by $0.04 to $0.05, and finally the price cost effect is expected to be less favorable in the fourth quarter resulting in lower income of $0.03 to $0.05 per share. Other assumptions including this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, restructuring cost of 25 to $40 million for the fourth quarter, which compared to $31 million in the third quarter. Net non operating expense in the range of $35 to $45 million for the fourth quarter, and a tax rate of range between 29.25% and 29.75% for the fourth quarter. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q-&-A
John Brooklier: Thank you Ron, we are prepared now to take questions. I will remind everybody we ask everybody to please honor our one question one follow up question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Dean Dray - FBR Capital Markets.
Dean Dray - FBR Capital Markets: Dave you knew the day would finally come where you would be on the call saying that North American Auto and North American Rezzi would be the brighter spots to call out in that quarter, didn’t you?
David Speer :  I did know that, that would happen some day, I wasn’t sure when.
Dean Dray - FBR Capital Markets: All right, but that doesn’t count as my question. So I really like to drill down a bit on auto if we could, because I know we had a Cash for Clunkers impact here, but just give us a sense of what has changed competitively during the downturn. I mean, you made comments a couple of quarters back that some of your competitors, because of their liquidity issues that you were getting increased share and customers were coming to you.  So, after the dust settles here how has ITW’s auto business improved market share, may be geographic mix, may be some new products or new platforms, but just give us the state of the union in auto as you come out of this.
David Speer :  Yes, well certainly, you know the build in North America in the quarter up over 30%; obviously that’s the biggest variable in Q3 versus Q2. The European auto bill was actually relatively flat from Q2 to Q3, so not much impact there.  Clearly, the mix of vehicles and our penetration rates in the North America have continued to improve which allowed us to outperform the market and we are seeing obviously the leverage that we talked about. In earlier calls when we get any volume in these businesses, there’s significant leverage on the margin side.  So, in our penetration as we’ve talked about for the last several years in North America it has been primarily focused on the new domestics has continued to serve us well. We’ve got good growth content, both in the current bill schedules and in the year ahead as we look at new platforms coming on with new content for us.  So, we continue to be optimistic as we see these bill rates now begin to improve. Much of our market penetration gains over the last year had been lost in the direct decline in the bill numbers themselves. So as these bills begin improve you’ll see the benefit of our increased content per vehicle overall are going up. Again, much of that in North America’s queue to the new domestics, at the same time our international businesses, particularly those in Asia, are performing well, and we are well positioned now in a number of new end markets with new vehicle producers like Cherry, like Tata, like Brilliant and others, that they are going to be significant factories in the Asian car build ahead. Our biggest growth relationship in the last two years has been with Hyundai and Kia and that continues to play out strongly. So I think as we have been saying that, I think for the last, a year or so, we are well positioned with the key global auto builders and now we are starting to see some actual numbers reflect as bills go up and you can begin to see it in our performance metrics.
Dean Dray - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, that’s very helpful and then just as a follow up, I want to make sure I heard it correctly. Was that $6 million in acquired revenues for the quarter has that ever happened before, that low?
David Speer : I don’t know, you did hear it right. $6 million was the number and I don’t know that I would recall certainly any quarter that was lower than that. So yes, it was not much happening, two small deals, two small distributorships that really hardly would count if we weren’t scoring all of our acquisitions. The better news is that the fourth quarter does in fact have about $200 million of activity and so, I think we’ll see a much better quarter in the fourth quarter and I think as I’ve said in the number of my comments more recently, I think we are beginning to see at least some early signs that the environment may in fact start to show some improvement as particularly as salaries begin to adjust to the new realities of their business performance and their earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch - Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: May be this question is for Ron. I just wanted to understand the puts and takes in the fourth quarter. So it kind of looks like you has got a little bit of a wash between the mix and the pricing effect and I guess the inventory reserves versus the other tailwinds.  We are calculating possibly up to $0.15 of sequential earnings per share benefit from currency at the dollar euro rate, is there something else we are missing, firstly, do you agree with that, do you agree with that exchange rate calc and then is there something else that’s may be embedded here as to why you wouldn’t be seeing a higher sequential guide forecast for the fourth quarter.
Ron Kropp:  Yes, the currency number that we have is definitely not that high, it’s $0.15. May be helpful of take it from the third quarter EPS of 60 to midpoint of the fourth with the puts and takes. So, included in the 60 is an impairment charge in the third quarter of $0.025, so if you ad that back, also the tax rate of 29.5 versus 32.5 is another $0.025. So that get you to $0.65 kind of on a normalized basis without some of these other things. Then you have the other higher revenues which will add somewhere between, $0.03 and $0.04 around the midpoint, that’s favorable and then also favorable would be $0.02 to $0.03 of incremental restructuring benefits above and beyond what we saw in the third quarter.  Offsetting those items, you have the kind of the third quarter one-off adjustments, the inventory adjustments and the other corporate adjustments that’s $0.04 or $0.05 negative in the fourth and then other miscellaneous things mix some non-operating stuff that’s also $0.04 to $0.05, and then reduced price cost impact which is expected to be $0.03 to $0.05. So, all those puts and takes that I get you from, to go from 60 to 60, but there’s always a lot of components in there.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Would you have it that in currency Ron? I mean, currency based on exchange isn’t it at least $0.10 plus.
David Speer :  Remember our currency John, our currency is assumed in this forecast remaining current levels, current levels for us is the end of Q3 internationally and as you may recall our Q3 International ends in August. We haven’t projected anything forward as we never do with the currency, we [peg it] the end of the International quarter, and so any change from that, obviously be reflected in the core two numbers, but we haven’t reflected anything different than that here. It is neutral in our forecast is the way to look at it.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Right, but since August it’s helped, I think is the way I think about it.
Ron Kropp: Incrementally.
David Speer : Again our forecast doesn’t include any change in currency since the end of August, that’s our, traditionally we use the end of the quarter, and we talk about currency as being a stable on this, so obviously if currency remains above that rate, then we’ll certainly see a favorable impact of that in our earnings, but it’s certainly not reflected in this.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Now, that makes sense. So as a follow up, some company have been, they have suspended variable comp or bonuses or other aspects of compensation that may have to just purely for competitive reasons regardless of any coming back next year. Does that dynamic held at ITW and UC, let’s assume things don’t materially change, would you envision any kind of compensation headwinds again just to retain key employees or that sort of thing that are material?
David Speer : No, I do not.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten – Longbow. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research:  Just for clarification, currency was negative in the quarter, about negative 7% in operating income?
Ron Kropp : Yes, 6.9% in operating income. Yes.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Yes, so it was a negative effect in the quarter, so it would be given a negative and a swing quarter to quarter but it was actually positive in the fourth quarter, wasn’t it?
Ron Kropp : Yes.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Okay, so that would be a biggest link. Can we talk about, you gave us the state of the union in automotives, so we do it for construction, because that’s the other part, which doesn’t have to say Cash for Clunkers kind of thing, [inaudible] sort of still going down with probably what we got, would you give some idea, how we should look at construction not only for the fourth quarter, but in 2010.
Ron Kropp: Sure, Eli I think as you look at construction first let’s remember a couple of important elements that 60% of our construction business is outside of North America, the components that are here about 5% of the overall is tied residential construction. Residential construction housing starts, as John pointed out, have approached 600,000. They have been fairly consistent overall for the last four months.  However, if you look at single family numbers, which I think are stronger indicator because multifamily numbers included in there are always fairly choppy. The single family trend has moved upward consistently for the last nine months from 360,000 to 500,000 and that’s from January through September. So, we are in fact beginning to see early signs of a modest recovery in the in-housing market. We have not developed a view of 2010 yet for housing, but I would expect to see continued modest improvement is these housing numbers going forward. So it’s clear, as I think we have said in the last two calls, we think that the housing markets bottomed, but I think the recovery is long and slow recovery based on number of factors in the market, real estate price is still dropping, foreclosure is still high, etcetera.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: What percent of your sales are related to North American housing that we are talking about?
Ron Kropp: 5%.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: 5%. So it’s a very small piece.
Ron Kropp: Correct.
Ron Kropp: 5% of total company, right.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research:  Of total company. 
Ron Kropp: Correct, Yes.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Not just the construction side.
Ron Kropp: That’s correct total company.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Total company.
Ron Kropp: Right.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Within the construction sector how much would you guess is residential North America?
David Speer : Within the North American piece it’s about 50% 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Could you tell us what are you seeing in non-res constructions, and what kind of decline, negative decline, you could expect over the next 12 months versus where we are now? Does it stabilize or...?
David Speer : I’m sorry, are you talking about housing again now?
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Commercial.
David Speer : In the commercial front it’s a completely different story. I mean obviously what we track most closely in commercial is square footage awards, the doc numbers and year to date those numbers are down 48% on a square footage basis, and they continue to show decline, although the rated decline in the last three months has been less than in the beginning of the year. We are still seeing accumulative number for the year down nearly 15%.  So, we are definitely seeing a continued trend downward and I think it’s across all of the major building categories in commercial construction. So, even in hospital and healthcare we are seeing declines in the 20% range. So, I expect we are going to see that continue through the end of the year, and probably even in the next year which means that most of our businesses are early cycle in commercial construction that is involved in building the structure or the frame of the buildings.  So, I expect that will be early indicators when we see things start to turn, but it will take these construction award value to start rising for that to be a strong signal on the commercial side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn - UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Could you talk a little bit about to what extend, and in which segments are we stocking benefits of your businesses?
David Speer : Well, that’s a hard one to measure. Across our North American businesses 90 plus percent of what we sell in North America are sold through some form of distribution, and certainly we saw major de-stocking going on. I can’t say that we’ve seen significant restocking occur. However I believe that as things continue to stabilize and people begin to get a little more comfortable with the trajectory of the end markets and economies, we will start to see some modest level of restocking begin.  But I would say at this point we haven’t been able to put a finite number on that, and I suspect it’s probably early for us to be seeing much of that so far, since we really in most of these markets have only begun to see bottoms. Certainly an exception to that would be in the auto business, where there has been a dramatic uptick in production, and we’ve see that obviously flow through. But there is not much inventory in that system anyway. So, I wouldn’t say that we have seen any dramatic restocking occur at this stage.
Henry Kirn - UBS:  As we go through the upside, could you talk a little bit about how you think about the cost base today and if we were to see an uptick whether you would need to add cost to be able to support the advantage?
David Speer : Yes, I think from a capacity standpoint, I think we are in good shape to be able to handle a reasonable uptick in demand. Most of our businesses have somewhere between 15% to 20% excess capacity at today’s operating rates. So we can have a fairly good upturn without having to add any significant labor overhead. I think the bigger variable for us is probably looking what happens with input cost, with commodity costs. We have seen some early indications of some modest movement in steel pricing and some on some plastic resin. So, I think probably in the near term it’s probably cost pressures are going to be more around input cost and they are around a labor overheads.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso - ISI.
David Raso – ISI: Regarding core growth, which of the segments have you expected first to see positive year over year core growth and what?
David Speer : Well, I think if you talked about in terms of the over all portfolio, I mean certainly what we are seeing in the transportation segment based on where we have been we would expect to obviously see that based on the trends that are coming, now I have some pretty low numbers.  In the general industrial categories, it’s probably more about what we are going see in overall industrial production number. So as those begin to trend up we will see that reflected. I think our food equipment business clearly, we’ve seen that already in some markets, particularly internationally. The service volumes have held up well. I think the equipment sales look like they have bottomed, but I would expect we begin to see that from an institutional standpoint probably earlier in the cycle, certainly the later cycle of business is like welding and testing measurement, I think they are ways away from obviously being able to see where those bottoms might turn for us.
David Raso – ISI: The reason I ask, the businesses have really caused the first quarter ’09 margin to really [clap] unlike ITW, industrial packaging, transportation and construction. Now, it looks link transportation and construction might potentially be positive core growth at this quarter, fourth quarter. Then the margins have already come back aggressively already.  So I am just trying to think, can I extrapolate the base margins for transportation already above 15, constructions back in double digit as well. Is it largely upward and onwards from here with those margins getting back to where they were at their previous levels, or is there anything that I should be a little bit more cautious with those margins, because they have really come back aggressively in just two quarters.
David Speer : Yes, they have David, but I think your sort of direction with your question or with your modeling if you will is accurate. I mean certainly the businesses are positioned to return, if you will to the kind of traditional earnings power that they have had. The operating margins as you have pointed out have improved nicely in both those segments.  You may recall that both of those segments were the earliest ones down. So the first quarter of ’09 were fairly miserable quarters in both auto and housing, and while we tool additional restructuring efforts, much of the restructuring we did actually occurred before the benefits which are now obviously accruing. But, certainly when you look at the auto build numbers, conservative numbers for next year in the $9.5 to $10 million range are up significantly from the 8.2 or 8.3 we’ll bill this year, and certainly I would expect the housing numbers to continue to move up modestly, probably somewhere in the 700,000 range. So, if you use those kind of numbers certainly we are going to continue to see strong incrementals in both of those businesses on the upside, certainly in the 40 plus percent range.
David Raso – ISI: If one of you should have any angst about going into ’10 is how quickly does the price versus cost change? Can you give us a little indication on (A) what do you think ’09 full year price versus cost will be for the company, and obviously across a lot of divisions you are generalizing. But do you have a number for price versus cost for ’09? And how are you thinking about pricing for ’10.  I mean there are enough indications in commodity prices that you don’t want to fall behind. I recall last time maybe you were a little slow to capture some of the incremental cost years ago. So are we thinking a little more proactively this time about pushing the needle on pricing next year or no?
David Speer : Yes. David I think we were slow. If you go back to the ’06-07 timeframe we were slow, primarily because of the multiple price increases or cost increases that we got. In that timeframe steel is an example, we were getting cost increases every month. So, we had a hard time getting ahead of those cost increases and as a result on a sequential basis we proved we had some big headwinds. I can’t give you a number for the full year, but obviously we had a significant positive impact. This quarter 260 or 270 basis points, we were about a 170 basis points last quarter, but frankly that’s been on the back of strong price increases that have occurred since a year ago period and on the basis that a number of those commodity costs for at least the first two quarters went down. They have stabilized now and in fact in some cases we are looking at some modest increases or some modest headwind. So, as I think about 2010, I think about it as a more normalized price cost environment where any kind of commodity increases we get we are going to have to stay on top of and find ways to pass those along, but I am not expecting significant input cost changes for 2010. I think we will see some movement up but it think it will be much more manageable than what we saw heading into this downturn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: First, I was just wondering if you could give a little more color specifically in what you are seeing in your across the board from some of the other industrial companies, it sounds like this could have been trending better than people’s expectations or things could stabilize there. So your thoughts there on how we come out of it? And the just on industrial packaging what you are seeing on the equipment versus consumable thought?
David Speer : Yes, Jamie we have been saying I think now for probably four or five months that we have seen the European numbers respond somewhat better than what we had originally expected. Clearly, the European markets did not drop as far as the US markets, and in fact in some cases those markets have begun to show signs of recovery, in fact even I had some of the US markets.  So, as we pointed out in our base number, our base assumptions, the international Q3 numbers were down 13.8% versus the North American, which was down 21.6%, so a pretty big delta there, recognizing that 75% of our international numbers are coming out of the European region, you can see that we have seen better performance out of those markets than what we clearly have here. The auto business there responded much more quickly to the downturn and in fact the downturn in auto in Europe was really very sharp decline that lasted for about two quarters. They are back on to a $4 million piece in the third quarter and a $4.5 plus million piece in the fourth quarter. So those are examples of some markets that have responded much earlier. The construction numbers there have not been down as much, the residential numbers have been challenged at a number of markets there, but the commercial numbers have not been down anywhere near what we have seen here in North America. So I think to your question the recovery maybe somewhat earlier, but probably more importantly is the decline was not nearly as great in a number of these end markets is what we have seen in North America.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But any country specifically, I am assuming southern Europe we are hearing southern is much weaker and Germany and France stronger, I’m just trying to get more granular.
David Speer : Yes, Germany and France has certainly been stronger. The housing market, if you look at construction certainly Spain and Ireland have been in terrible shape, and probably will be for a while they are vastly overbuilt, but if you look the car production numbers are pretty well spread across all the European automakers. So all of them have participated in their version of Cash for Clunkers have been very successful. So, all the car companies in France, Germany, Italy have all participated in that. The overall manufacturing industrial production numbers have improved better in France and Germany than they have in the rest of Europe, those are also the strongest industrial market. So, I think we have seen clearly a different sort of drum beat over there than what we have seen in North America.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then sorry, just last one, industrial packaging equipment versus consumable.
David Speer : Yes, well, the consumable volume is obviously on a sequential basis shown some modest improvement. The mix in that business is still about 70%, consumable is 30% equipment. The equipment side is still down close to 40% on a year-to-date basis and the consumable volumes in the most recent quarter are down in the mid 20s. So better than what we saw in Q2, but still some fairly significant headwinds in terms of activities. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities:  I wanted to look at cash deployment on acquisitions you already touched on improved Q4 pipeline. Just from broader standpoint, how are you looking at the current environment as a time to increase your exposure to higher growth regions when developing economy seem to be recovering well, North America kind of stabilizes and the US dollar is generally weakening. Are those evaluations already moving away from where you would be comfortable?
David Speer : Are you talking about from acquisition perspective Andy?
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes.
David Speer : Yes. No, I think largely the issue with acquisitions has been really around sellers not wanting to sell at the bottom of the market and in many cases not having adjusted their expectations to the fact that their businesses have been impacted by this downturn as well as others, and a significant earnings decline along with the fact that the market multiples for businesses has in fact declined.  So, if you have got somebody using map from 2007-2008, early 2008 evaluations, I mean we are talking about pretty significant reductions in what those businesses would yield today. Probably, to put it in perspective, prices today that would be 40% to 50% of what they would have been in late 2007. So I think that’s probably the biggest a single factor. On the International front, in terms of looking at acquisitions and opportunities, we are just as active there. I think the Asian region continues to be a challenging region to do acquisitions going forward. In many cases, certainly in China it’s based on the complexion of the businesses and how new they are, what market access they bring, etcetera, but we are working hard in that regard in the International front. The last couple of years more than 60% of our acquired revenues have been outside of North America. So we continue to focus on those faster growing developing market regions, but I wouldn’t say that there is any different overall issue in the acquisition environment in the international markets, perhaps the Chinese market excluded where there is other issues there, but most of the markets are still adjusting to the fact that some of those expectations have remained inflated.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Dowd - Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: One last follow-up about acquisition. So, part of the thesis on acquisitions have been that private equity firms would likely be seeking liquidity by selling some of the companies that they might have bought through the past sub cycle, and obviously we haven’t seen that. What do you think is driving that, and is it possible for that thesis to come back or is that kind of just dead?
David Speer : No I don’t think that pieces of dead. I think what we have said, at least from our perspective is, we think that it will in fact happen and I think that going forward I would expect to see a fair amount of that begin to show itself in 2010.  When you look at the number of assets in the spaces that we have had an interest in, over the last three or four years the private equity was able to transact at significantly higher evaluations than us, and also the age of those portfolios and the financing arrangements that were made when those deals were done.  I mean a lot of those factors would indicate that just based on the level of financing, and the fact that a lot of that financing was longer term with not a lot of covenants and much of that financing is coming due or coming up for renewal. In other cases these are assets that have been held for four or five years, they have also been impacted by this downturn.  So I think you are going to begin to see a natural unwinding of some of these assets. Clearly, on the new front they are not the same factor, they don’t have the same advantages they had on newer deals that they had over the past three or four years, but I certainly would expect to see, and we have seen some early indications of that with some increase we see in the market that we would expect to see that play out.  I don’t know it’s going to be a dramatic rise that we are going to see in one quarter, but I think as we look into 2010 that I would imagine by the mid year of next year we are going to be able to talk about that more discretely with actual examples.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: One last thing. So, many of the companies in the sector have been disproportionately doing their cost cutting in high cost, high tax markets. Your models has always been very different, right proximity to the customer and therefore it wasn’t really about moving your manufacturing to places where it was less expensive. Can you confirm that that’s still the case that your cost cutting has been relatively evenly spread across the markets you are in or are you actually seeing a real systematic trend of moving your cost from higher cost locations to lower cost locations?
David Speer : Our business model and footprint really remains the same. Our cost reductions have largely been done inside of the existing business structure. You are very accurate in pointing out that our preference and approach has long been to put our manufacturing activities where the market is and that remains one changed. I will say that there are some sectors where our customers have moved or are moving more capacity and obviously we will follow them, again putting our factory where their production is going to be, but no wholesale changes in terms of a re-look.  Remember direct labor cost represents, in most of our products under 7% of the cost of the product. So that’s not the most important factor. It’s much more important that we are close to the customer. Logistics costs, freight and duties are much more compelling cost factors than direct labor. Tax obviously is an issue, variable tax rates, but frankly tax rates in the end we have to look at tax rates as it relates to the overall business proposition, not just based on what people are doing in the near term in terms of comparables. If there is a significant change in tax rate obviously that’s a factor we have to look at, but it’s not been at least thus far anything that’s driven any different decision process for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Can we dig a little bit deeper into the pricing and performance this quarter, where exactly are you getting pricing and some of the recent PPI data which those industry level, but suggest that pricing compression is upon us and in welding actually it turned negative last month. So, can you just give us a bit of color on where exactly you are seeing pricing power and where you expect to see most pressure?
David Speer : Yes, well remember Ann, that these comparisons on price cost are compared to the prior quarter a year ago. So we have had price increases that were put in place since then, and in some cases cost that have decreased which has increased the spread. So, it’s a combination of factors.  I would not want to give you the impression that we have had a wholesale group of price increases in the last quarter because that’s not the case. What we are seeing is the overall impact of the change in price cost, third quarter this year to third quarter of last year, but most of those price moves were made probably six months ago or so. On the cost side we saw some cost declines that occurred earlier in the year and we were, due to our purchasing power, able to get better pricing than most of the industry. So while we had to give some price back it wasn’t as much in most cases as our cost went down. I would tell you though that going forward, as Ron pointed out in one of his factors for the fourth quarter, we don’t see those same kind of spreads recurring because the fourth quarter of last year is a different set of comparables in terms of price cost and we are also now beginning to see early signs of some of the cost headwinds, that we would expect to see as you have seen announcements around steel, paper board and plastic resins as examples of where we are going to start to see some cost increases.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Cost decreases we have seen to-date I am assuming that those are mostly oil base related?
David Speer : Well, we saw some on steel on the first half of the year, certainly some of the steel. But, yes, a lot of it has been plastics and chemicals, which are oil derived products, yes.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Just switching back a little bit on restructuring, how much of your restructuring spend that you have done is on permanent cost reduction versus headcount reductions or back office headcount reductions that one might consider as semi variable. Given how decentralized you are, have you taken much structural cost cut, i.e., closed factories, shut the lights our.
David Speer : Yes, I mean it’s a combination. Obviously the biggest factor in our restructuring cost, about 85% of it’s related to people. If you look at the headcounts the large proportion of those people are going to be in our direct labor force. The next biggest category being the period overhead category and then some in the SG&A, but clearly we have closed some factories, we have downsized some factories, we have retired some equipment. But largely it has been more about having the right sized organization. So, the difference I think as we look going forward is that in a modest recovery scenario, which is what we foresee, we don’t see any significant cost additions having put back into the cost base on any near term basis. So, I don’t think this is something where we would expect these were one time reductions and they will come back as soon as volume has increased.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: But they will come back at some point when volume is increased.
David Speer : Well, they will, but not at the same rate they came out. Because in many cases we have been able to accelerate productivity improvements and sort of reshape our footprint in a lot of these different factories as well. So, they will come back, yes, but they won’t come back with the same rate that they came out.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Can you quantify the number of facilities that you have actually shutdown?
David Speer : It would be, I don’t know, probably 10 to 12 facilities but the best way to think about it is that we spent counting the fourth quarter of last year and what we project to spend the full year of this year somewhere around $200 million and 85% of that is head count related. So it’s not about facilities in terms of dollar impact as much as it is about the head count. We will take one more question
Operator: Your final question comes from Walt Liptak - Barrington Research. 
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: I want to ask you about, a one a quick one on that charge sheet that you have been decorating, the pension charge, how much was that?
Ron Kropp: Yes. So, well it was a charge in the last year in the third quarter related to a pension curtailment charge, when decorative services became a discontinued operation. When we reconsolidated back in the second quarter we restated last year’s number. So it’s a comparable issue, third quarter of this year versus third quarter of last year, it’s about $12 million.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: $12 million okay. Then, the welding, you talk about, being life cycle and that it’s going to be one of the last to recover, but I was thinking about automotive as being kind of a key welded product and things like pipelines and I think you had a big China business now. Wouldn’t some of those aspects within your welding business be recovering?
David Speer : Yes. I mean certainly some of those end markets are. Auto is not a huge market for us for our welding businesses. We don’t have a lot of content in the auto industry per se, but certainly the oil and gas business have been, in Asia in particular, continued to grow for us.  But overall if you look at the North American business remember this is a business that the welding group is 70% North American centric and the mix in our business is 70% equipment 30% consumables. So it’s a very different mix in that regard, and general industrial manufacturing activities, heavy equipment, steel construction all down big time in North America.  So, it’s really on the strength of that and how people feel about their equipment purchases which drives sort of the capital side of this. So as expected we saw a much more dramatic decline in equipment than we did in the consumable volume.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research : Okay. Has CAT talked to you about their power up program and you mentioning mobile equipment, and are you seeing increased, are you ramping up the supply chain for more production next year?
David Speer : Well certainly we are familiar with CAT’s power up program. We understand the concept and we are positioned to execute against that program as I think many are, but we would love to see the upside of their forecast come true and we are ready to participate.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research : Just last one on welding. Can you talk about market share in North America or Europe, has it gotten more competitive and mentioned pricing, are you still getting pricing in the welding industry?
Ron Kropp: We haven’t had any recent pricing increases in welding. Again, most of the price increase that we talked about in the price cost was increase that occurred at the tail end of last year, maybe some in the early part of this year, but really nothing significant since then.  The competitive environment remains challenging. Obviously in this kind of a market downturn, it’s a very aggressive marketing environment from a competition standpoint. So, we are out there slugging it out like everybody else is trying to maintain our position and hopefully find ways where we can grow it, but it’s a challenging market environment when you see your equipment volumes and the activity levels drop in the 50% range.
David Speer : We want to thank everybody for joining us on today’s call, and we look forward to talking to everybody again. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations Ron Kropp - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Speer - Chairman and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities/Wachovia Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird Ben Elias - Stern Agee Henry Kirn - UBS Ann Duignan - JPMorgan
Operator: Welcome to the Illinois Tool Works second quarter 2009 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I’ll turn the call over to your first host today, Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Brooklier: Thank you. Good afternoon everybody and welcome to ITW’s second quarter 2009 conference call. As noted I am John Brooklier and with me today is our CEO David Speer and our CFO, Ron Kropp. Thanks for joining us today.  Now, let me turn the call over to David who will make some very brief remarks on what turned out to be better than expected quarter for us.
David Speer: Thank you, John. I am pleased to report that our recently concluded quarter represented improvement on a number of fronts, especially when you compare our second quarter to our first quarter 2009 results. While base revenues were still significantly negative at minus 22% in the second quarter compared to 2008, our base revenues do appear to have stabilized. Sequentially base revenues in the second quarter were modestly better than the base revenues at minus 23.3% in the first quarter of the year. And we have now seen four consecutive months of reasonably stable base revenue performance. Sequential operating margins significantly improved in the second quarter with margins at 9.9%. Excluding the impairment we experienced in the first quarter, our second quarter margins were 410 basis points better than our first quarter margins. Much of this improvement was due to the benefits of the restructuring programs that have been underway in the last several quarters. Our second quarter earnings of $0.36 of share were significantly lower than the year ago period; they represent real improvement from the first quarter. Please note our earnings in the quarter were negatively impacted by discrete income tax charges and a higher than expected tax rate. As a result the Q2 earnings were reduced by $0.05 per share. Our very strong free operating cash flow of $567 million was $213 million higher than the year ago period and represented a significant net income to free operating cash flow conversion rate of 321%. Our first half 2009 free operating cash flow totals $950 million. Our strong free cash flow year-to-date was largely been driven by a significant reductions in working capital. And finally we are pleased with the upward trajectory of the company's operating margins and earnings. We remain mindful at the macroeconomic data and the worldwide end markets in aggregate remain weak. At best we expect minimal end market recovery in the second half of the year and into next year. Now let me turn the call back over to John. 
John Brooklier:  Thanks David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us shortly to cover Q2 financial highlights. I will then cover operating highlights for our reporting segments and then Ron will address our 2009 third quarter forecast. Finally, we'll take your questions and as always we ask for your cooperation for the question and one follow-up question policy. We are targeting a one hour completion time for today's call. First, lets cover some of the usual items please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including with our limitation, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, diluted income per share from continuing operations, restructuring expenses and related benefits, tax rates, end market conditions and the company’s related forecast. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ material from the company’s expectations are detailed in ITW’s Form 10-K for 2008. And finally before we get to Ron, please note that the telephone playback for this conference call is 203-369-3416, no pass code necessary. Playback number will be available through 12 midnight of August 5, 2009. As always you can access our second quarter conference call PowerPoint presentation via the itw.com website. Now, let me introduce Ron who will talk about 2009 financial highlights.
Ron Kropp:  Thanks, John. Good afternoon everybody. Here are the key items for the second quarter. Revenue has decreased 26% due to significantly lower base revenues. Operating income was down 56% and margins of 9.9% were lower than last year by 670 basis points, but improved from the first quarter margins ex-impairment charge by 410 basis points.
 : In spite of the significantly lower income, free operating cash flow was very strong at $567 million or $213 million higher than last year. Now let’s go to the details of our operating results. Our 25.5% revenue decrease was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenues were down 22.2%, which was favorable by 70 basis points versus the first quarter. As David discussed, we continue to see weakness across our end markets and geographies. North American base revenues decreased 26.8%, which was 60 basis points more than the first quarter. International base revenues decreased 17.3%, which was an improvement of a 170 basis points from the first quarter. Next, currency translation decreased revenues by 8.8%, which was unfavorable by a 160 basis points versus the first quarter negative currency effect. Lastly, acquisitions added 5.3% to revenue growth, which was 90 basis points lower than the first quarter acquisition impact. Operating margins for the second quarter of 9.9% were lower than last year by 670 basis points. The base business margins were lower by 400 basis points, primarily due to the lower sales volume. However non-volume added items increased base margins by 310 basis points, as lower costs, as a result of restructuring programs and lower raw material costs had a favorable impact. In addition, acquisitions reduced margins by 80 basis points, translation diluted margins by 70 basis points and higher restructuring costs reduced margins by a 130 basis points. Restructuring expense for the second quarter were $65 million, which was almost twice as much as the first quarter. When I turn it back over to John, he’ll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $7 million as a result of the higher interest rates and the long-term bonds issued in March. Other non-operating income and expense in the second quarter was unfavorable by $44 million, mainly due to a loss related to the venture capital investment and higher foreign exchange losses. The second quarter effective tax rate of 34% was higher than the forecasted rate 25% due to discreet charges related to German tax audits and the reclassification of the Decorative Surfaces segment back in the continued operations during the quarter. The higher tax rate reduced earnings by $0.05. The ongoing tax rate for the third quarter is expected to be in a range of 27.75% to 28.25%. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital increased $218 million from the first quarter primarily due to currency translation as the US dollar weakened during the quarter versus our major currencies. Accounts receivable DSO was 63.5 days versus 63.2 at the end of the first quarter. Inventory months on hand was down to 1.9 at the end of the quarter versus 2.2 at the end of the first quarter. Excluding the impact of translation, inventory levels reduced by more than $200 million during the second quarter. For the second quarter, capital expenditures were $57 million and depreciation was a $101 million. ROIC declined to 8.6% versus 18.8% last year, largely as a result of the lower base business income. On the financing side, our debt decreased $839 million from the first quarter as strong free cash flow and proceeds from overseas repatriation we used to pay down commercial paper. As a result, our debt-to-capital ratio decreased to 28% in Q2 from 34% in Q1. Shares outstanding at June 30 were 499.7 million, note that the effective options typically adds 2 million shares to the dilutive share calculation. Our cash position decreased $505 million in the second quarter as our free operating cash flow of $567 million were utilized for debt payments of $966 million, dividends of $155 million and acquisitions of $49 million. Despite the lower income levels, we were able to generate strong free operating cash flow by reducing our working capital especially inventory. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired five companies in the second quarter, which have annual revenues of $54 million. We have continued to see reduced level of activity in our acquisition pipeline. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on the second quarter operating results.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Now, let’s review our second quarter highlights, starting with industrial packaging, segment revenues declined 35.9% and operating income fell 82.8% in Q2 versus the year ago period. Operating margins of 3.5% were 970 basis points lower than the year earlier period, due to 710 basis points of margin dilution, 150 basis points of dilution related to translation. On a sequential basis, operating margins improved 400 basis points in Q2 versus Q1. The 35.9% decrease Q2 revenues consisted of minus 26.1% from base revenues, 0.8% from acquisitions and minus 10.6% from translation. Moving to the next slide, industrial packaging segments Q2 base revenues of minus 26.1% was slightly more negative than base revenues of minus 24.5% in Q1. The modest sequential fall off in base revenues was largely attributable to negative industrial production rates in key geographies. For example, US industrial production declined 15.2% in June 2009 versus a decrease of 14.6% in March 2009. Eurozone industrial production declined 16.8% in May 2009 versus a decrease of 18.5% in March 2009. These important indexes along with ongoing weakness in key end market such as primary metals, construction related materials and manufacturing led to tap the demand for our industrial packaging consumables and equipment. As a result, total North American and international base revenues declined 31.9% and 27.3% respectively.  These metrics were slightly more negative in Q1, when North American base revenues declined 30.1% and international base revenues fell 24.4%.  In the Power Systems & Electronics segment in Q2, segment revenues declined 38.6% and operating income fell 57% versus the year ago period. Operating margins of 15.3% were 660 percentage points lower than the year earlier period with base margins accounting for 460 basis points of dilution and restructuring 120 basis points of dilution. Excluding impairment in Q1 2009, operating margins improved 260 basis points. The 38.6% decrease in Q2 revenues consisted of minus 36.5% from base revenues, 2% from acquisitions and minus 4.1% from translation. Some of the underlying data in the Power Systems & Electronics segment, we thought base revenues show a further signs of weakness in Q2 with base revenues at minus 36.5% in Q2 versus minus 31.9% in Q1. The businesses in the segment largely are welding and PC board fabrication units are sensitive to both industrial production demand and CapEx spending. In welding total worldwide base revenues fell 37% in the quarter with North American base revenues down 41.3% and international base revenues down 26.4%. PC board fabrication base revenues declined 59.2% in the quarter largely due to weak demand for consumer electronics products. The one bright spot in the segment continue to be ground support equipment units, which supply at the gate power units for airplanes at commercials and military airports. Base revenues grew 4% for these worldwide businesses in Q2. Moving to the transportation segment. Q2 segment revenues fell 20.3% and operating income declined 75.6% versus the year ago period. An operating margins of 4.8% were 1100 basis points lower than the year ago period with base margins accounting for 670 basis points of dilution. The remainder of the margin dilution was almost equally split between translation, acquisitions and restructuring. The better store gross in the segment is excluding impairment in Q1, 2009 operating margins improved 800 basis points in Q2 versus Q1. The 20.3% decrease of Q2 revenues consisted of minus 23.7% from base revenues, 12.7% from acquisitions and minus 9.4% from translation. The transportation segment’s base revenue improved notably in Q2 versus Q1. Segment base revenues declined 23.7% in the Q2 compared to a base revenue decrease of 35.5% in Q1. This improvement in base revenues was directly tied to significantly improved auto builds in Europe in Q2. Our international automotive base revenues declined 22.5% in the second quarter versus the decrease of 44.1% in Q1. These improving numbers are result of builds of 4.1 million units in Q2 versus three million units in Q1, in part due to the cash-for-clunkers auto incentive program underway in Europe. In North America, our base revenues fell 39.5% in Q2 versus the decline of 46.4% in Q1 as auto builds reached 1.8 million units in Q2 versus 1.7 million units in Q1. On a year-over-year basis North American auto builds declined 49% in Q2 with Detroit three builds down 46% and the Detroit three break out is GM down 54%, Ford down 34% and Chrysler down 85%. New domestic builds declined 39% in Q2. Finally in our auto aftermarket side of businesses base revenues declined only 12.7% in Q2, as consumers continued to utilize auto aftermarket service and appearance products, as part of the trend that consumers holding on to vehicles for longer periods of time. Moving to food equipment segment, Q2 segment revenues declined 16.2% and operating income fell 20.7% versus the year ago period. Operating margins of 12.9% were 80 basis points lower than the year ago period, mainly due to 50 basis points of dilution related to restructuring activities. Base margins actually improved 20 basis points in the quarter.  Sequentially operating margins improved 260 basis points in Q2 versus Q1. The 16.2% decrease in Q2 revenues consisted of minus 8.5% from base revenues, 1.6% from acquisitions, and minus 9.3% from translation. Food equipments base revenue performance improved modestly from Q2 to Q1. Base revenues were minus 8.5% in Q2 versus 9.2% in Q1 and the modest sequential improvement was due to better sales performance in North America. Specifically total North American food equipment base revenues declined 8.4% in Q2 compared to decline of 13.7% in Q1. Notably, institution equipment sales were down 13.2% in Q2 versus a decrease of 18.1% in Q1. Sales weakened internationally with food equipment base revenues decreasing 10.2% in Q2 versus the decline 5.5% in Q1. Moving on to the construction product segment, Q2 revenues fell 34.5% and operating income declined 72.8%. Operating margins of 5.9% were 820 basis points lower than the year ago period mainly due to 570 basis points of base margin dilution and 210 basis points of dilution associated with translation. Sequentially, operating margins improved a substantial 910 basis points in Q2, versus Q1 as accumulative benefits of restructuring impacted the bottom line. A 34.5% decrease in Q2 revenues consisted of minus 22.1% from base revenues, 0.7% from acquisitions and minus 13.1% from translation. The construction segments base revenue decline of 22.1% in Q2 was essentially in line with base revenue decrease of 21.2% in the preceding quarter. We believe we witnessed signs of in market stabilization, both in North America and internationally during the quarter. In North America, base revenues fell 34% in Q2 versus a decline of 31% in Q1. And more notably, our residential units base revenues declined 43% in Q2 the same as in Q1, even as housing starts were down 48% in Q2 versus the year ago period. Sequentially, US housing starts in Q2 rose 1% versus Q1. In the commercial sector, our base revenues declined 32.7% versus a decrease of 32% in Q1 and in the renovation category, base revenues fell 19.6% in Q2 versus a decline of 18% in Q1. Base revenues for international businesses declined 20.2% in Q2 versus a decrease of 19.7% in Q1. And European base revenues fell 30.2% and Asia Pacific base revenues fell a mere 2.5% in Q2. Both metrics were roughly in line with Q1 performance. The next segment Polymers and Fluids, Q2 revenues fell 6.9% and operating income declined 46.1% versus the year ago period. Operating margins were 10.4% or 750 basis points fluids lower than the year-ago period mainly due to 310 basis points of dilution from acquisitions and a 190 basis points of dilution from restructuring. Excluding impairment in Q1, operating margins improved 650 basis points in Q2 versus Q1. The 6.9% decrease in Q2 revenues consisted of minus 15.1% from base revenues. 19.2% from acquisitions, and minus 11% from translation. For Polymers, the segment base revenue declined 15.1% in Q2 versus a decrease of 16.9% in Q1 as industrial production rates and MRO demand continued to be weak. This modest sequential improvement in base revenues was primarily a result of better performance from the international units within the segment. In Fluids worldwide base revenues decreased 15.9% in Q2 versus a decrease of 19.9% in Q1. The International Fluids businesses saw base revenues decline only 11.2% in Q2 versus 16.4% in Q1. And the North American Fluid base revenues declined 22.9% in Q2 versus a decrease of 25.1% in Q1. Worldwide Polymers base revenues fell 17.4% in Q2 versus a decline of approximately 18% in Q1 and International Polymers base revenues declined 7.9% in Q2 versus a decrease of 15.4% in Q1. North American base Polymers fell 28.6% in Q2 versus a decrease of 21.5% in Q1. Moving on to our Decorative Surfaces segment, Q2 revenues declined 23.4% and operating income fell 27.2% versus the year ago period. Operating margins of 13.2% were healthy and were only 70 basis points lower than the year ago period. There is a 160 basis points of dilution from restructuring. Notably base margins improved 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially operating margins improved to 110 basis points in Q2 versus Q1, and the 23.4% decline in Q2 revenues consisted of minus 16 from base revenues and minus 7.4 from translation. As noted the Decorative Surfaces segment base revenues declined 16% in Q2 versus a base revenue decrease of 17.1% in Q1. The segments overall performance continues to benefit for its largely commercial construction mix and its ability to continue to take market share on a variety of worldwide high pressure laminate end markets. The North American laminate businesses base revenues declined 20% in Q2, versus the base revenue decrease of 18.6% in Q1. The Wilsonart business unit high definition laminate product continue to be attractively designed and price competitive alternatives to competitive natural and manufactured stone products. In fact there were a variety of HD premium products that were successfully launched in June of this year. In Q2 international base revenues declined 11.6% versus the base revenue decrease of 13.2% in Q1. The base revenues from our French and Asian operations were week, while our UK units base revenues outperformed in the quarter. Finally to our last segment all other; in Q2 segment revenues declined 18.2% and operating income fell 46% versus the year ago period. Operating margins of 13.2% were 680 basis points lower than the year ago period were 300 basis points of base margin dilution, and 230 basis points of dilution associated with restructuring. Excluding impairment in Q1, operating margins were 180 basis points high in Q2 versus Q1. The 18.2% decline of revenues consisted of minus 20% from base revenues, 8.6% from acquisitions and minus 6.8% from translation.  As we noted earlier the All Other segment consist of four major reporting categories test and measurement; consumer packaging; finishing and industrial appliance products. The segment base revenues were modestly more negative in Q2 with base revenues decreasing 20% in Q2 versus the base revenue of decline of 18.9% in Q1. Very quickly, in test and measurement worldwide base revenues declined 15.3% in Q2 versus the decrease of 13.2% in Q1. This modest fall off in base revenues, was the result of weakening CapEx spending in North America, Europe and to a lesser extend Asia. Consumer packaging worldwide base revenues actually improved in Q2 versus the first quarter with base revenues declining 12.9% in Q2 versus the base revenue decrease of 15.2% in Q1. The Hi-Cone multipackaging can and bottle businesses and the zip bag receivable packaging businesses, led the way during the quarter. In finishing, worldwide base revenues for these paint spray, systems and components fell 38.7% in Q2 versus a decrease of 24.1% in Q1. The sequential slowing was attributable to slow in manufacturing and CapEx spending in various geographies. Finally industrial appliance worldwide base revenues were basically sequentially flat, as Q2 base revenues declined 26.9% versus the decrease of 27.8% in Q1. Declines in housing and renovation activity continued to pressure the appliance portion of this business. Now, let me turn the call back over to Ron, who will briefly cover our third quarter forecast and related assumptions.
Ron Kropp: As a result of the ongoing broad based weakness, we have limited our long-term low visibility to our worldwide end market therefore, at this time we are limiting our forecast to just the third quarter of 2009. For the third quarter, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.39 to $0.51. The low end of this range is assumes to 26% decrease in total revenues from 2008 and the high end of the range assumes to 20% decrease. The midpoint of this EPS range of $0.45 would be 49% lower than 2008. Given the economic situation, a more relevant comparison, maybe to the second quarter of 2009, third quarter 2009 forecasted revenue change from the second quarter of 2009 would be in a range of negative 1% to plus 4% and the third quarter forecasted EPS would be higher by 8% to 42%. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, restructuring cost of $30 million to $50 million for the third quarter, compared to $65 million in the second quarter, net non-operating expense in the range of $40 million to $45 million for the third quarter, and a tax rate range between 27.75% and 28.25% for the third quarter versus our tax rate in the second quarter of 34%. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Now we’ll open the call to questions and I’ll remind everybody once again we ask everybody to please honor our one question, one follow-up question request.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Terry Darling of Goldman Sachs
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: I am just trying to decipher what you are really telling us with the low end of 3Q guidance and if I take the low end of revenues and the high end of restructuring and the high ended tax, and kind to try to solve for what the detrimental margin assumption would have to be on a 2% sequential drop in revenues, its like a 60% detrimental, if I have got the math right. I’m just trying to figure out what would have to happen for that to actually occur, is there some pricing concern? Was there something in the second quarter that you know maybe feels little one-time? Any help on that for us?
David Speer: Well, I think if you look at the you know, the revenue range, first of all you have to understand that the third quarter has built into it the normal seasonal weaknesses that we expect to see in Europe is, that’s a heavy period of vacations, and in fact, we shut down. So that’s a sequential comparison. We expect the third quarter even on a normal basis is somewhere in the 5% range lower than our second quarter. I think obviously the broad ranges lead to some different calculations that could lead you to look at comparisons such as what you've made given the broad range of activity. Clearly, the trends we saw with the margins in the second quarter improving to 9.9%, our base assumptions would have those margins north of 10% during the quarter and I think if you look at all ends of this, you know the range of earnings therefore before becomes much broader as Ron pointed out, it's a range of improvement over Q2 of 8% to 42%. So obviously, a pretty broad range. So I think in terms of the math on the low end you could end up with I guess, a calculation I haven't done it that would have detrimentals like that, but I think the likelihood of detrimentals like that based on those revenue assumptions are remote.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. And then if we go to the high end of the range just on the revenue discussion, which segments would you expect to be the driver, is that mainly transport or there are some other segments that you know are obviously uncertain at this point what will be most likely to be driving that kind of a sequential improvement?
David Speer: Well, I think if you look at the overall mix of businesses that Ron and John went through those details, you will see that a number of the businesses as indicated in my earlier comments, a number of the segments have stabilized, there are still some like the welding group in particular that we have continued to see some decline. So, I can't say that those businesses have bottomed, but the ones that clearly have been more stable and we would suggest at least that based on the data that we have at the moment that would look better in Q3 would certainly be transportation, construction to a lesser extent, food equipment. So, I would say it's pretty broadly spread as the second quarter results show. The stability is I would say fairly broad at the moment with really only the welding organization to a lesser extent a little bit in food equipment, there was still some declines.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's good and just lastly, David, the cash flow was very strong this quarter and the repair of the balance sheets happened sooner than we thought. What are the triggers that you are looking for in order to move back on to the offensive with the balance sheet? Presumably, it's not anywhere in the near term you do want to see things stabilize a little bit more but, if you could just help us understand how low you are willing to see that net debt-to-cap ratio go before you get back in the offensive here?
David Speer: Well, that the big variable is obviously acquisitions and acquisitions have been very light. So, I wouldn't expect to see a significant change, certainly not in the trajectory until we see a significant improvement in the acquisition activity. And we said since we provided guidance originally this year that we saw a weakening acquisition environment. And that we are comfortable, obviously storing cash and storing our credit capabilities for when that environment improves because we believe when it does there will be significant opportunities for the company. So, I don’t expect to see any change upward in that debt-to-cap, which I think was what your question was aimed at until we see a significant improvement in acquisition activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray with FBR Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets: It's been a while since we got to talk about Decorative Surfaces that it's back into the core business and one of the things that struck me on the results from the quarter is how skewed it is to the commercial construction markets and if we are at the beginnings of a significant downturn there, how badly do you think this business bears in as you start to see the fall off?
David Speer: Well, certainly, Deane as you know, it's been pointed out in your comment, the commercial markets are the most important segment overall for the company here for the Decorative Surfaces business is about 65% of their business is in commercial. Now it's not all commercial construction as in building per se, but it ends up in commercial buildings, commercial businesses.  So a fair amount of that is in retail store fixtures, case goods, items like that office furniture certainly is a portion of that. So a broad variety of end markets that end up in various commercial areas. What we have seen happen Deane, is that the advent of a lot of our newer product ranges in decorative surfaces, particularly the high definition series has helped us gain market penetration in some of those commercial markets where people are looking at using those premium laminated products as in some cases that trade down on a cost savings alternative to using other surface materials like natural stones or even engineered stone products.  So while the trajectory in commercial is down and certainly don’t think we have the same kind of trajectory in these businesses certainly. In Europe, it’s a much better balanced portfolio of businesses as it is in Asia, where it is primarily a commercial. However for a broader, even variety of end market activities and certainly in those markets, we have not seen the same kind of declines we have seen in the commercial markets here. 
Deane Dray - FBR Capital Markets: That's very helpful. And just my follow-up, an earlier comment on power systems, I believe I heard you say you're not expecting to have seen that to have stabilized here. That’s one of ITW's more late-cycle businesses. If you just take us a tour geographically, what end markets you're seeing in the expectations on how power system fare?
John Brooklier: Well, I think what I said Deane was that we have not seen the stabilization, I described earlier stabilization is being three to four months of relatively consistent activity. We have not seen that overall in the Power Systems & Electronics businesses. Notably the welding businesses, we have seen more stability recently, but frankly only for a couple of months, so hard to call that yet. The electronic segment, we have not seen any stability yet. Although we have an order book that is looking at least modestly better, too early to call any turn there. So, I’d expect that we will see some choppy numbers in Q3 in those markets and probably during the quarter, we may well be able to say that we have seen stabilization, but certainly entering the quarter, we can’t say that.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: First question, we saw another improvement in decremental margins in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Your margins of 9.9% were slightly better than, what I thought. So, I’m just wondering if you could comment on how you see margins trending towards the end of the year. Can we get to 12% rate or better given the second quarter performance and if there is any improvement on the decremental? Then David if you could just talk about how you’re thinking about auto production potentially in 2010, when you think about the US and Europe?
David: Sure, well it relates to decremental, Jamie. There were two primary drivers of good performance in the quarter. Certainly the impact of the restructuring, which we’ve been talking about now for several quarters, had a huge impact on the improvement. As we talked in our first quarter call, our efforts were really to get our businesses right size to a much lower market activity level that we’d anticipated when we started the year. We spent $65 million in the second quarter on restructuring. We spent $35 million in the first quarter, nearly the same amount in the fourth quarter of last year. So, all and in the last three quarters, we spent $130 plus million in restructuring. We are now obviously beginning to see those benefits. The second major factor was the positive impact on our price cost relationship. During the quarter, we had a positive impact of nearly 170 basis points on price cost and as you may recall, we were also signaling that we saw some recovery occurring there as cost began to mediate and the impact of price increases, particularly towards the end of last year began to come into play. So, those are very favorable, obviously. Going forward, I’d expect that the strength of the restructuring, we will continue to see margins powered forward on those. We have not yet obviously seen all those benefits, certainly not all the benefits in the second quarter and to some extent even not those from the first. So, clearly our expectation is without any significant improvement in revenues. That we would expect to see the margins climb certainly well into the double-digit territory in the next couple of quarters. In terms of the auto build for next year, we really haven’t formed a view of exact numbers for next year in North America. If you look at the current assumptions for 2009 coming out of CSM, we are talking about an auto build somewhere around 7.8 million vehicles and I think from just our brief review in our long range plan discussions, our folks are probably looking at something between 8.5 to 9 million vehicles next year, but its very preliminary data at this point. Don’t have any read on Europe yet. Although the European numbers that clearly the last half of the year would expect to be somewhere in the 8 million range in terms of the overall build, which is roughly in line with sequentially, what occurred in the second quarter. So, don’t have any read yet on the European build for 2010.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities/Wachovia: First point, just trying to understand your consumable versus equipment split and packaging and power systems. Was there any improvement in the rate of change in Q2 versus Q1 due to among other things low rates of destocking?
David Speer: On the two sides, industrial packaging, no real significant change in either the equipment or the consumable profile. So you know the mix there again is a roughly 70-30, 70% consumables, 30% equipment in the industrial packaging, but no notable changes there. Although, I would say their businesses in that category have reached some reasonable level of stability over the last three or four months, but no notable change in mix between the two, if that was your question Andy? On the power electronic side, we've seen better numbers on the consumables than we have on the equipment. Most of the decline is still been related to the equipment. The consumable volumes have actually stabilized in the last several months and certainly here in North America and in Asia, but the equipment volumes have been much more choppy in the power electronics business.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities/Wachovia: Okay. Thanks for that clarity. Then digging in the non-operating margin improvement contribution, out of the 310 basis points David I think you'd indicated about a 170 that was price cost benefit. Could you give a little color and overall on what the other roughly 140 was?
David Speer: I'm going to let Ron answer that for you Andy.
Ron Kropp: Yes. So total net volume impact is 310 basis points for base, 170 is price cost as you said. The other 140 is all related to cost reductions, and you know a large portion of that related to the benefits of restructuring where we reduced overhead and other manufacturing cost as a result of [four] restructuring projects. We also have a lot of ongoing cost reduction initiatives that don't involve restructuring, going on at various business units that have reduced the cost there, they have improved margins as well. The biggest segments that have restructuring benefits are power systems is one, also construction, [FEG] and polymers and fluids.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities/Wachovia:  Okay and if I could follow-up on that just in some of the other companies that have reportedly had some inventory accounting benefit in the margins, did you guys see any of that?
Ron Kropp:  No, not this quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joel Tiss with Buckingham Research
Joel Tiss -: I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the [snap back] in the packaging margins. Why is it that seems to be so tame versus what we're seeing in some of the other segments?
Buckingham Research: I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the [snap back] in the packaging margins. Why is it that seems to be so tame versus what we're seeing in some of the other segments?
David Speer:  You're talking about the improvement in margins?
Joel Tiss -: Yes, the margins are getting a little bit better versus we've seen some pretty some harder snap backs in some other segments.
Buckingham Research: Yes, the margins are getting a little bit better versus we've seen some pretty some harder snap backs in some other segments.
David Speer:  Sure, while a large portion of the restructuring that is underway right now in the industrial packaging segment is international, so we've not yet the benefits of those restructuring projects As you may recall, Joel those take-- generally those restructuring projects internationally, the payback on them is more like 10 to 12 months. So while we have invested in those, we've yet to see any of the significant benefits yet. I would expect that over the next several quarters, we'll begin to see those trends change. On the cost margin side, they have done reasonably well in terms of cost recovery but they have now begun to see cost increases particularly in their steel products. So some of that is mitigated, but we do expect to see albeit with more stable prices, a stronger margin improvement.
Joel Tiss -: Okay. And also you mentioned a couple of segments that we should see some continued strength going into the rest of the year and into 2010 and you didn't really mention transport and it just seems like auto is snapping back harder than some of the areas. Is there anything below the surface there that we should know?
Buckingham Research: Okay. And also you mentioned a couple of segments that we should see some continued strength going into the rest of the year and into 2010 and you didn't really mention transport and it just seems like auto is snapping back harder than some of the areas. Is there anything below the surface there that we should know?
David Speer: No. I think what Ron was referring to, is where we have significant restructuring benefits coming forward. No, I think the transport business segment we should continue to see better margins. Obviously, the build rates for the rest of the year in the OEM auto businesses will be better clearly than what we saw in the first two quarters. And we've done a significant level of restructuring in those businesses. So, I would expect to see a very good margin improvement performance in those businesses. 
Joel Tiss -: Okay. And last quick one. Have you given us a free cash flow estimate for 2009?
Buckingham Research: Okay. And last quick one. Have you given us a free cash flow estimate for 2009?
David Speer: No, we have not. 
John Brooklier: You know it's 950.
Ron Kropp: Yes I think the only thing we could say is that it's very strong in the first half. We've done a very good job in both the first and second quarter, reducing working capital receivables more in the first quarter inventory than the second. And so we've been generating a lot of free cash above and beyond our net income in the first half. Yes, we still have opportunities there, but we won't see quite the impact of reducing the balance sheet as we did in the first half. So, it would be closer to a little bit more than one times net income as opposed to this quarter was 300 plus percent of net income for cash flow.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: You spoke a little bit about restructuring a little bit earlier, I just want to basically ask the question what have we got in for our $100 million now that we have spend year to date and what do you expect to get for the remainder in the second half? And I know obviously the answer is 410 basis points of margin improvement you got so far in the second quarter. But how did that occur? Specifically can you give me an idea of what amount of headcount reduction is been undertaken? Or had there been facilities that have been shuttered to a material extent? Can you kind of quantify what you guys have actually done?
David Speer:  Well, most of the restructuring charges and benefits are related to headcount. So, if you look across the spend, more than 80%, probably closer to 85% of it is related to reduction in personnel. I don’t have a precise number for the reduction for their first two quarters in terms of what were in those restructuring projects, but over the last four quarters, the overall work force has been reduced by something close to 7000 people overall. So, somewhere in the 12% range, in terms of the overall headcount. In terms of the go forward look, clearly as we have moved in the second quarter to more international restructurings, the payback on those is longer. So, the margin improvement profile is a bit slower on those, but nonetheless we would expect to see continued margin improvement on the basis of what we have already spent and as Ron highlighted in his earlier comments, we expect to spend somewhere in the $40 million range restructuring again in Q3. So, I think the expectation is that we will continue to see margin improvement. If you look at the second quarter profile, the bulk of the margin improvement, more than two thirds of it came from the benefits we saw from restructuring project. So, we would expect that to continue. Overall the restructuring projects, typically if you take the balance between our international and domestic restructuring projects, we typically are seeing paybacks that would be in the nine month range if you look at them cumulatively and benefits that are somewhere in the order of 1.2 to 1.3 times the cost. So, we had $100 million so far this year, if you just try to monetize that on an annualized basis, you’d see that being benefits of around $120 million to $125 million.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Just of the year-to-date amount?
David Speer: Correct and you can apply the same math to the fourth quarter of last year for the 33 year or so, we spent there. So, it’s hard to put in precise quarterly buckets because it doesn’t blow, evenly some of those projects would have been approved towards the end of the quarter. So, you can’t really precisely determine the lineup by quarter, but that’s roughly the way it works. You would see that in the impact in the second quarter. Obviously the full impact of what we were doing in the fourth quarter and a partial impact in the first quarter realized in our second quarter results.
Ron Kropp: A lot of those restructuring, it’s happening at the business unit level, that’s how we do it in our decentralized environment. So, there is a lot of different kinds of restructuring had been at all different times and you asked about shuttering plans, yes there are some of those, it is primarily headcount, but so there is a lot of different flavors of this spread throughout the world at all the various business units.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Then we got you to walk out on the limb, asking about the future look for vehicle production, could I ask you about your outlook on housing starts and commercial construction, both domestic and international?
David Speer: We are going to start a new segment called forecasting and we are going to charge for these, if we are accurate, how is that? My view on the housing front is, we have obviously been bouncing around on the bottom. The housing numbers for June that just came out last Friday were modestly better than the once for May. They were up about 6%. We have seen now about seven months of reasonable stability in the single family housing number. In fact the single family housing number in June was over 400,000. It’s pretty much in line with what we have been saying though. I think we’ll see a slow in modest recovery in the in the housing numbers. I don't expect to see any significant improvement. I think by the end of the year, we'll probably be in a range of annualized activity of probably 550,000 to 600,000. I don't see any significant catalyst is going to change that number remarkably in 2010. So, while it will be sequentially better than what we seen and certainly as the month go on, we'll see improvements in the 6% to 7% range, like we did in June. I don't expect we're going to see a robust recovery in 2010 in housing. I think housing is at least to 2011 recovery in terms of significant improvement. Commercial continues to fall the F.W. Dodge numbers for contracts rewarded are still down in the range of minus 50% in terms of square footage on those projects year-to-date. The activity levels across the major different segments are still down significantly. Office down 63%, retail stores down 58%, hotels down 57%, manufacturing 54%. So, there is a lot of damage still to be done or realized in the commercial construction markets because these are starts, equivalent to starts, which means that we're still trending down from buildings that are being completed that we are started in 2006, 2007. So, I think we're going to continue to see a negative trajectory in the commercial markets. I would expect that the numbers next year won't be as bad as this year, but they will still be negative. I expect we'll still be a negative territory maybe in the mid-teens to low 20s.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: How about international?
David Speer: International, well there is no international industry. I’d expect that in Europe, we'll see as we've seen recently stability in a number of their commercial markets and that could possibly lead to some more positive comparisons next year. They have an opportunity to have some positive growth in commercial, albeit at modest in Europe. The numbers in Asia clearly have moved upward particularly as related to infrastructure in markets like China. But again there is no one overall industry in terms of the international markets. But international markets are clearly be more favorable than those here in the US.
John Brooklier:  And Mark, I would remind you that our international exposure on the commercial side is far bigger than it is on the North American side. 
David Speer : Remember in construction 60% of the business is outside of North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Dowd with Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein:  Let me just turn to the acquisition pipeline for a minute. Are you seeing any differences in the willingness of sellers in key emerging markets that's different from what you are seeing in North America and Europe or is it pretty uniformly dismal everywhere?
David Speer: Well, that's that maybe hard if it too much flavor on Dan, because I don’t know, but I've got lot of data specifically on emerging markets. I can tell you I haven’t seen anybody flag anything for me that would indicate that they are significantly different. Their markets have not been impacted to the same degree as the markets here in terms of the decline in both revenues and earnings. So, they are probably not in quite the same situation but nonetheless the multiples and the overall evaluations in those markets have also been impacted by the downturn. Particularly due to extent that businesses in the emerging markets are relying on exports to the developed markets. So, I don’t really think there is much difference, but again I don’t have a lot of data to draw on. I can say that the pipeline for us is still above what it look liked before, the pipeline in terms of size is in the 300 million range. Not lot of new stuff flowing into the pipeline, but I can say that in the last probably four to six weeks I can see more activity and discussions going on around things it could end up going into a pipeline at some point, which is clearly different what we would have seen 90 days ago. So maybe we're starting to see some early signs of the market adjusting to the realities of valuation which is really the primary issue here.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: All right. Well, lets assume then that the pipeline is pretty weak for the next 12 months or so. Where do you see your balance sheet ending up, this time next year?
David Speer: Well, I am not assuming its going to remain weak for 12 months but you can do your math on that. You saw the power of what we're able to do in the second quarter. Obviously as Ron pointed out a lot of that is based on significant reductions in working capital which is as things stabilize you won't see those reductions continuing to occur but certainly, if you'd look at where we are today in the 27%, 28% range, if we continue to see the kind of modest activity we're seeing we would clearly be in the low 20s I would guess. That's not what my expectation is, I really do expect the acquisition market to improve, probably not significantly in our numbers this year but I would expect by the fourth quarters of this year we would be talking about the different look at the pipeline than what we're seeing today.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay. Is there a debt to equity at which you shift from debt reductions to a share buyback?
David Speer: There could be but we're certainly not. That's not on my radar screen right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: You were kind of enough to give us a view of price cost versus, call them structural cost benefits in the second quarter. For restructuring you should be able to, I hope anyway you can, tell us what $40 million of restructuring expense in the third quarter would mean in terms of margin impact year-to-year?
Ron Kropp: Yes. Year-to-year Rob, its about a 1.2 times that's been our norm, but that's an annualized rates so, it wouldn’t all be realized in the calendar year 2009, but roughly the conversion is about 120%. If I understood your question correct.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: No, I am not sure I understand your answer.
David Speer: Okay, $40 million of spend in Q3 would yield roughly a $48 million benefit on an annualized basis?
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Right.
David Speer: So, it wouldn’t all be realized in the calendar year 2009, it would be realized on an annualized basis. It would be realized going forward. So, typically the restructuring projects, the mix of international and domestic have about a nine month payback. So, we would see sometime roughly Q1 and Q2 of next year we would start to see the full impact of those benefits.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: You are talking about the benefit that we get from it. But in terms of knowing what you are going to spend next quarter and based on your revenue guidance, you should have a view of what kind of a dilution of third quarter margin year-to-year would be created by the 40 million of restructuring spending?
David Speer: Sorry, I misunderstood your question. Okay, Ron perhaps you can take. 
Ron Kropp:  Yes, I think if you look at the margins for the third quarter, we are looking in that 100 basis points to 120 basis points. 110 or so negative basis points and margins related to restructuring. 
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: And it would be fair to say then if you go to the fourth in your anniversary large charges last year, I mean I would assume you have some visibility what you are likely to do in this year’s fourth quarter?
David Speer: We don’t on a restructuring basis yet, but we would expect it to be less than the third quarter.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Which means then by definition it would be less than the fourth quarter of last year?
David Speer:  Absolutely, correct. Yes, in the fourth quarter last year we spent $35 million, we would expect that at this point to be less than that. Yes. 
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
David Speer: And last year in the third quarter I think we spent some around $20 million or so. 
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Yes. What was that?
David Speer: About double the rate this year of what we spent last year.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
David Speer: Sorry, we only spent $5 million in the second quarter, the third quarter of last year. So, significantly higher this year.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Ok, and can you give us any idea of your assumption for price cost continues to widen in the third quarter and can you tell us what you have embedded in your third quarter guidance, Ron?
Ron Kropp: Yes. So, for the second quarter it was favorable by a 170 basis points.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Right.
Ron Kropp: We have probably reached the bottom as far as the cost levels. We are starting to see some other costs tick up a bit and so we would expect that the benefit in the third quarter will be less then that 170 basis points.
David Speer: Probably close to 200.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay, without getting too specific, a philosophical question, recognizing that this is a different downturn than past downturns, you also have some different businesses than what you have had in past downturns. And I’m wondering how you feel about the performance you are seeing out of test and measurement which is showing overall year-over-year organic declines, sort of in line with the industrial production indexes. And recognizing that they serve more industrial markets, wouldn’t you have expected a little bit stronger performance at that business?
David Speer: Actually, given it's primarily a capital equivalent business, it's actually held up very well. If you look at the other capital equipment businesses, the big plunge occurred in the equipment first in the consumables, second the equivalent volumes have remained down, so they were in fact at minus 15% in Q2. There's no question in my mind, they have picked up market share penetration. In most of our other equipment business, we are talking about declines into 30 plus percent in the same kind of economic environment. So, I think given the mix of their business, which is primarily an equipment business. So, I think that they have done quiet well actually.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: In a market that you think is down comp of those other CapEx markets?
David Speer: Correct, yes. I mean a lot of it’s a same kind of end market. So, we know the CapEx spend in some of other businesses in the same end markets are down north of 30%, which is pretty consistent to what we've seen across the number of different businesses.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Elias with Stern Agee.
Ben Elias - Stern Agee: I was wondering, if could elaborate a little bit further on the Food Equipment segment, seems to me that North America is improving. So, if you just walk through some of the trends you've seen there, when it comes to delays or deferrals in CapEx spending at the end markets.
David Speer: Two-thirds of our equipment business in Food Equipment is related to institutional, which is a more stable based than the casual dinning or restaurant businesses. So, that has clearly held our equipment businesses is up somewhat better than, what you think about, when you look at the overall food markets, at least from a restaurant standpoint. Institution has been hospital, schools, universities, large scale operation. So, that has had certainly a positive impact. Although even in the equipment areas and those categories, we're talking about double-digit decline. The strong metric for us in Food Equipment is one-third of our business is after market service. In the after market service is held up obviously quiet well in this market environment, which is obviously made the overall results much more favorable in terms of comparisons, when you look at other markets. So, the food service, the after market service is a significant component that has basically been flattish for the last several quarters. So, when you look at the overall mix, it gives us declines that are less than double-digit declines in North America. The mix is similar internationally. Although the equipment sales internationally are little bit more diversified in terms of end category, more restaurant concentration, not a quite of side institution concentration. So, a little bit more volatile on the equipment side internationally.
Ben Elias - Stern Agee:  The after markets pickup, is that was, what largely accounted for the improvement in margins or compared to the first quarter?
David Speer:  No, we had some restructuring in there and some would have been the impact of the aftermarket service. The margins in those businesses are quite good.
Operator: The next question comes from Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Wondering if you could talk a little about if you see any impact at all from global stimulus packages then maybe on the back of that, where in your portfolio you think you might have some exposure?
David Speer:  Global stimulus well, that's an interesting question. I’d say that, we haven't been able to measure it yet, but we're hopeful. Certainly, here in North America, the stimulus package as it relates to our kinds of businesses, we would expect to see it at somewhat in our construction businesses at some point. We'd expected to see in some other businesses that are impacted by some of the spend around facilities and in research and development, so probably in some of our test and measurement businesses as well. We've seen activity on the research and development side in terms of quotations by a number of different groups that would benefit from the stimulus package. On the construction side, we've seen some modest activity in the bid stage, but nothing that's materialized yet. The transportation infrastructure dollars are beginning to flow, but much of that was already planned projects. They now have funding to spend on. So, I can't say, we've seen a tremendous impact yet, but our prediction was, we wouldn't see much impact in 2009 on the infrastructure spend here in North America. As it relates to other markets, it's clearly being utilized in China now, various stimulus packages are on the street and the spending is going on. We have begun to see that at least in a couple of our segments. There hasn't been a very well coordinated stimulus package per se in Europe but one element of, I guess what you'd use to call a stimulus package was highlighted earlier in John's comments which is been the cash for clunkers European program that's spread across several markets France, Germany, the UK where there are discounts for trading in older vehicles. That clearly had an impact on the second quarter auto build in Europe driving it up to more than four million vehicles after a three million build in the first quarter. So that's probably about as much flavor I can give you on where we see the stimulus and where we expect it will come.
Henry Kirn – UBS: That's helpful. And in terms of destocking, could you talk a little about where, in which categories that might be coming to an end and where there might still be some destocking come? 
Ron Kropp: Yes. Its hard to give an exact read. But we think the de-stocking now is largely over in most of our businesses here in North America. There is some still modest level of destocking going on in the welding organization but short of that most of it seems to be behind us albeit they were still performing at obviously much lower market levels of activity. The European businesses, again most of that de-stocking would appear to be behind us at this point but there was no precise measurements. So these are sort of gut feels but I think frankly given what we've seen in terms of declines in the first four or five months of the year I think its reasonably safe to assume that the vast majority of destocking is done. There is not a significant level of restocking however that is being initiated. 
John Brooklier: We'll take one more question.
Operator: The last question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: I want to take a step back on the automotive production again. In North America I am just curious, everybody have seen CFM forecast. Everybody’s got an expectation that production is going to pick up back half versus first half. But, I am just curious, if you have gotten any build schedules yet out of the OEMs that actually is hard evidence that production schedules are picking up?
David Speer: You are talking about North American OEMs?
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Yes, North America.
David Speer: Yes, North America. I guess the answer is you can talk about schedules, but you have used the word hard with schedules, that's probably not a good linkage.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: I got it. I understand.
David Speer: I can tell you that the current schedules would suggest that the build in Q3 should be somewhere around 2.1 million vehicles. That would be up 300,000 from Q2, still down 30% from last year, but certainly sequentially a much better quarter. I would say that our guys, for initially what they have seen, that looks like a reasonable number at the moment.  But you have to remember also that people like Chrysler, as John referenced in his earlier comments were down 85%. So, if they build anything in the second quarter, it's going to be an improvement. But yes, we expect that we will see auto numbers in the third quarter somewhere near that number. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan:  Okay, good and then can you talk a little bit about where demand might spread out beyond just transportation? I am thinking of things like may be, perhaps and tell me if this is too much of a stretch.  But I am thinking of businesses like Signode that if you are shipping more steel into an automotive plant or more components into an automotive plant, then may be something like the strapping business might start to pick up on the back of that also?
David Speer:  Yes, I think you might see some of that. Remember that the primary industrial packaging markets for Signode, the number one market for them is metals. That’s steel and aluminum. And that’s really at the mill, so until you see significant rise in steel output and aluminum output, you are not going to see a significant improvement in that number. The second biggest market for them is construction materials, plumber, brick block and it was like that are primarily directed towards residential construction. So, until we see a significant rise there, I don’t expect we’ll see it in those markets. The next biggest market is the general industrial market and if shipments of goods begin to increase, we certainly would expect to see some increase there, probably, primarily on consumables because most of the customer-based in most markets have plenty of excess capacity. So, I’d doubt, we’d see much in the terms of equipment sale uplift, but maybe some increases in consumable output.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Our colleagues here are anticipating a pretty significant pickup in steel production on the back of the automotive production obviously. So, maybe that would have an impact.
Ron Kropp:  If that comes we’ll certainly see it, yes.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Yes, and then just real quick follow-up on price cost. Which raw materials are you seeing, the most to relief on in terms of cost, is it they oil based impact?
David Speer:  Well, actually the biggest improvement that led to the margin improvement we talked about in Q2 was actually around steel. That still around the plastic products, but as Ron pointed out in his comments, we have seen now steel, at least in most markets is bottomed and in several markets we have actually seen some increases in steel. So, and I’d expect to see that the steel profile is going to continue to be one, where we’ll see commodity cost begin to rise from reasonably good decline. The plastics and chemical categories, which were tied to generally oil based products. They have been rather choppy, not any significant upward movement, but certainly no significant downward movement either. So, even in a stable environment with those, we’d expect to see some price cost improvements, as our purchasing power generally helps us in those kinds of market environments.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: I’ll leave it at that, since it is after two. So, I appreciate getting on the call. Thanks.
John Brooklier: Thanks everybody for joining us and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-17 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John Brooklier – Vice President of Investor Relations Ronald D. Kropp – Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President David B. Speer – Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts:  Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Henry Kirn – UBS Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Andrew Casey – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Daniel Dowd – Bernstein Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research 
Operator: Welcome to the Illinois Tool Works first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer session. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I’ll turn the call over to your first host today, Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
John Brooklier:  Welcome to our first quarter 2009 conference call. With me today is our CEO David Speer and our CFO, Ron Kropp. At this point David will make some brief remarks on what was a difficult and very challenging quarter for us.
David B. Speer : Certainly no question the recently concluded first quarter was extraordinarily difficult as we clearly were faced with very troubling economic trends in virtually all of the major global economies. The dramatic declines in virtually all of our key end markets have provided clearly unprecedented challenges for our global businesses.  From a macro data standpoint US industrial production excluding technology fell for the fifth straight month hitting a -14.6% in March. In Europe the industrial production numbers ranged down from -20% to -12% for the major economies of the UK, France and Germany. As you know the ISM Index for both US and European countries continue to hover around the mid 30s indicating real signs of growth are certainly really an aspiration rather than a reality. From an end market perspective our industrial production businesses, our auto businesses and our construction businesses all continue to face very unique challenges. The further declines in worldwide industrial production has certainly impacted our welding and our industrial packaging businesses. Auto build declines were at record levels in the quarter and had negative consequences for all of our auto units and stubbornly negative construction trends in North America and declining trends internationally were evident in our Q1 results for our worldwide construction businesses. Despite this very challenging environment, we continue to make longer term investments that we believe will position us for future growth. We spent $33 million during the quarter on restructuring initiatives and we expect to spend another $60 million of restructuring in the second quarter. You may recall that we originally forecasted restructuring costs for the entire year to be in a range of $60 to $100 million. It’s clear to us that we’ll exceed that at the higher end of the range for the full year 2009. The associated benefits of these restructuring programs will become more apparent as 2009 progresses. We have likewise continued investing in key innovation programs that offer significant long term growth potential when the end markets begin to recover. We are also encouraged by our strong first quarter free operating cash flow of $386 million. This level of free cash flow is only modestly lower than the year ago period and underscores our ability to drive reductions in working capital throughout the company even in this challenging environment.  Finally, we remain confident that whenever economic trends and end markets do begin to improve ITW and our relatively short lead time businesses will benefit in a meaningful and measureable fashion. Now, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Brooklier : For everybody on the call here the agenda for today, Ron will join us shortly to cover Q1 financial highlights. I will then cover operating highlights for our reporting segments, Ron will then address our 2009 second quarter earnings forecast.  You may have seen from this morning’s release that due to lack of long term visibility we have opted at this point in time to only forecast the second quarter. Finally, we will take your questions. As always we ask for your cooperation per the one question, one follow up question policy. We are targeting a completion time of one hour for today’s call.  First, the usual items, please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limitations statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, operating income, income from continuing operations, diluted income per share from continuing ops, restructuring benefits, free operating cash flow, end market conditions and the company’s related forecast. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and you can see those material changes that are detailed in our Form 10k for 2008. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is 402-220-3690 no pass code is necessary. The playback number will be available through 12 Midnight of April 30th. You can also access as always our first quarter conference call PowerPoint presentation via the www.ITW.com website. Please access the investor relations section and then look for the event presentation tab. Now, here’s Ron Kropp who will talk about financial highlights for the 2009 first quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp : As David mentioned, this has been a difficult and challenging quarter. Before I go through the first quarter results I thought it would be important to discuss two unusual charges that we had this quarter and take you through their impact on the reported results. Excluding these two charges EPS from continuing operations was $0.17 per share which was just over the high end of our revised forecasted EPS range of $0.08 to $0.16.  These two charges reduced earnings by $0.23 per share which resulted in the reported loss of $0.06 per share. The first charge relates to impairment of goodwill and intangibles. As you may recall we test all of our goodwill and intangibles in the first quarter of each year. In addition, this quarter we were required to adopt a new accounting standard FAS 157 which changed the way that fair value is determined for our impairment testing. As a result, we’ve recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $90 million in the first quarter primarily related to two business platforms that we acquired in the last few years. Our pressure sensitive adhesive businesses and our PC board fabrication businesses. The impact of this impairment charge was $0.17 per share.  The second item relates to several discreet tax charges recorded in the first quarter which totaled $28 million. Of this amount, $11 million related to the reduction of tax loss carry forwards in certain foreign jurisdictions. The remainder related to adjustments to our tax reserves for various international issues. The discreet tax charges reduced EPS by $0.06 per share.  Moving on to the reported results for the first quarter, revenues decreased 24% due to significantly lower base revenues. Operating income was down 90% and margins of 2% were lower than last year by 13.2 percentage points. Excluding the impairment charge margins would have been 5.1%. The diluted loss per share from continuing operations of $0.06 but excluding the charges I discussed we would have had income of $0.17 down from $0.70 last year. Despite the significantly lower income, free operating cash flow is very strong at $386 million.  Now, let’s go to the details of the operating results. Our 23.8% revenue decrease was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenue was down 23.3% which was unfavorable by 14.1 percentage points versus the fourth quarter of 2008. As David discussed we saw significant weakness across all of our end markets and geographies. North American based revenues decreased 26.7% which was significantly worse than the 12.3% decrease in the fourth quarter. International based revenues decreased 19.5% versus a decrease of 6.2% in the fourth quarter. Next, currency translation decreased revenues by 7.3% which was unfavorable by 2.8 percentage points versus the fourth quarter negative currency affect. Lastly, acquisitions added 6.6% to revenue growth which was 1.2 percentage points lower than the fourth quarter 2008 acquisition affect. Operating margins for the first quarter of 2% were lower than last year by 13.2 percentage points. The base business margins were lower by 7.4 percentage points primarily due to the lower sales volume. In addition, the impairment charge reduced margins by 3 percentage points, translation diluted margins by 1.2 percentage points and higher restructuring costs reduced margins by 1 point.  Restructuring expense for the first quarter was $33 million which was similar to the restructuring amount in the fourth quarter. As a result of significant restructuring we have done over the last six months, we have reduced our base business overhead cost by more than 10% from the first quarter 2008 levels. When I turn it back over to John, he’ll provide more details on the operating results as he discussed the individual segments.  In the non-operating area interest expense was lower by $6 million as a result of lower interest rates on commercial paper. Other non-operating income and expense in the first quarter was favorable by $17 million mainly due to a German transfer tax expense in 2008. The first quarter effective tax rate was 230% due to the non-deductable impairment charge and the discreet tax charges of $28 million. Absent the impact of these charges the effective tax rate would have been 26%.  Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital decreased $486 million from the fourth quarter primarily due to lower operating working capital of $282 million and lower goodwill and intangibles of $178 million, some of which was due to the impairment charge. Although cost receivable DSO was 64.1 days versus 59.4 at the end of the fourth quarter, it was lower than the 66.4 days at the end of the first quarter of 2008. Inventory months on hand was 2.2 at the end of the quarter versus 2.1 at the end of 2008.  For the first quarter, capital expenditures were $61 million and depreciation was $82 million. Excluding the impact of the impairment and tax charges ROIC declined to 4.2% versus 15% last year largely as a result of the lower base business income. On the financing side, our debt increased $194 million from last quarter. On March 1st, we repaid maturing debt of $500 million.  In late March we decided to take advantage of the favorable credit markets to term out some of our short term commercial paper borrowings. We issued long term debt of $1.5 billion, $800 million of five year bonds and $700 million of 10 year bonds. The proceeds of this bond offering were primarily used to repay commercial paper.  As of March 31st proceeds of $260 million were still held as cash on the balance sheet pending repayment of additional commercial paper that matured in early April. Our debt to capital ratio increased to 34% from 32% last quarter primarily due to the bond proceeds of $260 million that were still held as cash. Use of this cash in April to repay debt will bring the leverage ratio close to the fourth quarter level. Shares outstanding at March 31st were 499.3 million. Note that the effective options typically adds up to 2 million shares to the dilutive share calculation. Our cash position increased $378 million in the first quarter as our free operating cash flow of $386 million and net debt proceeds of $196 million were utilized for dividends of $155 million and acquisitions of $65 million. Despite the lower income levels, we were able to generate strong free operating cash flow by reducing our working capital.  Regarding acquisitions, we acquired six companies in the first quarter which have annual revenues of $75 million. We’ve continued to see a reduced level of activity in our acquisition pipeline. I will now turn it back over to John who will provide more details on the operating results.
John Brooklier : Now, let’s review our first quarter segment highlights and we’ll start with the industrial packaging area where segment revenue has declined 32% and operating income fell 106.3% in the quarter. Operating margins of -1% were 12 percentage points lower than year ago period largely due to 10.6 percentage points of base margin dilution and 1.3 percentage points of dilution related to translation. The 32.3% decrease in revenues consisted of the following: -24.5% from base revenues; 0.7% from acquisitions; and -8.5% in translation. Moving to the next slide; the industrial packaging segment Q1 base revenues of -24.5% represented a significant decline from Q4 2008 when base revenues declined 5.7%. The substantial sequential decrease in base revenues was linked to declining industrial production rates in key geographies. For example, US industrial production excluding technology declined further to 14.6% in March of 2009 and as David noted earlier in Europe we’re seeing similar trends. Industrial production rates fell to -20% in Germany, -16% in France and -12% in the UK and that’s through February ’09. These indexes along with weakness in key end markets such as construction related areas such as lumber, brick and block as well as primary metals led to falling demand for both strapping and equipment products as well as stretch wrap and protected packaging products. As a result, total North American and international industrial packaging base revenues declined 30% and 24% respectively in Q1. Within the segment worldwide insulation was the segments best performer with base revenues down only 9% in Q1. Moving to power systems and electronics; in the first quarter segment revenues declined 32.1% and operating income fell 80.2%. Operating margins of 6.2% were 15.1 percentage points lower than the year ago period with impairment negatively impacting margins by 6 percentage points, base margins declining 5.1 percentage points and restructuring costs negatively impacted margins by 2 percentage points. The 32.1% decrease in revenues consisted of the following: -31.9% from base revenues; 3.2% from acquisitions; and -3.4% from translation.  As noted earlier power systems and electronic segment base revenues declined 31.9% in Q1, a substantial decrease from Q4 when base revenues fell 10.8%. In welding which accounts for roughly three quarters of the segment revenues, falling industrial production demand globally drove total worldwide welding base revenues to -31% in Q1 with North American base revenues at -36% and international base revenues at -16%.  The PC board fabrication business saw its base revenue decline more than 50% as consumer demand for electronic products including popular cell phones and PDAs drop markedly in the quarter. The only bit of good news in this segment was the ground support equipment business which supply at the gate power units for commercial and military airport infrastructure type products. Base revenues grew 16% for these worldwide business units in Q1. Let’s move to the transportation segment; in Q1 segment revenues decreased 26.8% and operating income fell 118.7%. Operating margins of -4% were 19.5 percentage points lower than the year ago period largely due to unprecedented declines in Q1 North American and International car builds. More on that later. Base margins declined 14.7 percentage points in the quarter with restructuring and translation accounting for 3.1 percentage points and 2 percentage points of dilution respectively. The 26.8% revenue decrease consisted of the following: -35.5% from base revenues; 15.6% contribution from acquisitions; and -7% from translation. As noted, segment revenues here declined 35.5% in Q1 versus a base revenue decrease of 20.3% in Q4. As noted earlier, the explanation was simple both the North American and international auto builds reached extraordinary low levels in Q1. Our North American automotive base revenues declined 46% in Q1 as North American auto builds which includes both Detroit three and new domestic production fell 51%. Detroit three build actually declined 54% in Q1 with GM down 59%, Ford down 49% and Chrysler down 65%.  New domestic builds fell 45% in the quarter. Internationally the build environment was also problematic. Our automotive international base revenues declined 44% in Q1 as total European car production fell a similar 44%. Key European OEMs struggled with builds in Q1, Renault was down 51%, GM Group down 48%, [inaudible] Group down 44%, Fiat down 39%, Ford Group down 38% and VW Group down 32%. Looking ahead our CSM auto build tracking service is now predicting some modest improvement in Q2 builds both in North America and internationally with Q2 North American builds down approximately 40% and international builds down approximately 32%. This is versus Q2 2008. The only symbol of some good news in this segment was our automotive aftermarket business which saw base revenues decline only 10% in Q1.  Moving to food equipment which was our strongest performing segment in the quarter, segment revenues declined 15.4% and operating income fell 37.4%. Operating margins of 10.1% were 3.6 percentage points lower than the year ago period mainly as a result of the base margin dilution of 2.8 percentage points. The 15.4% decrease in revenues consisted of the following: -9.2% for base; 1.3% contribution from acquisitions; and -7.5% for translation.  Food equipments base revenues decreased 9.2% in Q1 versus base revenue growth of 1.7% in Q4. The decline in Q1 revenues was attributed to further weakening in both North American and International customer demands for equipment. In Q1 total food equipment North America base revenues declined 14%. Notably, institutional based revenues were down 18% as customers representing airports, universities, hospitals and casual dining restaurants deferred equipment orders in the quarter. The service portion of the business was also impacted modestly as base revenues declined 3%. Internationally base revenues fell 6% with European food equipment declining 5% in the quarter.  Moving next to construction products; in Q1 segment revenues fell 33.1% and operating income declined 121.9%. Operating margins of -3.4% were 13.8 percentage points lower than the year ago period mainly as a result of 9.5 percentage point declines in base margins, a three percentage point decrease due to translation and a 1 percentage point decline due to restructuring. The 33.1% decrease in revenues consisted of the following: -21.2% from base revenues; 0.6% contribution from acquisition; and -12.5% from translation. Looking further at the construction segment worldwide base revenues decreased 21.2% in the quarter compared to a 14.6% decline in Q4 and the main drivers of the more negative sequential results encompass both North American and International end markets. North American base revenues fell 31% in Q1 with residential based revenues down 43%.  These housing related numbers come as no surprise given the fact that housing starts declined approximately 50% in Q1 versus the year ago period. In our other North American construction category our commercial construction based revenues declined 32% versus a decrease of 51% in the latest Dodge Commercial Construction Index which is based on square footage through March of ’09.  Finally, our renovation based revenues fell 18% in the quarter largely due to weakness at the big box stores. Internationally, construction activity weakened worldwide. Total construction fell 20% in Q1 with Europe down 29% and Asia Pacific down a more modest 5%.  Moving to polymers and fluids, in Q1 segment revenues decreased 2.9% and operating income fell 246.7%. That number obviously impacted by the impairment. Operating margins of -20.8% were 34.5 percentage points lower than the year ago period mainly as a result of 24.3 percentage points of dilution due to impairment, 4.3 percentage points of base margin dilution and 3.6 percentage points of dilution due to acquisitions. The 2.9% decrease in revenues consisted of -16.9% from base revenues; 23.7% contribution from acquisitions; and -9.7% from translation. Looking a little closer at polymers and fluids, segment revenues declined 16.9% in Q1 versus a decrease of 7.9% in Q4. Again, the sequential weakening of revenues reflect a further fall of in industrial production rates in both North America and international locals as well as slowing in demand from a wide array of MRO products. Worldwide polymer based revenues declined 18% in Q1 with North America down 22% and international down 15% and worldwide fluid based revenues decreased 20% in the quarter with North America down 25% and international down 16%. Finally our all other segment in Q1 segment revenues declined 15.4% and operating income fell 46.9%. Operating margins of 11.1% were 6.6 percentage points lower than the year ago period largely due to 4.4 percentage points of base margin dilution, 1 percentage point of acquisition dilution and 0.5 percentage points of dilution associated with restructuring. The 15.4% decrease in revenues consisted of -18.9% base revenues; 8.7% contribution from acquisitions; and -5.1% from translation.  As noted the all other segment produced based revenue decline of 18.9% versus a decrease of 7.5% in Q4. This segment principally consisted of four major categories: test and measurement; consumer packaging; finishing; and industrial appliance products. All four categories saw further weakening of base revenue performance in Q1 versus Q4. More specifically test and measurement, worldwide base revenues declined 13% in Q1 versus growth of 3% in Q4. This sequential decline was a result of both a weakening cap ex spending in North America, Europe and Asia.  The consumer packaging worldwide base revenues totaled -15% in Q1 versus -8% in Q4 as weakening demand for graphics, decorating and marketing businesses outweighed positive performance by the zip pack consumer packaging business. In the finishing area worldwide base revenues fell 24% in Q1 versus a base revenue decline of 8% in Q4 and in Q1 North America finishing was down 33% and international finishing was down 22%. Finally, industrial appliance products worldwide base revenues declined 28% in the quarter versus a base revenue decrease of 15% in Q4 but worldwide appliance subcategory base revenues decreased 24% in the quarter as housing starts and renovation activity continued to weaken in the quarter.  Now, at this point I’ll turn it back over to Ron who will take you through the second quarter 2009 forecast.
Ronald D. Kropp : As a result of the ongoing broad based weakness we have limited long term visibility to the worldwide end markets therefore, at this time we are limiting our forecast to just the second quarter of 2009. For the second quarter we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.25 to $0.37. The low end of this range assumes a 28% decrease in total revenues from 2008 and the high end of the range assumes a 23% decrease. The midpoint of this EPS range of $0.31 would be 67% lower than 2008.  Given the economic situation a more relevant comparison maybe to the first quarter of 2009. The second quarter 2009 forecasted revenues would be higher versus the first quarter by a range of 5% to 11% and the second quarter EPS would be higher than the first quarter by 47% to 118%.  Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, restructuring costs of $50 to $70 million for the second quarter which compares to $33 million for the first quarter, net non-operating expense in a range of $35 to $40 million for the second quarter and a tax rate range between 24.75% and 25.25% for the second quarter.  I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier : We’ll open the call to your questions. We’ll ask once again very politely to please honor our one question, one follow up question policy. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley: First question I guess would be whether you have given any guidance to your units or whether they’ve conveyed up to you sort of what level of business they’re trying to size for? It’s sort of a question of how much of the downturn is inventory or not but, obviously you can make some cuts that would impair future growth or you can believe that there’s no future growth for a while and you can cut deeper. So, I guess that’s the question if you’re able to address it.
David B. Speer : Rob, we’ve been at this from a sizing standpoint here for the last three quarters in a number of our businesses and in auto and construction even longer. It’s not a perfect science, it’s hard to give you a precise answer to your question but clearly as we approached 2009 as I think we’ve shared with you folks in the past, we were looking at a first quarter that we felt was going to be down 16% in our base businesses and as Ron just told you as he went through the numbers it was closer to 24% so clearly a 50% lower activity level than what we had projected. So, we entered the year with businesses collectively looking at their own markets but, overall that was what we were expecting so clearly during the quarter we took further restructuring measures as a result of looking at even weaker activity levels. It’s hard to predict how weak some of those activity levels will be going forward as John pointed out with the auto data as an example. The first quarter was clearly a significantly lower quarter, the second quarter looks to be somewhat better.  So, sizing the business in this environment is not a very accurate science. I can tell you that we’ve made adjustments based on what we expect now to be lower operating levels than what we had originally projected for Q2 and frankly, for Q3 and Q4 it’s not even appropriate for us to comment at this moment because until we get through Q2 it’s hard to predict what those quarters will look like. But, the last three months we have seen base business declines in the 20% plus categories so the numbers have been similar from January through March although the differences is among segment and between domestic and international have been somewhat different. So, we’ve clearly spent a significant amount of money in restructuring the last two quarters. Between the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter of this year we’ve spent over $60 million and we’re targeting to spend another $60 million during the second quarter.  So, we continue to allow our businesses to determine what the right balance is between restructuring and investing in the long term and we really use the bottoms up approach in generating these restructuring projects.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley: As a follow up I guess if I can ask it, can ‘010 earnings be up from ’09? And, if so, will it be because you’ve restructured and you’re actually aiming to be profitable at this business level or will it be because the markets come back?
David B. Speer : Well, it’s clearly difficult to give any view of ‘010 in terms of any finite numbers but clearly I would expect with what we have done in restructuring and with what I would anticipate to be, albeit modest summer coverage in end markets in 2010, I would certainly expect earnings in 2010 to be greater. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The revenue guidance, the up 5% to 11%, what does that impute to with respect to the base business range? What kind of base business are you expecting in the second quarter?
Ronald D. Kropp : Low 20s. 
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is there kind of any material difference in base business versus the trend or no?
Ronald D. Kropp : I think the way to think of it is, it is up from the first quarter 5% to 11% sequentially or it would be but, if you look at just the last half of the first quarter it’s more in a range of 0% to 6% above that last half because the first half of the quarter was typically lower in the January and December time frame for international that falls in our first quarter.
David B. Speer : There’s also a larger translation headwind in the second quarter as well, 10%.
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But basically the question really is if you factor in sort of those sorts of data and just the comparisons is base business stabilizing or is it getting a little bit better, a little bit worse, how should we think about that?
David B. Speer : John, I think the way to think about it overall is that the numbers the last two months have been pretty consistent but it’s made up of a lot of moving parts. So, while auto improved in March over February, other businesses decreased from February to March. But, the overall numbers the last two months have been in that 22% to 24% range in terms of base so from that standpoint we haven’t seen any further declines.  I would expect that based on what we’re seeing in some of the end markets that we would expect to see as our second quarter outlook suggests, some modest improvement in these end markets but still on a comp basis compared to the second quarter of last year the comps on a base business basis would actually be higher. 
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I understand this, seasonally your second quarter is traditionally a little bit stronger so you’re saying that trend is likely to continue. If you look at the year-over-year deltas they’re kind of in the same zone, is that fair?
David B. Speer : That’s a fair statement. 
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Although you said David you thought auto is going to get a little bit better so I’m just wondering if that was material enough to sort of uplift the whole thing?
David B. Speer : No, I was just using auto as an example of something that’s gotten better in the last couple of months but no, auto alone is not significant enough to raise the whole [inaudible].
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Then my follow up then is really just a question on variable contribution margins. I think on the base again, these are just your numbers, it looks like it was down about 39% year-over-year. So, what does that number kind of in the second quarter? What sort of variable detrimental margins if you will, are you expecting on base business? Are you expecting it to get better, worse, constant?
Ronald D. Kropp : I think pretty similar, maybe slightly better given the level of restructuring we’ve had but definitely in the less than 40% range. I mean detrimental we’re talking about here so less is better. So, a little bit better than 39%. 
John Inch – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: When you say a little bit better you mean is it better than 30%?
David B. Speer : No, no, no maybe a point or two better. Maybe 35% or 36% not 30%.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Henry Kirn – UBS.
Henry Kirn – UBS: A quick question on the destocking, where are we with distributor and [OEM] destocking at this point?
David B. Speer : That’s a great question, I’m still looking for the answer myself Henry. I would say that clearly in some businesses we know that the inventory is not really in the pipeline. I would say that is true in our residential construction businesses. We know that there has not been inventory in the pipeline for some time so that’s really not been an inventory correction scenario. Some of the later cycle businesses like our welding businesses we suspect we’re still seeing destocking going on. In fact, we know that by comparing with some of our larger channel partners what their end sale activity is versus their purchases from us. So, we know there’s still a disconnect there. I would suspect that it’s probably given that some of those later cycle businesses only really began to decline towards the later part of the fourth quarter that we’re probably going to see some continued destocking in the first month or so of the second quarter. I would think overall though here certainly in North America we would have to begin to see that destocking activity really come to an end sometime really during the second quarter.  The international markets, Europe in particular it started later, I’m sure that it’s going to take a little longer for that to work through the system but it would be I suspect less material impact by the second half of the second quarter if you will than what we’ve been seeing.
Henry Kirn – UBS: Could you talk a little bit about pricing power across your end markets? Are you competitors behaving rationally or are you seeing spots where folks are discounting?
David B. Speer : Well you see obviously in any of these kinds of markets with the kind of displacements we’ve seen you see a variety of activity. You see some that are making pricing decisions in order to move inventory. We’ve discovered that in order to move inventory you have to actually have an order so the time to cut prices is not then. I think really what we’re seeing overall is generally price stability in most of our markets. In fact, during the quarter we gained about 150 basis points on the price cost scenarios. So, costs have come down more rapidly than prices have so I think that’s pretty much what we have seen across our businesses.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company: A question on the auto, the transportation business in the quarter it looks like you guys actually outperform the unit build by about 10 percentage points and is that something we ought to expect to continue in the second quarter?
Ronald D. Kropp : I think the out performance was more like five or six points.
David B. Speer : But on a percentage basis he’s right.
Ronald D. Kropp : On a percentage basis yes.
David B. Speer : Mark, I would say that our typical performance from a penetration standpoint is in the four to five point range and I think that’s probably more typical. I think it is very dependent on what vehicles get built during the quarter and I would not suggest that the 10 point gains that we saw are what I would dial in for the year. I think more typical is in the five point range.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company: Then just kind of stepping back, the overall decision to withdraw guidance for the year here, there’s been a couple of comments and discussions already about how the business you know maybe stabilized is the wrong word if you can apply that to down 20% but if the last three months you’ve had a relatively consistent pace of decline each month why pull the guidance? Why not conclude that possibly the year stays down 20%. Is it that the potential range would have been just so broad to not be valuable or do you actually think things could further weaken from here?
David B. Speer : Well, I think you’ve answered the question in what you just said there, it could weak from here, it could strengthen from here. It’s hard enough to look at the quarter let alone begin to look at what the year might yield. I would expect that if the trend we have built in to our second quarter outlook in fact come true in the revenue line then we will be able to say we’ve seen some stability in some of these end markets and perhaps we’ll be in a better position to look further ahead but at this point it’s very difficult to look further forward. You may recall that only in January we were talking about auto builds that were expected to be in the 10 million range and by the end of February we were talking about auto builds that were in the eight million auto range. So, pretty hard to put together a very accurate forecasting around these end markets as they continue to be volatile and adjust as quickly as they have.  So, it’s really a question of visibility and as you know we traditionally provided annual guidance and I think when we see enough stability in the end markets to be able to look at activity levels with some levels of confidence we’ll certainly return to doing that.
Ronald D. Kropp : I would also add Mark that unlike many companies, we’ll still be providing you with monthly updates so we can confirm on the off months the quarterly guidance that we’re giving you so I think that should give you at least some quasi direction in terms of what might be happening longer term.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company: That stability you’re looking for would that be something across the board or is there like one or two key indicators that really you focus on?
David B. Speer : I’d be looking for it to be reasonably across our various segments. You know, we may see some stability in one or two segments before we see it in all of our segments so I wouldn’t want to predict exactly what it’s going to take but it’s going to take overall more stability in terms of market outlooks than what we clearly have today.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: My first question I just wanted to follow up on I think an earlier one. David, you mentioned that when you mentioned EPS for 2010 could possibly be up you talked about some markets possibly being up, so which ones do you anticipate to sort of trend up first? Then, if you could just walk me through we talked about you had I think $33 million in restructuring in Q1 and will see another $60 or so in the second quarter, I’m just trying to think about how I should think about those cost savings as we roll in to the second half of the year and the implications for ‘010? We can make our own assumptions on what the markets will do!
David B. Speer : I think if I were to talk about end markets that I would expect to see improvements in ’010 I mean obviously it may be a bit premature to put any range on those but I would expect that with an 8 million vehicle build in the US as an example and a 15 million vehicle build in Europe this year, that we would expect to see some upside in those markets as an example. We’ve said in our original discussion about 2009 when asked about what we saw in terms of timing for an industrial recovery that we didn’t believe that would occur to sometime mid next year. I think that’s probably likely as well.  So, I would expect based on what we would expect to see in terms of cyclical recovery that we would begin to see a number of end markets respond with more favorable conditions. But, we’ve also said that we don’t expect this to be a very fast and dramatically upward recovery in a lot of these end markets. I think it’s going to be a much slower recovery, the slope of the curve will be much different than it was clearly going in to these downturns and so I think the improvements while I expect them to be modest improvements, I think they’ll be by the middle of next year much more broad based than just a handful of markets that we might see towards the end of the year. As it relates to the restructuring numbers, clearly the reason for a bigger number in the second quarter is particularly a number of our international businesses are adjusting to the new realities of their end market demands. That’s clearly true in Europe and to some extent in the Asia Pacific regions and we continue with some of our later cycle businesses here to really resize the businesses based on what looks like different activity levels and what they began their planning scenarios with this year. I don’t know Ron whether you have any other comments you’d like to add to that?
Ronald D. Kropp : I think the way to think about the savings is typically we’re able to do better than a one-for-one payback on the spend. So, if you look at the fourth quarter of ’08 and the first quarter of ’09 that’s $65 million or so spend so you’re probably looking north of that for the 2009 benefit and obviously there will be benefit around the $60 million spend in the second quarter but not a full years worth.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Casey – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Andrew Casey – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: A question on the industrial packaging, just within that have you seen any rate of decline moderation for North American consumables?
David B. Speer : No, we have not so far Andy. If you look at the key end markets that we highlight when we talk about the business here certainly if you talk about the metals market, the steel and aluminum markets primarily, those markets are clearly well down. Those markets as you know serve key end customers like automotive and appliance markets and those markets are well down. The second big category for them are building materials, lumber, brick block, pavers, etc., those markets are also well off. So, we’ve seen no significant improvement in consumable demand and obviously not on the equipment side either. In the general industrial markets we’ve likewise have continued to see declines there although not at the same rate as obviously the metals and the construction markets. 
Andrew Casey – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Lastly, could you possibly give us an update on the progress for the divestitures?
David B. Speer : Sure, let me give you a quick update on where we are at. As you know, we have several businesses held in the discontinued operations category. The Click Commerce software business is the first one that I would talk about. We’ve been at that process now in terms of divestiture I guess now for probably about three months in terms of actively marketing the business. We are in the final rounds of discussions with several potential buyers at the moment and if the timeline we have at the moment holds we would expect to divest that business sometime during the second quarter. On the decorative surfaces group, that process has been much slower. It required audited financial statements given its size and significance which we are just finalizing now with the auditors. Obviously, the market conditions since we announced this in August have changed significantly so over the next several months we will be accessing the market conditions and see what kind of process we think we can actually run with those businesses and we’ll make a determination based on that as to how we proceed and what the likely outcomes are.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Dowd – Bernstein. 
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein: Can you spend some time talking about the acquisition pipeline if you’re seeing any activity in any particular areas or what kind of areas you’re seeing it in?
David B. Speer : Dan, we have not really seen any significant improvement first of all. As you saw from the data that Ron talked to earlier we did six deals for $75 million in the first quarter. The pipeline right now in total is under $300 million in size. To put that in perspective, this time last year it was about four times that size so the same phenomena we reported when we talked about fourth quarter in the pipeline as we look at this year continues and that is that a lot of potential sellers have clearly either decided to push back from the table or are reevaluating all together whether they want to be in the market selling at this moment. We’ve not seen any significant change in that regard. The acquisitions that we’ve done in the quarter we did two in the industrial packaging space and several others spread around different groups so there’s been no significant areas. Obviously, as you can see from the numbers, none of them were large individual transactions. The outlook for the second quarter in terms of the pipeline remains roughly the same as what we saw in the first quarter. It might be modestly better but again, too early to predict any precision on the numbers. So, no material change I would say is the best way to sum up what we see in the pipeline at the moment.
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein: So if we assume that the pipeline remains as slow in Q2 and probably in Q3 as you’re seeing now and potentially the Click Commerce deal closes, what would you have to see in the macro economy or in your specific order book to make you think about or review your options for the cash on the balance sheet or the cash that will be building up?
David B. Speer : Well, I think as we’ve said all along Dan we’re clearly interested from an acquisition standpoint, that is a definitely preferred use of free cash. Obviously, we’re opportunistic in terms of how we look at those acquisitions and valuation discipline. So, we have to have ready and willing sellers on the other side of the table to be able to transact. With that said, I’m not worried about accumulating cash in this environment because I do believe that at some point whether it’s in the third quarter or the fourth quarter or maybe even early next year, this acquisition environment is in fact going to change. It’s clear that there are going to be a whole host of sellers in the market that due to lots of different reasons reality sets in-in terms of earnings potential, perhaps lenders set in-in terms of their willingness to renew lines of credit. There will be lots of different circumstances that I think will create a much more robust environment and we’re going to be patient and be ready to react when in fact that happens. We’ve got a laundry list if you will, of targets we’d love to be able to transact going forward and I think as the market improves and as those assets become available we’re going to be ready to move. So, I think that any storage of cash in my view from an acquisition standpoint is not going to be a long term issue for us.
Ronald D. Kropp : The other thing that I would add is that one of the reasons we decided to take advantage of the credit markets this quarter and issue some bonds was to give ourselves the flexibility longer term for acquisitions as the market frees up. 
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein: I assume, the way you’ve stated your policy on dividends it’s about a trailing net income, that would imply given what’s happened to net income that your dividends are heading down. But, I assume with this level of cash build up you’re not anticipating any changes to the dividend?
David B. Speer : Well, our dividend policy is based on a trailing two year look so the real dramatic decline in earnings is a 2009 phenomena which means that would that would have a 2010 impact as we evaluate it. That’s certainly not me signaling any suggested change in the dividend. We’re comfortable with the cash flows and the dividend rate we have at the moment. We’ve made no decisions around changing that and we evaluate our dividend policy annually, our dividend payout and I expect that as we do that again this year we’d expect to see the normal approach that we’ve used in a similar outcome. I would not signal anything that would suggest that because of the weaker operating environment that we’re making any decision about changing our dividend approach.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Can you just talk for a second maybe Ron about this assets held for sale line because I see year-over-year its risen a lot. Is there anything else in there besides Click Commerce and the decorative surfaces business? And maybe, how do you account for the values of the properties in there also?
Ronald D. Kropp : So, the way discontinued operations accounting works is you classify the assets held for sale for the businesses that are considered for sale and you don’t necessarily go back and restate the prior period. So, if you’re looking back at this time last year on the balance sheet you have to remember the biggest piece in there is the decorative services group the [inaudible] business and that became part of discontinued operations in the third quarter of 2008. So, that would not be included in the numbers if you look a year ago there.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Is this your best guess at realizable value today or is this just what sort of the asset values of the businesses are?
Ronald D. Kropp : It’s the historical costs basis of asset values. The only adjustments you make for value is if your cost basis is higher than what you expect to get from a proceeds perspective.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Then just a quick to drill in to the food business a little bit, can you talk about if you’re seeing any potential positive impacts in the food segment from some of your competitors becoming so levered?
David B. Speer : No, we have not seen any significant change if you’re talking about on the competitive front, no. Obviously, I’m not spending a lot of time focused on what our competitors’ numbers look like but certainly we’re pleased with given the environment what we’ve been able to accomplish in those businesses. The services volume as Ron pointed out was down 3% in the quarter here in North America. We have seen service push back as some customers have delayed doing service all together but clearly at -3% compared to the end markets, that’s a pretty good outcome but, I can’t say that we’ve seen any significant change in the competitive profile in the markets certainly in the last 90 days. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan: Can I dig a little bit more in to restructuring and can you help me figure out for the monies that you’ve spent what percent of your workforce have you reduced or intend to reduce or can you give me absolute numbers? I’m just trying to keep track of the percent of headcount reduction?
David B. Speer : Yes, absolute numbers would be tough to give you but if you look at it on sort of a global headcount basis at this point in our restructuring over the last probably six to nine months we have probably reduced our headcount somewhere in the 2,500 to 3,000 range. As a percentage it’s hard to give you a precise percentage because our numbers also include acquired businesses which have brought in a significant number of employees to our overall headcount. So, I can’t really give you a precise answer looking at it on quite that basis Ann.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan: And looking forward then with the monies you’re going to spend this quarter, you’ve spent about roughly $60 million and you’re going to spend roughly another $60 million. Should we conclude that the headcount reduction will be somewhere in the order of magnitude of 5,000 to 6,000 total by the time we get done?
David B. Speer : Yes, probably by the time we get done that’s reasonable, yes. About 75% to 80% of the restructuring dollars are related to people related expenses. So, that’s a pretty good measure.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan: And that’s exactly what I wanted to follow up on, of the 25% to 15%, the remaining spend are you taking permanent capacity out at this point or are you still kind of running at sub optimum capacity utilization levels in the hope that when these cycles turn they’ll go back to where they were or do you think some of these industries, let’s take automotive for example that it’s never going to go back to 18 million par and so you’re permanently right sizing some of these businesses? Can you just give me some color on that, that would be great.
David B. Speer : We’ve done some of all of that Ann, some of this is capacity that we basically have moth balled. In other words we haven’t rid ourselves of the capacity but we’ve basically put it moth balls with the expectation that we’ll be able to use it again in the future. We’re not clear when that future is but we feel comfortable enough that we think we’ll need it. In other cases we have made permanent capacity reductions. We are not of the belief that the US auto market is going to return to 17 or 18 million vehicle builds anytime soon and so we’re not making our planning scenarios around anything that would look like that.  I just use that as an example of an end market that clearly we don’t expect to return to those kinds of levels. In some cases these are short term adjustments, in other cases as we get more clarity around where we think the end markets will end up over the next several years we’ll make longer term decisions so it’s really a combination. I would say the majority of what we have done has been more downsizing the labor force to utilize the capacities that we have meaning that we’ve moth balled more capacity than what we’ve retired. 
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan: Just real quick, you’ve always given us some good color on the challenges facing some of your customers and particularly your small customers, I mean you were one of the firsts to talk about the lack of private availability out there for example for food equipment customers. Can you give us any color on what you’re seeing out there now? Have you seen any opening up of private to some of these smaller customers?
David B. Speer : I think inside the smaller to medium size customer base maybe some modest improvement in credit but not significant. There’s clearly still a significant fear factor in those markets. They were clearly displaced for a period of time in terms of having access to the credit lines that they thought they had so some of them have over reacted and are now storing cash and are making decisions around working capital that you would not make in a normal business environment. So, while I think availability maybe improved modestly the reaction of the segment is still very, very hand to mouth in terms of how people are thinking of investing in those segments today. So, I think there’s still a high degree of nervousness. If you look across the housing market, clearly the foreclosure issue still has not been effectively addressed and I think until that gets effectively addressed we’re going to continue to see big concerns about what happens with housing values. The end market numbers in terms of starts and permits, they have stabilized at a relatively low level. I say stabilized they bounced around between the high 400s and the mid 500s for the last four months but I don’t see us getting any significant improvement in those markets until we see some real fundamental improvement in the foreclosure process. We’re still seeing a lot of properties dumped on the market of distressed values which are driving down housing values. So, it’s kind of a viscous circle in some of those markets.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital: Historically you guys get kind of a seasonal lift in 2Q and then in the second half you’re sort of the same or maybe slightly down from there. It doesn’t sound like you guys are expecting a lot of help from end markets. Are there other things that would hit in that second half that alter that seasonal pattern meaningfully? I mean, is restructuring going to be a net benefit in the second half or what other moving parts are there to think about in that second half?
David B. Speer : Certainly as Ron pointed out the restructuring that we’ve done in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of this year will have impacts clearly in the second half of the year for sure. On the revenue side, it’s great to talk about seasonality and that’s something that we often would look at in a more normal environment but I would also point out that we had a significant decline in the first quarter from the fourth quarter and that’s not normally the trend. Hard to talk about any level of seasonality especially when you pour into the sort of granular details of some of these markets. I think our expectation in the second quarter is in terms of the modest lift we see is probably not so much about seasonality as it is that we’ve seen some signs we’d expect to see activity levels overall slightly better, but I would describe a whole lot of what we’re looking at as expectations of significant seasonal changes. Perhaps as we move through the second quarter, we’ll get a better look at that and we may have a different view when we approach the third quarter but I certainly wouldn’t look at any normal seasonal pattern in our numbers as anything we’d expect to see obviously this year.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital: The restructuring benefit in the second half, what did you say again about the high end? Are you going to be above the high end? How much P&L expense are we going to have for restructuring in the second half?
David B. Speer : We haven’t talked about the second half restructuring, we talked about the second quarter at $60 million. But clearly if you take the first quarter at $33 million and the second quarter at $60 million, we’ve already spent the upper end of what we have provided in our original guidance. I would expect that if we achieve the kind of numbers that we have put out for the second quarter, I would expect the restructuring in the second half of the year to be less than what we’re doing in the first half of the year but I wouldn’t be able to give you any precise look at that until we get a better handle on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: One quick clarification, you had a 7.3% I think foreign translation hit in the first quarter. Did you use 10% in the second quarter or the same number?
Ronald D. Kropp : No, I think it’s 10% or 10.2%. 10.2% for the second quarter, Eli.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: So you were having a bigger hit in the revenue numbers as a 10% number?
Ronald D. Kropp : Yes, the second quarter I believe was the peak in terms of currency valuation. The third quarter was pretty close. Second and third quarter we’d expect to be in that 10% plus range in terms of just The translation differences.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: Can we talk a little bit about both transportation and construction? Both of them lost money in the quarter. Can you look at volume levels in the second quarter, can we get to break even in those businesses in the second quarter or by the end of the year? More importantly, given as I said your 8 million cars and you’re not going back to 15 million plus so quickly, can that business get back to double digit margins in the next 12 or 18 months based on modest improvements in volume or does it really take to get back closer to prior levels to get to the double digit margins?
David B. Speer : I think a couple things. First of all yes we look at the transportation segment in particular the auto builds were the most dramatically declined, they were down more than 50% globally in the first quarter. Obviously we weren’t sized for that number one, and number two we don’t believe that’s the ongoing market demand. We think it’s modestly better than that as our Q2 numbers would suggest. We would clearly expect the transportation segment to return to profitability. I believe that’ll happen in Q2. In terms of being able to get back to double digit operating margins, certainly with this hole in the first quarter I wouldn’t expect that probably to happen this year. I think on a quarterly basis I would expect to see it happen during the year on an annual basis certainly in 2010. I think it’s a similar story on the construction side. I would expect that as we begin to see the construction volumes improve, the end market activities improve, that we’re going to see improvement in those numbers. These numbers are also impacted by a fairly significant spend in restructuring we have not recognized the benefits of yet which we’ll see in the latter part of the year. The answer to your question in both cases is I would expect them to be profitable for the year and I’d expect them to be able to return to double digit annual profits hopefully in the 2010 timeframe.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research: Just one follow up, with all the restructuring and acquisitions that you’ve made, is there another list of businesses you’re looking at internally that you may want to divest? You made $5 billion worth of acquisitions but are you taking a hard look at everything to see whether you should be increasing that pipeline of assets for sale?
David B. Speer : We do that as I think we’ve described in the past. It’s an annual process we go through. That process usually begins in the second quarter so we’ll go through that process again. We may well end up deciding that there are other assets that we think don’t fit long term but we haven’t made any of those decisions yet. But that typically is something we do in Q2, Q3.
David B. Speer : Kathy, this’ll be our last question.
Operator: At this time I show no further questions.
David B. Speer : We thank everybody for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John Brooklier – VP of IR David Speer – Chairman and CEO Ron Kropp – CFO
Analysts: Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities Henry Kirn – UBS Mark Koznarek – The Cleveland Research Andrew Casey – Wachovia Securities Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan John Inch – Merrill Lynch Daniel Dowd – Bernstein Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital  
Operator:  Good afternoon, and welcome to the ITW fourth quarter and year-end 2008 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I’d now turn the meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
John Brooklier:  Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2008 conference call. With me today is David Speer, our CEO and Ron Kropp, our CFO. Thanks for joining us. At this point, David will make some brief remarks about what was a very difficult fourth quarter and what we expect to be a very difficult 2009. David?
David Speer:  Thank you, John. There is no question the fourth quarter provided a challenging environment for most industrial companies and ITW is certainly included. We saw our North American and international end markets further deteriorate as the quarter progressed with accelerated declines in November and December. You may recall, those of you who were at our December 8 investor meeting in New York, we updated and lowered our fourth quarter forecast at that time and previewed our 2009 end market assumptions. It’s now clear the macro environment has weakened even further since that meeting. Later in this call, John will provide more specific macro and end market data when he reviews our operating segments. Looking ahead, the vital question is how will ITW respond to what we believe will be a challenging worldwide economy in 2009? You’ve seen from our 2009 forecast, we expect our total revenues to decline in a range of minus 6% to minus 12% with base revenues at a similar level for the year. Our full year 2009 forecast indicates at the mid point, a base revenue decline of 9% and an earnings decrease of 29%. Our forecast has no expectation of any significant end market in 2009. Though we can’t control our end markets, what we will focus on in 2009, is operating our company as efficiently and as effectively as possible while identifying and funding long term growth initiatives. Our decentralized close to the customer business units, our 80-20 business process, and our related toolbox programs, as well as our deep experienced management team will all play critical roles in the coming year positioning the company for the long term growth opportunities ahead. Another key area strength for us is our fundamentally sound capital structure. With target debt to cap in the range of 25% to 30%, with solid credit ratings, and with strong free operating cash flows, we have the flexibility to fund capital expenditures, dividends, and acquisitions as appropriate. You’ve may have noted that in the most recent quarter, we produced free cash flow to net income conversion rates of 218% for the fourth quarter and 123% for the full year 2008. And we strongly generated strong free cash flow in periods of economic downturns. In summary, we anticipate an extremely challenging 2009 but we believe that given our long track record and our strong financial and management resources, we’re well positioned to address the challenges ahead. John, back to you.
John Brooklier:  Thanks, David. Here’s the agenda for today’s call. Ron will join us in just a moment to cover Q4 financial highlights. I’ll then come back to talk about operating highlights for our reporting segments. Ron will then address our 2009 first quarter and full year earnings forecast as well as the associated assumptions. Finally, we’ll take your question. And as always, we ask for your cooperation for the one question, one follow up policy. We are targeting the completion time of one hour for today’s call. First, the usual housekeeping items. Please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including without limitations statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, operating income, income from continuing operations, diluted income per share from continuing operations, use of free cash, end market conditions, and the company's related forecast. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company’s expectations are set forth in our Form 10-Q for the 2008 third quarter and our form 10-K for 2007. Finally, before we get to Ron, the telephone replay for this conference call is 203-369-0593. No pass code is necessary. The playback number will be available through 12 midnight on February 12, 2009. And as always, you can access our conference call PowerPoint presentation via the itw.com Web site. Please link to the Investor Relations section and look for the Events Presentation tab. Now, let me introduce Ron Kropp, who will cover the financial highlights for the quarter. 
Ron Kropp:  Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everybody. The overall results for the fourth quarter were as follows. Revenues decreased 6% through the significantly lower base revenues and unfavorable currency translation. Operating income was down 33% and margins were lower by 450 basis points. Diluted income per share for continuing operations of $0.54 was 34% lower than last year. But with all of our previous forecast range, $0.44 to $0.52, primarily due to a lower tax rate, which added $0.04. In spite of the significantly lower income, free operating cash flow was strong at $509 million or more than double our net income. Now, let’s go to the details of our results. Our 5.9% revenue decrease was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenue was down 9.2%, which was unfavorable by 840 basis points versus the third quarter. We saw a significant weakness across most of our end markets and geographies. North American base revenues decreased 12.3%, which was significantly worse than the 2.1% decrease in the third quarter. International base revenues decreased 6.2%, which was 740 basis points lower than the third quarter. Europe decreased 8% while Asia Pacific only decreased 1%. Secondly currency translation decreased revenues by 4.5%, which was 920 basis points lower than the third quarter currency effect. Lastly, acquisitions added 7.8% to revenue growth, which was 90 basis points higher than third quarter 2008 acquisitions impact. Operating margins for the fourth quarter of 11.3% were lower than last year by 450 basis points. The base business margins were lower by 250 basis points primarily due to the lower sales volume. The effective price increases versus raw material cost had a minimal impact on base margins this quarter. In addition, the lower margins of acquired companies diluted margins by 90 basis points and higher restructuring costs reduced margins by 80 basis points. When I turn it back over to John, he’ll provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In our non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $14 million as a result of overall higher debt levels in 2008 versus 2007 partially offset by lower interest rates in commercial paper. Other non operating income expense was unfavorable versus the prior year by $19 million mainly due to lower investment income. The fourth quarter effective tax rate of 23.9% was lower than last year by 180 basis points. The full year 2008 tax rate of 27.75% was lower than the third quarter year-to-date rate of 28.5%. For the full year, the overall results were as follows. Revenues increased 6.7% due to acquisitions and the favorable impact of currency translations. Operating income was down 4.5% and margins were lower by 180 basis points. Diluted income per share for continuing operations of $3.04 was 1% lower than last year. And free operating cash flow was strong at $1.9 billion or 123% of net income. Turning to the details for the full year, our 6.7% revenue increase was primarily due to three factors. First, base revenue was down 2.5% with North America down 4.8% and international essentially flat. Second, currency translation increased revenues by 2.8% with the favorable effect of the first three quarters of the year being partially reversed in the fourth quarter. Lastly, acquisitions added 6.5% throughout the growth. Operating margins for the year of 14.7% are lower than last year by 180 basis points. The base business margins were lower by 90 basis points primarily due to the lower sales volume. In addition, the lower margins of acquired companies diluted margins by 70 basis points and higher restructuring costs reduced margins by 20 basis points. On the balance sheet, total invested capital decreased $1.2 billion from the third quarter primarily due to currency translation as a result of strengthening of the US dollar versus most of our major currencies. Accounts receivable DSO was 59.4 days versus 64.7 at the end of the third quarter. Inventory month on hand was 2.1 at the end of the quarter. For the fourth quarter, capital expenditures were $81 million appreciation with $83 million. ROIC declined 11.2% versus 17.3% last year as a result of lower based business income and the fluid [ph] impact of acquisitions. In the financing side, our debt increased $82 million from last quarter. Our debt to capital ratio increased at 32% from 28% last quarter primarily due to reduction of equity of $1.1 billion related to currency translation and pension adjustments. Excluding the impact of those equity adjustments, the debt to cap at year-end would have been at 29%. Shares outstanding at 12/31 were $490 million. Note that the impact of options typically add $2 million to $3 million shares at the diluted share calculation. Our cash position decreased $125 million in the fourth quarter as our free operating cash flow of $509 million was utilized for acquisitions of $223 million and dividends of $159 million. In addition, we spent $399 million in the quarter to repurchase 12.4 million shares under our ongoing open-ended program. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired ten companies in the fourth quarter which have annual revenues of $154 million. For the year, we completed 50 deals with acquired revenues of more than $1.5 billion. 2008 was the third consecutive year that we transacted 50 or more acquisitions. I will now turn it back over to John who’ll provide more details on our fourth quarter results.
John Brooklier:  Thank you, Ron. Before I comment on the segments, let’s share data which underlies the very troubling economic environment. If you recall, the data we talked about in our early December investor meeting in New York City, we anticipated 2009 base revenues in a range of minus 5% to minus 10%. Clearly, the macro data and end market trends have continued to deteriorate since that time. We are now expecting both of our 2009 total company revenues and base revenues to be in a range of minus 6% to minus 12%. Here’s the underlying data. North America industrial production ex-technology moved from minus 6.1 in October to minus 10.2 in December 2008. The ISM index also has trimmed it down from 36.2% in November to 32.4% in December. Notably, cap capacity utilization has dropped from 79.2% in December 2007 to 70.5% in December 2008. And both our North American auto builds down 26% in Q4 and US housing starts down 41% in Q4. We finished the quarter in far more negative territory than we expected some eight weeks ago. Internationally, the trends have moved in a similar negative direction. Euro-Zone industrial production moved from minus 2.2% in October 2008 to minus 6.9% in December 2008. The Euro-Zone purchasing managers index also has trimmed it down from 41.1% in October 2008 to 33.9% in December 2008. Euro-Zone capacity utilization has also declined to 81.6% in Q4 2008. Not surprisingly, European auto builds fell 16% in Q4. In summary, we expect many of these North American and international data points to continue to be negative in the first half of 2009. Now, refer to the next slide and review our fourth quarter reporting segment highlights beginning with Industrial Packaging segment revenues fell 9.2% in the quarter and operating income declined 50%. Operating margins of 6.8% were 550 basis points forward in the year ago period due to 370 basis points base margin dilution and 140 basis points of dilution due to restructuring. Translation also diluted margins 30 basis points. 9.2% drop in revenues consisted of the following, 5.7% from base, 2.4% from acquisitions, and minus 5.9% from translation. The industrial packaging segment’s Q4 base revenues, as noted, decreased 5.7% after posting base revenue growth of 5.2% in Q3. The differential decline of base revenues in due prints, which will notably fall off in North American demand for industrial packaging, especially consumable related strapping products. The North American industrial packaging businesses base revenues decline 12.3% in Q4 and international industrial packaging fell at a rate of 1.2% in the quarter. The only standout business in the segment continue to be the worldwide insulation unit, which produced base revenue growth of 24.5% in the quarter and as noted in previous quarters, this business provides energy-related insulation solutions for worldwide customers, including those in the refinery and natural gas plant sectors. Moving to the next segment, power systems and electronics. In the fourth quarter, segment revenues declined 9.6% and operating income fell 27.7%. Operating margins of 15.4% were 380 basis points lower than the prior year period with base margins declining 220 basis points and acquisitions diluting margins 130 basis points in the quarter. The 9.6% decrease in revenues consisted of the following, minus 10.8% from base revenues, 3.2% from acquisitions, and minus 1.9% from translation. The power systems and electronics segment base revenues as noted fell 10.8% in the quarter, which compared unfavorably to third quarter when segment base revenues actually grew 3.1%. The major contributor to base revenue decrease in Q4 was worldwide welding which saw base revenues decline 9%. Notably, North American welding fell 15.7% thanks largely to slowing in the construction and welding distribution end markets. International welding fared better in the quarter, growing 9.4% overall and 18.7% in Asia Pacific. The Asia Pacific growth is still being driven by demand in China for welding consumables and equipment for specialty markets such as energy, shipbuilding, and shipping containers. The other bit of good news in this segment, our brown power business which supplies at the gate power equipment for airplanes and commercial and military airports increased base revenues by 17.9% in the quarter. Moving towards transportation segment. In Q4, segment revenues decreased 4.7% and operating income fell a dramatic 82.1%. Operating margins of 3.1% were 1350 basis points lower than a year ago period due to unprecedented declines in North American and European auto production as well as dilution associated with acquisitions and restructuring. Base margins accounted for 910 basis points of dilution in the quarter. Acquisitions contributed 200 basis points of dilution while restructuring added another 170 basis points of dilution. The 4.7% decrease in revenues consisted of the following, minus 20.3% from base revenues, 19.8% from acquisitions, and minus 4.2% from translation. The transportation segment base revenues declined 20.3% in the quarter, which was dramatically more negative than the segment base revenue decrease of 9.6% in the third quarter. Both of our North American and international automotive businesses produced significantly lower base revenues in Q4 largely due to major cuts in auto builds. Our North American automotive base revenues declined 26.5% as North America combined Detroit three and new domestic builds fell a similar 26% in the quarter. By category, Detroit’s rebuilds were down 28% in Q4, with GM down 23%, Ford down 29%, and Chrysler down 37%. Even our new domestic builds declined 22% in Q4. This radically lower fourth quarter builds translates into full year 2008 builds of minus 16% for combined Detroit 3 and new domestics with Detroit three builds down 21% and with new domestic builds up – I’m sorry, builds down 8%. Internationally, the build environment was also problematic. Our Q4 automotive base revenue decline at 21.7% was a result of a 16% drop in auto builds in the quarter and negative penetration related to customer mix. Key international OEM builds in Q4 were as follows, GM Group down 39%, Renault Group down 24%, Fiat down 21%, BMW down 18%, PSA down 15%, and Ford down 14%. For full year, 2008 international auto production dropped 3%. Looking forward to prospects for 2009 North American and international auto builds continue to be difficult and currently we are estimating the 2009 total North American build to be somewhere in the vicinity of 10 million vehicles and that would represent a decline of 21% versus 2008. Internationally, we’re forecasting the build to be nearly 17 million vehicles or 20% lower than the prior year. The only somewhat good news in the transportation segment was our auto after market group business’ base revenues only declined 3.6% in the quarter. I’ll move forward to the construction product segment. In Q4, segment revenues fell 21.9% and operating income declined 51.6%. Segment results were impacted by the further weakening of fundamentals in a wide array of North American and international construction categories. Operating margins were 530 basis points lower than the year ago period as a result of 370 basis point decline in base margins and 80 basis point decline due to translation and a 50 basis point decline due to restructuring. The 21.9% decrease in revenues consisted of the following, minus 14.6% from base revenues, 0.4% from acquisitions, and minus 7.7% from translation. Breaking up construction segment worldwide base revenue decrease of 14.6% in Q4 that compared substantially to a substantial left negative base revenue decline of 4.4% in the third quarter. The main drivers of our more negative results come from both North American and international end markets. In North America, construction base revenues decline 23.4% in Q4 versus the base revenue decrease of 6.2% in Q3. In Q4, housing starts as well as commercial construction and renovation activity continued to decelerate. First, our residential construction base revenues declined 29% as housing starts fell 41% in Q4. Second, our commercial construction base revenues were down 16% in Q4 versus a 19% decline for the Dodge commercial index calculated on the square footage basis through December 2008. Finally, our renovation base revenues declined 19% in the quarter mainly due to Big Box stores pulling down inventories to match very weak consumer demand. Internationally, base revenues showed sequential slowing in Q4 versus Q3. Construction international base revenues declined 10.5% in Q4 versus a decrease of 3.2% in Q3. European base revenues were down 16.9% as construction declined over much of Europe. Asia Pacific base revenues declined 1.6% in Q4 as Asia activities slowed in North America – I should say, Australia, New Zealand base revenues were essentially flat. Moving to our next segment, food equipment. In Q4, segment revenues declined 4.1% while operating income grew an impressive 9.6%. Operating margins of 16.2% were 200 basis points higher than the year ago period thanks to 230 basis points of margin improvement. Restructuring diluted margins 40 basis points in the quarter. The components of the 4.1% decrease in revenues consisted of the following, 1.7% from base revenues, minus 1.9% from acquisitions, and minus 3.9% from translation. As noted earlier, food equipment’s worldwide base revenues grew 1.7% in the quarter, a reversal from Q3 when base revenues declined 1.7%. Base revenue expansion in Q4 was driven by international operations. Food equipment Europe’s base revenues grew 3% in the quarter while food equipment Asia increased base revenues 6.4%. In North America, total base revenues declined 70 basis points exclude institutional base revenues fell 4% in the quarter. Fundamentally, demand from institutional customers, such as casual dining restaurants to airports and universities, soften resulting in slowing equipment orders. In better news, the North American service unit grew base revenues 3.5%, while the retail units increased base revenues 6.7% in Q4. In our polymers and fluids segment, Q4 segment revenues increased 25.3% while operating income fell 11%. Operating margins of 11.1% were 450 basis points lower than the year ago period thanks to base margins declining 210 basis points and acquisitions diluting margins 210 basis points. The 25.3% increase in segment revenues consisted of the following, minus 7.9% from base revenues, 38.2% from acquisitions, and minus 5.3% from translation. The polymers and fluids segment base revenues decline 7.9% in the quarter as noted. Base revenues, which were negative across all product and geographic categories in the quarter showed significant sequential slowing from Q3 when base revenues grew at a rate of 3.5%. Most of our businesses in this segment are tied to industrial end markets including MRO repair and by-product worldwide polymers base revenues fell 7.8% and worldwide fluids declined 8% in Q4. By geography, base revenues for polymers decreased 9.1% internationally and fell 5.4% in North America. Base revenues for fluids declined 14.7% in North America and 4.6% internationally. And finally, in our all other segment, segment revenues declined 2.3% in operating income throughout 16.5%. Operating margins of 15.4% were 260 basis points lower than the year ago period. Base margins dropped 120 basis points in the quarter. Acquisitions diluted margins 60 basis points and restructuring diluted margins another 60 basis points. The 2.3% decline in segment revenues consisted of the following, minus 7.5% from base revenues, 8.5% from acquisitions, and minus 3.3% from translation. Moving to the next slide, in Q4, all of the all other segment produced the base revenue decline of 7.5% versus the decrease of 0.7% in Q3. The segment principally consists of four major reporting categories, test and measurement, consumer packaging, finishing, and industrial appliance products. The breakup for each of these categories in Q4 were as follows, test and measurement worldwide base revenues increased 3% in Q4 largely as a result of the group’s Asian operations. In the consumer packaging area, worldwide base revenues declined 7.6% as weakening demand for graphics spoils the marking products offset growth from a Hi-Cone, Multi-Pack and Zip-Pack specialty consumer packaging businesses. The finishing sub category of worldwide base revenues go 8.3% as falling demand for the industrial paint spray product both in North America and internationally offset growth in the Gima businesses, which provide special equipment for European and Asian customers. And finally, the industrial appliance products worldwide base revenues declined 14.5% due to slackening demand and related double-digit declines in the appliance area in particular. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Ron, who will cover the 2009 first quarter and full year earnings forecast.
Ron Kropp:  We are forecasting the full year diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $1.84 to $2.48. The low end of this range assumes a 12% decrease in total revenues and a high end of the range assumes a 6% decrease. The mid point of the CPS range of $2.16 would be 29% lower than 2008. For the first quarter of ’09, our forecast and earnings range $0.26 to $0.42 diluted income per share from continuing operations. The total revenue decline expected to be in a range of 11% to 17%. The midpoint of this range at $0.34 per share would be 51% lower than the first quarter of 2008. Other assumptions included in this forecast are, exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues in the range of $400 to $600 million, no share repurchases currently planned for the year, restructuring costs of $60 to $100 million, net non operating expense which includes both interest and other non operating income expense, in a range of $90 to $100 million for the year, which is favorable versus 2008 by $47 to $57 million, and a tax rate in the range of 27.75% to 28.25% for both the first quarter and the full year. I now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John Brooklier:  We now open the call for questions. I remind you one more time, we ask for one question and one follow up per person.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. 
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse:  Hi. Good morning. 
David Speer:  Jamie, good afternoon.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse:  Oh, I’m sorry. Good afternoon. It’s been a long day already.
David Speer:  Yes, it is.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse:  My first question, you guys gave your initial take at the NLS [ph] meeting in December, sort of bi-market, what you were forecasting in terms of industrial packaging power systems. My first question, can you give us your updated view on those markets? And then my second follow up question, you talked about acquisition revenues for 2009. I think it was forecasted at a $460 million range. That was a little wider than I expected. I sort of assumed you’d be more aggressive in this type of market environment, so if you could just give me your updated thought there.
David Speer:  Jamie, let me answer the question on the end markets. I’ll give you three or four maybe to put flavor in it. But certainly, what we have seen, as John pointed out in his segment highlights, is a continued deterioration in the macro data. In auto as an example, when we were together in New York in early December, we were projecting the auto build to be down to the 12% to 14% range. It now appears that the auto build will be down globally – internationally, that is Europe and North America, in the 20% range, so significant declines since we met in December. We talked about housing at that time in North America. We were projecting somewhere in the 700,000 to 750,000 range. If you saw the numbers from December, the December actual came at an annualized rate of under 600. They were at 550. So we expect the housing range now to be more in the 600 perhaps 700 range. So certainly weaker there. John noted the industrial production numbers. We talked about industrial production. We met with data that was through October, which was minus 6%, the final number for the year. And North America came in at minus 10%. So clearly, all of these industries have continued to show a continuing decline. And we have certainly seen that in the numbers that we experienced in the fourth quarter you saw in our reported results and certainly don’t anticipate any significant improvement in the near term. Certainly, the first quarter is the most difficult quarter from a comparable standpoint. And the trends that we’ve seen so far, early yet in the year, would indicate that we’re going to continue to see these kinds of declines in those key markets. Your question on acquisitions, yes. The range is about half of what the range was as we entered 2008. And it’s really reflective of what we think is occurring in the environment at the moment, which is I think, as we noted in New York, we have seen the activity levels from a seller standpoint pull back as clearly the market has moved to a low. And most sellers don’t want to sell at this point in the market. My suspicion is that we’ll see some improvement in this as the year unfolds. But with what we see today, and that’s really how we strike our number for the year, by looking at our pipeline, that’s what we realistically would assume based on current activity levels. If we see a change in the market, clearly, we update those numbers quarterly and we’ll reflect that. But based on what we see today that’s why we have a relatively small number by comparison to 2008 actual.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse:  Thanks. I’ll go back to you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten of Longbow Securities. You may ask your question.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities:  Good afternoon. Nice job in a tough environment. One specific question on the outlook, not much in numbers, but with automotive down so far and construction down so far, and probably not recovering so quickly, have you looked at whether you have to size or restructure your operations at all to a new longer term environment? And at the same time, with all the big acquisitions that you’ve made, is there any impairment charges that have to be looked at given the change in market values and change of financial conditions that occurred.
David Speer:  Eli, let me answer the restructuring question. I’ll ask Ron to answer your question on impairment. We have been restructuring all along, and certainly the auto and construction businesses would be at the top of the list as those markets, as you know, have been in a decline now for – this will be four years. We have been trying to size our businesses along the way. Clearly, what we saw in Q4 and the data that we now see from both of those markets, more particularly probably in auto, has changed dramatically. So yes. In fact we are in the process of continuing to right size our businesses. The challenge at the moment is there’s not a lot of great visibility in the market. So what we thought were reasonably good numbers 60 days ago have proven to be not even numbers that are in the range any longer in terms of the auto build. So we have – as you would note, we made significant restructuring charges in the fourth quarter of the year. We have a range this year of 2009 of $60 million to $100 million. So we will continue to spend money in restructuring our businesses to right size them and try and strike the right balance between managing them into the current market environment. But also recognizing that, as these markets improve, we want to be in a position to participate on the upside as well. I’ll let Ron answer the impairment question.
Ron Kropp:  Regarding the impairment process, as a result, have gotten worse. But some things that we’re watching and looking at will require the test for impairment once a year. All business we do that in the first quarter of each year. We did that in the first quarter of ’08. But then during the year what we do is we look for events and triggers that could trigger an additional impairment test. So we did look at a handful of business in the fourth quarter. But from an impairment view we didn’t record any impairment charges related to those. And as a reminder, we’re testing at the level of 60 different sub-segments. And those sub-segments include both recently acquired businesses as well as old time day sales. ITW built up a lot of investment. So even if the recent acquisitions have performed as we would have expected given the environment, that doesn’t necessarily trigger a big impairment. But we’ll look at it again for all businesses in the first quarter of ’09. Right now, we don’t have a – not really an estimate in the forecast for impairment for ’09.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities:  As a follow up, we’ve had some huge margin declines in the quarter that offers you big volumes. Can we look for to get some guidance of what margin or profitability levels could look like in the segment for 2009 maybe on a more stable basis as opposed to the sharp impact that was seen in the fourth quarter and first quarter?
Ron Kropp:  Yes. The margins clearly in the fourth quarter are the results of the volume decline. We have typically incremental margins in that 40% range. And on the down side that’s what we saw in the quarter. I think the incremental was 42% on the base business. So looking into ’09, clearly, we continue to see the same kind of margin pressure we saw in the fourth quarter. So the expectation is, given the forecast of base revenues, declines in the wide range. That the base margins will be down in the 200 to 300 basis point range primarily due to volume.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities:  All right. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Henry Kirn of UBS. You may ask your question.
Henry Kirn – UBS:  Hi, guys. If I could look on the positive side here what markets do you think could take a burst as we bottom out and ultimately approach the next cycle? And what are signposts you’re looking for to see when things turn around?
David Speer:  Well I think if you look at the markets here in North America, certainly, the first ones to decline is in the housing and the auto markets. Clearly, as I’ve mentioned earlier, housing has been – this will be the fourth year of decline, 2009 that will be. And certainly we’ve seen a dramatic drop. I think this is sixth year in a row that we’ve seen a drop in the auto build. So I think if you’re looking for early indicators of any kind of stability or bottom being reached it might be what’s going to occur when we see the housing market begin to turn, which in my view doesn’t turn until we see the foreclosure issue really get effectively addressed. And we see the value of existing homes stabilize in terms of pricing. And clearly we aren’t there yet. The data that came out today would indicate we’re still seeing pretty dramatic drop, double-digit drop, in housing prices. So clearly the economy is, here in North America, still largely based on the consumer. 65% to 70% of the GDP is consumer based. And until we see the consumer be able to recover we’re not going to see improvement in those markets, which I think will be the earlier indicators before we see any general industrial recovery.
Ron Kropp:  To David’s point, Henry, I would add that on the general industrial side I’ll probably look at Signode, the industrial packaging businesses. Clearly on the consumable side, as production ramps up, our consumable sales also ramp up in tandem.
Henry Kirn – UBS:  Okay. And what are your OEM customers telling you about how long the shutdowns are going to last?
David Speer:  What are they telling us or what is happening? Because those tend to be two different answers. What we–
Henry Kirn – UBS:  I guess the real answer is better.
David Speer:  Well, as an example, we shared with you in early December that we were facing two to three week shutdowns. Many of those turned in to be five to six-week shutdowns. So there. I think the OEMs are scrambling as well. I think there is a distinct period here where visibility on any end market activity is really blurred. And so it’s difficult to get reliable date. We’re having to react to data almost daily. So it’s hard to get much of a head start on this. I think the anticipation in terms of where this ends up is when we start to see some of these inventory levels move off the car lots and we start to see car loans be able to be made again. And other triggers if you will depending on end markets. But the OEMs are still dealing with pretty imperfect information themselves as well.
Henry Kirn – UBS:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
David Speer:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek of The Cleveland Research. Sir you may ask your question.
Mark Koznarek – The Cleveland Research:  Hi. Good afternoon.
David Speer:  Mark.
Ron Kropp:  Mark.
Mark Koznarek – The Cleveland Research:  Question on the acquired revenues this year over $1.5 billion. And am wondering if you could characterize effectively what kind of margin improvement should we expect on that slug of revenues for next year that might help offset some of this down draft in the base part of the business?
David Speer:  Well, as you know, acquisitions for the first several years are actually diluted to our margins. So we would expect that would be the case as we move into next year as well. The businesses last year, I don’t have the exact numbers, but the acquired pre-amortization margins would have been in the 8% range. And we would expect over time for those margins to march up into the 15% to 16% range. Normally over a four to five-year period. We won’t see much lift out of margins in the first year because we have a lot of amortizations that takes place. And we would expect – we’ll see obviously a dilution from that standpoint. So I think next year in our base plan, with the acquisitions we have planned, we have overall impact of acquisitions as diluted in our margin outlook by somewhere around 50 to 75 basis points.
Mark Koznarek – The Cleveland Research:  And that would compare to what this past year?
David Speer:  I have to ask Ron to answer that question.
Ron Kropp:  Yes. That was 70 basis points for the full year.
David Speer:  So about the same.
Mark Koznarek – The Cleveland Research:  Okay. And then as a follow up could you discuss price versus cost in the quarter? How that performed and then what are your expectations for ’09?
Ron Kropp:  Yes. Overall it varies by segment but overall for the company we saw much less impact of price versus cost in the fourth quarter. There was only about 30 basis points on negative margins. Last quarter, if you remember, it was 110 basis points. So as we’ve said last quarter we expected to see some raw material cost going down. We saw that in some segments purely [ph] significantly. We put price increases in place throughout the year. We’ve given some of those back but kept some of them as well. So negative 30 basis points for the quarter. Looking at 2009, right now as we look at the numbers, it looks like it's going to have a pretty minimal impact. Almost flat for 2009. Especially given the (inaudible) continued decline in some of the key raw materials we have.
Mark Koznarek – The Cleveland Research:  By flat line do you mean that it’s going to be neutral and not a negative to margin? Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Andrew Casey of Wachovia Securities. You may ask your question.
Andrew Casey – Wachovia Securities:  Thanks. Good afternoon everybody.
David Speer:  Andy.
Andrew Casey – Wachovia Securities:  A couple of questions. The first, guidance (inaudible) obviously pretty week the first half with some sort of bottom and then flatter second half year-over-year performance. If that’s the correct read, is that driven by an expectation that distributor inventory liquidation ends sometime in the first half and the markets that you serve don’t do much relative to what they did in the second half of last year?
David Speer:  Yes, Andy. I think clearly we would expect, as you accurately point out. The first quarter in particular, the most difficult quarter for sure. The second quarter will be difficult but not quite as bad as we expect to see in the first quarter. And I think a lot of that is in fact related to a couple of things. First of all to visibility. These markets in many cases are still in a decline rate. And secondly, as you point out, there’s been a fair amount of de-stocking going on. Certainly in any markets that are served with indirect channels through distribution. The second half of the year, obviously the comparables are also somewhat easier. So the comparison rates you would expect them to not be as bad in the second half of the year. The first quarter clearly is the most difficult comparable. So I would say that our view is that the de-stocking that been taking place would largely be behind us by probably sometime in the second quarter. But hard to get a read on that exactly by end market. But I think, directionally, that’s certainly what we would expect to see.
Andrew Casey – Wachovia Securities:  Okay. Thanks, David. And then a different – if I could dig into Mark’s price question, are you seeing any competitive price pressure? And if so, which segments? Not so much the price get back relative to the input cost but any segments where you see competitors really trying to go after share with the price.
David Speer:  Not anything notable at the moment but I expect that, with the dramatic decrease in some of the commodity costs, that likely will occur. We certainly expect that as these commodity costs come down that we, like many, will be in a position that we have to share those declines with our customers. So we factored that into our outlook as best we can at the moment. But I can’t say there’s been any particular segment or area that is notable at the moment. But clearly, as this develops and goes forward we obviously keep a close eye on that.
Andrew Casey – Wachovia Securities:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan of J.P. Morgan. You may ask your question.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan:  Hi, guys. It’s Ann. Just curious, following up on Andy’s question. Which particular sector might you be thinking, in the back of your mind, where you might start to see competitive pressures first?
David Speer:  Well, I think that commodity prices, Anne, that have dropped the greatest are steel. So certainly steel is a primary raw material for us in our faster businesses. Both in the automotive and construction segments. And certainly it’s a primary raw material for us in our Signode business. So those would probably be the areas that I would expect to see, at least initially, the most pressures. Those costs have dropped the most and, obviously, we recognize that. We’ve been through these kinds of runoffs and declines in the past. So I think we have a pretty good handle on what we need to expect and how to manage that. But I would expect to see it there first. And in certain grades of plastic. We’ve seen likewise some fairly dramatic declines in some grades of plastic recently as well. So I would expect – and those would cross a number of different businesses of ours. Consumer packaging as well as automotive and other segments as well where we use plastic as a primary raw material.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan:  Okay. That’s helpful. And as my follow up, back in October you guys had talked about the inability of some of your smaller customers, particularly in something like food service, to access credit. Can you talk about the health of your small customers out there in general across some of your different businesses? Back then it was they couldn’t get financing to buy equipment but I have to believe that their financial well being is failing by the day. Can you talk a little bit across your different businesses where you think the greatest risk to the health of your customers may lie and where we might start to see some secular [ph] changes in demand?
David Speer:  Well, certainly nothing has changed to the goods since October end. Things have gotten, if anything, more difficult for the small, medium-sized channel players and distributors. Their access to capital and their capability to be able to use it effectively in their businesses is clearly been limited. So that remains a major source of concern in the purchasing decisions that they make and also on how we look at how we manage our relationships with them. So it’s a much more active topic, which indicates to me that the liquidity issues that a lot of the original TARP funds were supposed to help address clearly haven’t played out. At least in those business segments. In terms of areas that would be most highlighted – the best area to highlight it is to look at areas like building materials supply, auto dealers, et cetera. While we don’t sell auto dealers clearly auto dealers are having trouble getting financing for their customers. That’s putting pressure all the way up the chain which has led to these even more dramatic declines in the auto build numbers and their stacks of inventories. From the building materials side same kind of situation. So you’ve got the various players in the channel that don’t have an even flow or even access to liquidity, which is creating, obviously, concern. So a lot of angst around spending liquidity that’s available for those that have it. And it’s led to, obviously, and even more dramatic decline and probably even more aggressive de-stocking than you would normally see, which I think has led to an even greater inability or greater problem in terms of visibility in the near term. This is an active topic and credit worthiness is an active topic as you would realize a lot of these customers don’t have formal credit ratings. So it’s something we really have to pay close attention to.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan:  Okay. First question was just a clarification of Andy’s.
Ron Kropp:  That’s (inaudible) Ann.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan:  Just a real quick one. Do you think you’re competitively advantaged or disadvantaged given your decentralization? Is it easier or harder when you’ve got 800 businesses full cost out and full inventory stand? Just 30 seconds.
David Speer:  I think it’s an advantage in pulling inventories down. In fact if you look at the numbers that Ron talked about in spite of the weak fourth quarter and the dramatic declines our overall dollar investment and inventory went down by $150 million in the fourth quarter. And that includes some acquisitions that we did that came to us in the third and fourth quarter with some pretty hefty inventory levels. So our ability to manage inventory down during these kinds of downturns is pretty well developed. When you see them pass downturns and we fully expect we’ll see it here as well. Obviously the MOH number for the fourth quarter doesn’t fully reflect that. And that’s largely been a fact that the declines occurred dramatically in November and December. We weren’t fully prepared for that. I would expect to see though a fairly healthy reduction in inventory levels as we move forward.
Ann Duignan – J.P. Morgan:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Inch of Merrill Lynch. You may ask your question.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  First question comes to sort of broader assumptions with respects to earnings per share over the course of the year particularly considering the 2000 back in a pretty substantially and you are not doing your share of purchase. So if you kind of take the mid-point of your first quarter range, $0.34, and historically looks like the first quarter has been sort of 20%-25% in a year, you multiply that by 45 times, you get basically a dollar and fifty for the year. So what is the bid between the first quarter day to day run. First is to sort the low end of your range not even lower? When are you expecting things to get better, basically? 
David Speer:  Well, certainly, sequentially things get better in terms of the base revenues as the year unfolds so the most dramatic decline arranged for the first quarter’s minus 11 to minus 17. The range of years minus 6 to minus 12 so clearly, as we progress through the year, by the time we get to the third, fourth quarter, we are talking about single digits base year and year decline so obviously we expect significantly stronger earnings as a result of those declines being less. The currency also becomes much less at the latter part of the year, certainly on the fourth quarter and has an impact as well so the first two quarters have a significant impact on currency. So for the year, the impact on earnings for the year, for translation alone is 7%. Most of that recurring in the first two quarters.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  Thank you, David. I understand the premise of the comps, I think he started out with the discussion by saying that you are not anticipating any kind of recoveries so will the earnings really get better just because the comps gets better or is there something else going on?
David Speer:  Certainly, the impact of our restructuring programs that we put in place begin to pay off with these numbers as well so will we spend the money now or we are spending money at the end of last year’s. Well, we begin to see some improvement on the margins as a result of that as well and we had some fairly significant price cost headwinds as you recall that occurred during this year that then put back in balance. I mean, Ron made the comment earlier that we expect that to be flat. We had a 110 or 120 basis point on the third quarter alone this year so that’s another significant amount. So its cost is the pay off, if you will, of the restructure that we spent and I think it is managing and in some cases we get minor of some of the acquisitions in terms of margins but it’s a lot of things but the biggest element is that the base revenue declines on a sequential basis are not as great.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  Ok. So there’s no way you see this first quarter somehow being annualized? I’m just trying to get pretty confident about it. The follow is that it’s cost. I was just curious about the progress. I mean you just got 8 cents and a quarter. I am not sure if that was operational or right down but obviously with the environment worst. Is there any kind of a risk you have to bring these properties back on to your books? Maybe you could talk a little bit about this process and kind of what is going on there.
David Speer:  Well, there is always a risk. I mean obviously if they don’t get sold they come back on to your books but we’re in the midst on running processes on several businesses as we talked about in the past and in this stage we are committed to wrangle those processes out but obviously it’s difficult to sit here and project what those processes with you. We’re certainly not in the position to enable to talk about where any of those stand and finitely but their discontinued operations are being held for sale and that’s, in fact, the plan. We have nothing at this moment to indicate we’re doing it differently from that. I’ll let Ron because that is specific to the charges we took during the quarter.
Ronald Kropp:  So for the quarter, we discussed about a lot of three million or so. Included in there is a loss of sales of property of sale of about $60 million so after that regular operative. We’re still proud.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  I’m sorry, was that a write-down or was that a natural operating law?
David Speer:  Oh, that was a write down, John.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator:  The next question comes from Daniel Dowd, Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein:  Good afternoon. If you end up doing, say, low end of your guidance range, in EPs for the year and let’s say you only acquire $500 million in revenue with no cherry purchases, how much cash do you anticipate having on your balance sheet by the end of 2009?
Ronald Kropp:  Well, I think the better question is probably what is our debt level? Typically, the cash is the point overseas and many excess cash flow is – into paying down commercial paper. But the free cash, typically, in normal time, runs about one to one to net income. In recessionary times, as we’ve looked at it and you’ve seen some of that this quarter, well, we tend to do better than that. We look back in 2001 to 2003 and it goes something like – it’s in the range of 120% to 130% of net income. So the longer the range, you’re talking probably in that billion dollar range of net income, so it’ll be free cash flow more to that. $500 million in acquisitions, $600 million of dividends; and I would say that our debt level probably stayed about where it is now.
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein:  So in effect, the share repurchase shutdown is an effort just to reduce the short-term debt?
Ronald Kropp:  Or keep it the same. I think the thing to remember, we started the year at 19% debt to cap. Two years ago, it was something like 13%. And we’ve set out a target range of our debt to cap of 20% to 30%, and we’ve been using the share repurchase as well as some strong acquisition activity to – it increased now. I mean, we had a strong acquisition this year of $1.5 billion of our revenues and we did $1.4 billion of share repurchases. So this was a catch-up year, if you will, to get us on that range. In fact, we’re at the top of the range ever since the equity adjustment. So now, we’re in more of a maintenance mode, right? So we will be using the share repurchase as the third resort to use the free cash flow after dividends and acquisitions. And based on the forecast in the expected acquisition levels and what we expect to pay in dividends, it looks like we wouldn’t need to do any share repurchases to stay at that high end of the range. Clearly, if results get better and we’ll have some extra cash flow of acquisitions, then our $500 million will have some as well. So share repurchases is really used just to balance out the free cash flow versus our target leverage.
David Speer:  And I would just add to that, Dan, that I think that as we look at the year, I hope that we’ll be in a position to do more acquisitions than what we’ve got in this guidance, but certainly, with the guidance we’ve provided and you certainly have looked at the low end of the range, what Ron is saying is at the low end of the range, we maintain our debt to cap. At the high end of the range, obviously, the debt to cap drops. I would hope that the deployment of free cash would be used more for acquisitions next year, but I think we’ve got ourselves positioned properly from a share repurchase standpoint, so it didn’t make any sense for us to provide guidance, so we’re going to continue that based on the range of our forecast for 2009.
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein:  Okay. That’s very helpful and I recognize that it may actually be quite difficult to sell Click Commerce and Decorative Surfaces in this environment, but if you do–
David Speer:  Well, we obviously didn’t project any cash flow in here from sales because we don’t do that. So obviously, if those do close, there’ll be significant cash flow to come from those deals and we’ll evaluate as we do every quarter. We’ll evaluate the use of those cash proceeds, so if, in fact, that happens during the year or whatever quarter it would happen, then we, in fact, would recalculate and re-project, if you will, what we would plan to using the free cash flow for. I would tell you, however, that even if had that information today, I’m not sure I’d take much of a different position than what we’re taking because I really think that the acquisition environment will come out of this pause at some time during the year, perhaps by the middle of the year. I would expect that to be a much more proactive period for us from an acquisition’s standpoint.
Daniel Dowd – Bernstein:  Okay. That’s very helpful, guys.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer of Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley:  Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody.
David Speer:  Hi, Rob.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley:  My question is on the backlog you have now on acquisitions, is there any better pricing evident in that backlog? It wasn’t exactly evident in your acquisitions, so the number wasn’t that high; and I know you’re not doing that many, so that’s great. I’m just wondering if you’ve seen better pricing on the deals that you are looking at investing on.
David Speer:  Well, I would say that we re-priced a number of deals during the fourth quarter; some of which went away as a result, some didn’t. And I would say that the things in the pipeline today are definitely priced at lower EBITDA multiples than what we saw in 2008, for sure, but I think that’s also one of the reasons why there’s this pause I’m talking about. I think sellers are just adjusting to the fact that you’re not going to be getting seven to eight times EBITDA for businesses as you were able to do last year. And I think there is some adjustment period going on in that regard. There’s also the question of even if you had somebody who was willing to pay you that level of EBITDA, do they have the liquidity to close the deal? So I think that’s changed the acquisition landscape for the near term, but certainly, we have definitely seen the valuations that come down. Our valuations have definitely come down as the results of most starting companies have come down. So it’s a double impact, right? The multiples come down in terms of what the businesses are worth and their earnings, their EBITDA numbers have come down likewise.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley:  Exactly. I mean, that’s the beautiful part of the end of the business year-end. How much of that – what’s the four-multiple and the two-multiple?
David Speer:  Well, I would expect – we don’t have a lot of data for me to be giving any precise numbers, but I would expect that over time, you’d see this be a change of 1.5 to 2 times EBITDA reduction in multiples.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley:  Fantastic. And if I get a follow up, accounts payable and accrued expenses came in a bit. Are you – why did that happen? Are your suppliers trying to use you as a source of fund? Are you getting anything out of that or was that a choice on your part?
Ronald Kropp:  Well, a couple of things. One, currency translation had a role on that. Foreign amount had come down because of that. It was a big drop in currency during the quarter. Secondly, there was – obviously, as the quarter went on and we got it in December and we saw things deteriorate, we didn’t buy a lot of inventory in December, so.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley:  Hello?
Operator:  I’m sorry. One moment. We’ve lost our conference leader’s [ph] line. It will be just a moment, please stay connected. Please stand by. Your conference will resume momentarily, please stand by. Please stand by. The conference will resume momentarily. Please stand by. Please stand by. The conference will resume momentarily. Please stand by. Please stand by. Today’s conference will begin momentarily. Please stand by.
David Speer:  Carla? Hello? Hello?
Operator:  Sir, your line is open. You may continue.
Ronald Kropp:  We’re on the call now?
Operator:  Yes, sir.
Ronald Kropp:  Okay. As we were saying, first of all, we want to share with everybody, we did pay our phone bill here this month. We were talking about –
David Speer:  I think we were waiting for the next question.
Ronald Kropp:  Okay, yes. Next question. I think Robert Wertheimer was the last questioner. We’ll take another question.
Operator:  Of course. Mr. – yes, we do have a party waiting. Robert McCarthy of Robert W. Baird, you may ask your question.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  I’m not sure my question’s good enough for all these.
Ronald Kropp:  You’re the one that did this, Rob McCarthy [ph]?
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  I had nothing to do with it.
Ronald Kropp:  Okay. I’m sorry. Go ahead.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Restructuring expenses, $60 million to $100 million. Usually, range of course has to do with the fact that you don’t know how many businesses you’ll buy and at what pace you’ll initiate programs and what you acquire, but this range looks a litter bigger than that. It’s my observation that I’d like you to respond to, and then as you’re doing that, could you help us with how we should expect to see the year start? I mean, if $60 million is the low end, do we see $30 million or $40 million in the first quarter?
David Speer:  Rob, let me answer that question. First of all, that number doesn’t include any significant restructurings we do with acquisitions.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay.
David Speer:  The acquired businesses, that’s not included. These are really businesses that we’ve owned for more than a year.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  All right.
David Speer:  I would expect that we will spend in the first quarter a disproportional rate, probably somewhere in the $30 million to $40 million range in the in the first quarter.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay.
David Speer:  And the high end of the range is based on the low end or the high end of the decline, if you will. So if we think things will decline more dramatically, which should be towards the minus 12% annual number, you’d see a spend close to the $100 million mark, so.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  David, is that something that you reach a decision point on like at the end of the quarter?
David Speer:  We’ll reach a decision point on as things unfold, but generally, we take a really hard look at it at the end of the quarter. But it’s really based on the individual businesses looking at their near term environment and what they think they’re managing towards and trying to get themselves positioned for that appropriately, so it’s not a perfect science and the timing is not always perfect, but it is looked at very rigorously. We look at projects throughout the quarter, so it’s not like we wait till the end of the quarter and then ask for input. So we’ve already seen several restructuring projects come through. I mean, we’ve seen more than several come through in January, so it’s an ongoing process.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. Thanks. And I wanted to follow up, there were a couple questions that talked about the idea of inventory de-stocking. I wonder if you could speak to, perhaps, one or two businesses where you saw a particularly severe effect and where that might suggest that the revenue comparison organically, base revenue growth that we saw in the fourth quarter might be an exaggerated statement of what’s really going on in the end market?
David Speer:  Sure. Well, certainly, what we’ve seen in the construction channel has been dramatic in terms of de-stocking. As those numbers have plummeted further, they’ve been exacerbated in that group as well by what’s going on with the big boxes. There has been a huge de-stocking with the big boxes. In fact, in some of the stores, you can’t find some of our products even on the shelf at the moment. So those are clear de-stocking decisions that have been made around probably meeting year-end inventory targets or other objectives. I don’t know.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. Even though in that business, you’re handily beating the end-market growth comparisons?
David Speer:  Correct.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. Go on please.
David Speer:  Yes, exactly. So I mean, that’s probably one I would highlight at the top of the list because we sell almost exclusively through indirect channels in the construction field, and so we see it happen there very dramatically and, generally, very quickly.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  What about something like welding?
David Speer:  Welding, there has definitely been de-stocking going on in welding in the fourth quarter. And certainly, the pullback in that environment, as John detailed in the segment numbers, we’ve seen definitely a pullback in inventory. Most of the equipment we sell in North America moves through a distribution channel and those channel players are under the same pressure as everybody else from a working capital standpoint. And they have seen things drop at their customer level, and so now, you begin to see now a drop at the customer level, but then now are running off stock levels.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Can you give us an idea of how much of your business in industrial packaging and welding goes through independent distribution?
David Speer:  In welding, it would be 90 plus percent; industrial packaging, probably north of 80.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks a lot, David. Very helpful.
David Speer:  You’re welcome. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Joel Tiss of Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research:  Hey guys, how’s it going?
David Speer:  Hey, Joel. Thanks for hanging out with us here.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research:  No problem. I know you have to answer everybody’s questions.
David Speer:  We’ll be on here until 3 o’clock, right? 
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research:  Yeah, exactly. Just one clarification. It seems to me that if in January, all the customers went away, I mean, there’s not going to be that – - that will not help the second half or that will not help the quarterly numbers be a little bit better as we move through the year, isn’t that fair?
David Speer:  That’s fair. Understand also Joel, that in some markets, the customer hasn’t come back in the market yet so there are still markets are sold on sidelines. I would put the other business in that category. If you look at the shut downs that occurred in December, and remember December for us and international is the first month of the New Year, you look at the continued qualities that recurred in January in the auto business in Europe. Some of the plants have been shut for only two months.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research:  And that’s my only question. Is the inventory getting cleaner just because they are not producing anything? Is the inventory going down or they’re not selling anything even though they are not producing, the inventories are not really getting adjusted?
David Speer:  Well, if you look at North America, I believe the last time as we saw on sales showed that despite the dramatic decline in production, that there was any more dramatic decline in sales. So I don’t think we’ve seen any significant inventory reduction at least through the end of the year. Based on what we are seeing so far, in terms of build rates, for the first quarter, I expect that we would do some graph and inventories with the auto manufacturers as a result of the way this billed data that we are seeing but I can’t tell you that precisely because obviously it has to have but one fold but certainly the sale of the echoes is the big variable there and there’s still pressure here in North America, particularly obviously in the U.S. for people who would like to get car loans and that’s been a big issue.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research:  How about another end mark as to construction of some of the areas? Are you seeing any pull through?
David Speer:  I think in the case of construction we are seeing many bare shells. We’ve pitching people’s handwriting and about. So I think it is probably any optic inactivity will be seen much quicker there as a result. I think the de-stocking in most of our construction businesses has been underweight for some time. The one variable, I would say, is the renovation category where the big boxes are the predominant supply chain and they have made some dramatic reductions in inventory that are not reflective of net sales or end sales levels.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research:  Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Shannon O’Callaghan of Barclays Capital.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital:  Good afternoon, guys. So you mentioned things got tougher since the meeting, can you give a little more color or base revenue numbers on November-December as what you’ve seen in January?
Ronald Kropp:  Well, the month of December base went to minus 14%, which was a little more negative than we have in phase credits and we had a meeting after all that number. For January, we don’t have a fixed amount of number or do we certainly expect you to be somewhere in that vicinity. 
David Speer:  The early returns we had for January, again as John said, we don’t have all the data in but we’d certainly indicate the same kind of relative, the same kind of sales levels that we saw in December. And certainly would be quite conscious as we’ve talked about and reduce our hours and number of customers and end markets we would expect to see probably similar mid-team kind of reduction to embrace more numbers in January,
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital:  Okay, so 4Q was down 34%, we’ve got a 1Q guide down 40% to 63%, right? Is this one source and one queue as you already saw in four pages of three bad months of down mid team.
Ronald Kropp:  In Q4 we’ve had the benefit of a relatively strong October and then things started to really roll over in November-December. So we are looking at three pretty negative months in terms of January, February, March with some pretty steep comps on a year over year basis.
David Speer:  Trend ratio is also going to get much worse on the first quarter.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital:  Just a last quick one from me, I’m restructuring, you gave the comps number. What kind of savings are you expecting from what you do in 2009 and what you already did in 2008? What do you expect to hit in 2009?
David Speer:  The general savings that we see, the payback if you only restructuring somewhere in the 9 to 12 months range all in so the restructure that we will expect to see will be relatively be the same range as the dollars that we’re spending within a 12-month period. We spent $63 million in 2008 and obviously the range we are given here is $60 million to a $100 million so you can kind of do the math on that.
Operator:  Thank you, our final question comes from John Inch of Merrill Lynch.
John Inch of Merrill Lynch:  It’s all right. I’m back in the queue. So the shareholder equity, I mean, that was a fairly massive differential decline, I guess the bulk of that was foreign currency, is there any sort of gap rating implication with any of this and if any of this dog tail back and again, it’s your decision, not to buy back as much stocks in the earlier part of this year or dramatically curtail the shareholder purchase?
David Speer:  In January, the equity reduction of $1.1 billion, about $700 million of that was currently, and the other 400 million or so was related to pension adjustments, not just adjusting the pension plans for investment reductions and liability changes. So the way look at our leverage is just a camp, does not really affect our equity and so without those adjustments will be 29% instead of 32%. We’ve always been in discussion with the rating agencies on ratings. Right now, we’re at AA minus, but both and we’re on watch with both. So could it have an impact? Maybe and probably. The bigger things that they’re probably looking at are just what its impact of the reduced results in 2009 and the effect of how much cash we could generate, et cetera. So there could be an impact, but right now, we’re at AA minus. We’re not managing it to a credit rating, John, but I think if you look at the way that Ron described it, 29% without these impacts is really the way I would look at it, which would have been the high end of our range, anyway. So I think the cautiousness in how we are presenting acquisitions is based on the market environment. Nothing, other than that. If the market environment were better, I would be very comfortable providing a higher range; and, therefore, implying a higher debt to cap as a result, but I think we’re really telegraphing here that the acquisition world is a bit cautious at the moment. A little bit hard to predict. And I think, secondly, we’re at the high end of the range that we had set the – we wanted to be at and we want use any of the leverage above that.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. So nothing to do with, for instance, liquidity issues or the fact that a lot of your cash is sitting overseas and you can’t use it for share repurchase or anything like that?
David Speer:  No, not at all.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  And then just lastly, I mean, food equipment and Asian welding are the stars of the portfolio. How are you thinking about those businesses and their resiliencies when going through this? And perhaps, I’m a little more concerned about Asian welding, right? Just given the shift building trans-globally and stuff like that, but maybe, you could still talk to both of them and why they’re doing so much and if you think they can prevail.
Ronald Kropp:  Certainly, Asian welding, those are bigger projects, longer term; they don’t stop quickly. And their infrastructure projects, certainly, the energy projects that we’re talking about are infrastructure projects that are well under way and are not going to stop, I mean, pipelines and processing plants. So I think they have a fairly good runway still in front of them. I think the food equipment, I think it’s been a question of timing. I think we will see some slowing in the food equipment, there’s no question. We have done much, much better than the market in that regard and some of it’s due to the way we positioned ourselves in some of the markets; some new product introductions and some good work we’ve done in recent acquisitions, particularly in the international side. But I do expect we’ll see some negative trends in the food equipment businesses as we approach the first half of the year. Certainly, their end markets are under pressure and I expect we’ll see that reflected in the service numbers – excuse me, in the equipment numbers. As John pointed out in his segment commentary, our service numbers actually went up, which is what we would expect to see as equipment sales are going to pressure. People will be in a position where the equipment they have will need more service. So it’s not a full offset, but at least it’s a partial offset. 
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  And what’s the net to service to equipment again, David?
David Speer:  It’s about two-thirds, one-third equipment to service.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, perfect. Thanks very much.
John Brooklier:  Okay. Well, thanks for bearing with us during the call for this expanded ITW call. And we apologize for the seven-minute gap. And we will be talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator:  That conclude today’s conference, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - VP, IR David B. Speer - Chairman and CEO Ronald D. Kropp - CFO
Analysts: Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets John Inch - Merrill Lynch Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research
Operator: Welcome to the ITW Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Candy. Good afternoon everybody and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2008 conference call. I'm John Brooklier, ITW's Investor Relations Officer and with me today is David Speer, our CEO and Ron Kropp, our CFO. Thanks for joining us. At this point, David will make some brief comments about the recently concluded quarter.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. The third quarter turned out to be a mixed bag of results for us. First, let me start with the good news. We grew total company revenue during the quarter 11%, which was within our original forecasted range. Revenues were clearly helped by our strong acquisition program. We acquired 14 companies during the quarter, representing $847 million of annualized revenues. Through the end of September, we've acquired a total of 40 companies now, representing $1.4 billion of annualized revenues. We're estimating that we will finish the full year with an additional $1 million to $200 million worth of acquisitions. All in all, it's been a very good acquisition year, especially when you consider that we continue to pay an average price of approximately one-time revenues for the acquisitions completed to date. Our strong free cash... free operating cash flow of $599 million in the third quarter was a conversion rate of 132% and our $1.4 billion year-to-date total has also permitted us to remain aggressive with our share buyback program. In the third quarter, we spent $406 million to repurchase approximately 8.5 million shares and year-to-date, we've paid approximately $1 billion to repurchase 20 million shares. Now for the more difficult news. End markets continue to weaken in the third quarter in both North America and internationally. Many of our end markets reflected underlying negative macro data. For example, North American industrial production excluding technology was recently reported at minus 3.2%. The forward-looking ISM index recently came out at 43.5%, the lowest number reported in more than five years. And on the international side, the underlying data is also trending downward. The most recent Eurozone industrial production number was at minus 0.9%. And the September Eurozone Purchasing Managers Index came in at 45%. Many of our end markets have responded in kind and as a result, our base revenues for the quarter were minus 0.8%. Our decreased sales volume coupled with inherently lower margins associated with raw material cost increases combined to reduce base revenue margins by 130 basis points during the third quarter. Ron and John will give you more details on these topics in just a few moments. Looking forward, we continue to assess the local market conditions and implement aggressive cost cutting initiatives where appropriate. You can be assured that ITW managers around the world are working hard day to day to optimize their businesses in face of these difficult and volatile end markets. Let me turn the call now back over to John.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us in just a few moments to give us a Q3 financial overview. I will then cover operating highlights for our reporting segments. Ron will then come back and address our 2008 fourth quarter and full year earnings forecast and associated assumptions. Finally, we will take your questions. As always, we ask for your cooperation for the one question, one follow-up question policy. We are targeting a completion time of one hour for today's call. First, the usual disclaimers. Please note that this earnings release contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including without limitations statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, operating income, income from continuing ops, diluted income per share from continuing ops, use of free cash, potential acquisitions, end market conditions, discontinued operations and the company's related forecasts. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actually results to differ materially from those anticipated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ are set forth in ITW's Form 10-Q for the 2008 second quarter and our 10-K for 2007. One other housekeeping item. The telephone replay for this conference call is 402-220-9716, no pass code is necessary and the playback number will be available through 12 midnight on October 30, 2008. You can also access our third quarter conference call PowerPoint presentation via the itw.com website. Once you access the investor information section, just look for the events tab. Now, let me introduce Ron Kropp who will cover the financial highlights for the third quarter. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John. Good afternoon everybody. Before I get to the operating results, I'd like to remind everyone that last week, we released revised income statements for 2007 and the prior quarters of 2008 to reflect the reclassification of the Decorative Surfaces segment and the Click Commerce business into discontinued operations. All income statement data presented on this conference call reflect discontinued operations treatment for all periods presented. The highlights for the third quarter were as follows. Revenues grew 11%, primarily due to acquisitions and currency translation. Operating income was down 2% and margins were lower by 190 basis points. Diluted income per share from continuing operations of $0.85 was 1% higher than last year and free operating cash flow was $600 million. Now let's go to the details. Our 10.8% revenue growth was primarily due to two factors: First, acquisitions added 6.9% to revenue growth, which was 230 basis points higher than the second quarter 2008 acquisition effect; secondly, currency translation increased revenues by 4.7%, which was 170 basis points lower than the second quarter effect. In addition, base revenue was down 0.8%, which was unfavorable by 100 basis points versus the second quarter. Price increases to recover higher raw material [indiscernible] offset by overall volume declines of between 4% and 5%. International base revenues increased 1.2%, which was 170 basis points lower than the second quarter. We have seen some softening in our European end markets. North American base revenues decreased 2.1%, which was unfavorable by 40 basis points versus the second quarter. The North American businesses continue to see the effect of the overall slowing of the economy including both the industrial and consumer-related end markets. Operating margins for the third quarter of 15.4% were lower than last year by 190 basis points. The base business margins were lower by 130 basis points, primarily due to lower sales volume and the effect of higher raw material prices. While we have recovered the dollar amount of the higher cost in most of our businesses, many of our businesses have not yet been able to recover the full margin. In addition, the lower margins of acquired companies diluted margins by 70 basis points. When I turn it back over to John, he will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $12 million as a result of the euro bonds issued in October 2007. Other non-operating income expense in the third quarter was unfavorable versus last year by $7 million, mainly due to lower investment income. Third quarter effective tax rate of 28.2% was essential flat versus the third quarter 2007 rate. An effective tax rate of between 28.4% and 28.6% is expected for the full year. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital only increased $36 million from the second quarter as the increase from acquisitions was partially offset by decreases from currency translation. Excluding the effect of discontinued operations, accounts receivable DSO was 64.7 at the end of the third quarter versus 63.6 last year. Inventory months on hand was 2.0 at the end of the quarter. For the third quarter, capital expenditures were $89 million and depreciation was $95 million. ROIC declined to 15.6% versus 17.9% last year as a result of the dilutive impact of acquisitions and lower operating income. On the financing side, our debt increased $667 million from last quarter, primarily due to higher U.S. commercial paper. Our debt to capital ratio increased to 28% from 24% last quarter. Shares outstanding at September 30th were 511.2 million. Note that the effect of options typically adds 3 to 4 million shares to dilutive share calculations. Our cash position increased $227 million in third quarter as our free operating cash flow of $600 million and net borrowings of $737 million were utilized for acquisitions of $646 million and dividends of $145 million. In addition, we spent $406 million in the quarter to repurchase 8.5 million shares under our ongoing open-ended share repurchase program. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired 14 companies in the third quarter which have annual revenues of $847 million. Year-to-date, we have done 40 deals with acquired revenues of almost $1.4 billion. The most significant acquisitions in the quarter were CCI and Avery Weigh-Tronix. CCI is a North American distributor, remanufacturer and installer of drivetrain components for the heavy truck aftermarket. In has annual revenues of over $400 million and will become part of our Transportation segment. Avery Weigh-Tronix is a multinational manufacturer of high quality industrial weighing products and systems with annual revenues of approximately $225 million. It will be included in our test and measurement group in the all other segment. I will now turn it back over to John who will provide more details on the third quarter results.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Ron. Let's review the third quarter highlights for our reporting segments, beginning with Industrial Packaging. Revenues increased 14.7% and operating income declined 2.9% in the quarter. Operating margins of 11.1% were 200 basis points lower than the year ago period, largely as a result of a 120 basis point decline in base revenue margins in the quarter. The 14.7% increase in revenues consisted of the following: 5.2% from base revenues, 4.2% from acquisitions and 5.3% from translation. The Industrial Packaging segment produced Q3 base revenue growth of 5.2% in the quarter with Industrial Packaging North America growing 2.2% and international businesses increasing 7.5%. All that base revenue growth was driven by significant price recovery for raw materials but at much lower margins. The standout business in the segment continued to be insulation worldwide, which grew base revenues more than 40% in the quarter. This business provides energy-related insulation solutions for worldwide customers including those in the refinery and natural gas plant sectors. Moving to the next segment, Power System & Electronics. In the quarter, segment revenues increased 9.4% and operating income grew 6.7%. Operating margins of 19% were 50 basis points lower than the prior year period, mainly due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. Notably, base revenue margins improved 40 basis points in the quarter from the year ago period. The 9.4% growth in revenues consisted of the following: 3.1% from base revenues, 3.7% from acquisitions, 2.5% from translation and 0.1% from other. The Power Systems & Electronics segment increased base revenues approximately 3% in the quarter and the major contributors to base revenue growth were welding and ground support equipment. Worldwide welding base revenues grew 5.7% in the quarter, thanks to 26.4% growth in international-based operations, especially to those serving Asian specialty markets such as energy, shipbuilding and shipping containers. North America welding base revenues decreased 0.9% in the quarter as underlying industrial production and end market demand continued to slow in the U.S. Segment growth was also helped by the ground support equipment business, which produced base revenue growth of 6.9% in the quarter. Moving to transportation. In the third quarter, segment revenues increased 8.9% while operating income declined 22.4%. Operating margins of 11.8% were 480 basis points lower than the prior year period due to a decline in sales volumes associated with the significant ramp down in North American auto production as well as minimal price recovery on raw material increases. Base revenue margins accounted for 430 basis points of dilution in the quarter. Acquisitions diluted margins another 150 basis points in the quarter. From a top line perspective, revenues consisted of the following: minus 9.6% from base revenues, 12.3% from acquisitions, 6.1% from translation and 0.1% from other. As noted, transportation base revenues were down approximately 10% in the quarter. On a worldwide basis, base revenues declined 12.5% with North America down some 18%, and that's largely due to the historically weak auto production in Q3. In North America, Detroit 3 and new domestic builds declined 16% in the quarter. By category, Detroit 3 builds were down 23% in Q3 with GM down 12%, Ford down 33% and Chrysler down 31%. Those are some pretty mind numbing numbers. By comparison, new domestic builds were down 6% in Q3. We believe that North American auto builds will de down in the 18% to 20% range in Q4. And if this occurs, 2008 full year North American builds will be down 15%. Internationally, automotive base revenues declined 7.3% in Q3 as European builds decreased 1% in the quarter. Our negative penetration in Q3 was due to customer mix and tier suppliers holding up buying products in anticipation of lower builds later in the quarter. Key international OEM builds in Q3 were as follows: BMW down 11, Fiat down 9, Ford down 8, PSA down 6, Renault down 1, Daimler up 2 and VW Group up 6. Finally, our worldwide auto aftermarket business grew base revenues 2.8% in the quarter. These businesses, featuring performance enhancing and maintenance extending products continue to benefit from consumers who are holding on to their vehicles for extended periods of time. Let's move to the Construction Products segment. In Q3, segment revenues increased 1.7% while operating income declined 4.7%. Operating income was again impacted by ongoing weak fundamentals in a variety of North American and international construction categories. Operating margins of 14% were 90 basis points lower than the year earlier period as a result of 120 basis point decline in base revenue margins in the quarter. The 1.7% increase in revenues consisted of the following, minus 4.7% for base revenues, 0.3% from acquisitions and 5.8% from translation. As noted, the segment's base revenues decreased approximately 4.5% in Q3 due to ongoing weak fundamentals in North America and more recent slowing internationally. Let's look at North America first. North American construction base revenues fell 6.2% in Q3. And despite the weak underlying North American fundamentals, we continue to all over perform [ph] in all three of our construction categories. First, our residential construction base revenues declined 12% in the quarter even as new housing starts were down 31% versus the year ago period. Secondly, our renovation base revenues were down a modest 2% in Q3 thanks to an uptick in our business units which supply the big box stores. Finally, our commercial construction base revenues were down 2% in Q3 versus the Dodge Index which currently shows a 19% year-to-date decline in commercial construction activity on a square footage basis. Moving to international. Base revenues declined 3.2% in Q3. The decrease in base revenues was due to overall weakness in Europe where base revenues declined 8.3% in the quarter. And while Asia Pacific's base revenues grew 3.9% in Q3, it was at a lower rate of growth than achieved in the first half of the year. Moving to Food Equipment. In the quarter, segment revenues grew 8.4% while operating income declined 1.6%. Operating margins of 16.1% were 170 basis points lower than the year earlier period due to 100 basis points of base revenue margin dilution, and acquisitions contributed an additional 50 basis points of dilution in the quarter. On a top line perspective, the components consisted of the following, minus 1.7 from base, 5.8% from acquisitions, 4.4% from translation and minus 0.1 from other. Food Equipment's worldwide base revenues as noted were down approximately 2% in the quarter as a result of end market and customer softness both in North America and international. Food Equipment's base revenues in North America declined 1.2% in the quarter with institutional businesses declining 3.8% as customers such as hospitals, universities and casual dining restaurants delayed purchases. The North American service business grew base revenues 2.8% in the quarter. On the international side, base revenues declined 3.2% in the quarter with Europe down 4%, but Asian base revenues... Asia Pacific base revenues I should say up nearly 9%. Moving to the Polymers & Fluids segment. In Q3, segment revenues increased 46.9% and operating income grew 22%. Operating margins of 14.4% were 290 basis points lower than the year ago period, thanks mainly to 320 basis points of margin dilution from acquisitions. Base revenue margins actually improved 20 basis points in the quarter. Approximately 47% growth in segment revenues consisted of the following: 3.5% from base revenues, 36.2% from acquisitions and 7.2% from translation. The Polymers & Fluids produced worldwide base revenue growth at 3.5% in Q3 as noted. Geographically, the North American polymers business grew base revenue at an impressive 15.4% in the quarter, thanks to specialty adhesives and epoxy products for a variety of customer and specialized applications. International polymers produced essentially flat base revenues in the quarter. On the fluids side of the business, North America base revenue declined 3.3% as manufacturing demand slackened and international base revenue were essentially flat in Q3, which is in keeping with some of the underlying macro data we're seeing in Europe these days. Finally, our last segment, all other. In Q3, segment revenues increased 5.9% and operating income declined 0.3%. Operating margins of 19.4% were 110 basis points lower than the year earlier period. Base revenue margins declined 130 basis points in the quarter. The 5.9% increase in revenues consisted of the following: minus 0.7% from base revenues, 2.9% from acquisitions and 3.7% from translation. As noted, base revenues in this all other segment declined 0.7% in the quarter and, as we noted before, the segment principally consists of four major categories: test and measurement, consumer packaging, finishing and our industrial appliance products. The worldwide base revenues for these four sub-categories were as follows: test and measurement grew at the most impressive rate, 11.2% in the quarter. And that was largely based on strength of their specialty equipment products into Europe, Asia and Latin America. Consumer packaging worldwide was down 2.4%, finishing was up 0.8% and industrial appliance products worldwide was down about 4% and that's certainly no surprise given what we've seen underlying appliance numbers to be over the last two to three quarters. At this point, I'll conclude my remarks and I'll turn it back over to Ron who will address the 2008 forecast and related assumptions.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John. We are forecasting fourth quarter 2008 diluted income from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.74 to $0.82 per share. The low end of this range assumes 6% growth in total revenues and the high end assumes 9% total revenue growth. The midpoint of this range of $0.78 will be 5% lower than the prior year. For full year 2008, our forecasted earnings range is $3.24 to $3.32 per share. Full year total revenue growth is expected to be in a range of 10% to 11%. The midpoint of this earnings range of $3.28 would be 6% higher than 2007. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, share repurchases for the year of 1 billion to 1.2 billion, no further impairment of goodwill or intangibles, net non-operating expense which includes interest and other non-operating income in a range of $110 million to $120 million for the year which is unfavorable versus last year by $65 million to $75 million and a tax rate range between 28.25 and 28.75 for the quarter and 28.4 to 28.6 for the full year. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A portion of the call.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: We'll now open the call to your questions. We'll ask one more time that you keep your questions to one question and one follow up. At this point, we are ready. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We have Deane Dray, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good afternoon.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good day.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: I'll start off with David. Could you address the...you mentioned that ITW would look to be making more to cost cutting initiatives depending on the severity of the economic slowdown. Just give us a perspective of what the game plan here is. How centralized might this effort be, the size and timing and so forth, because... and the reason I asked about centralize is so much of ITW is decentralized, so how do you go about telling each business unit what kind of cost cutting measures that you are looking for and the timing and so forth?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Deane. Well, first of all, if you look at what our outlook for the year would consist of, it's roughly $50 million in restructuring, which is about $15 million more than what we spent last year to put it in perspective, with most of that delta occurring in the fourth quarter, as you would expect. As it relates to the decisions and the process by which we decide what restructurings to do, that also is decentralized in our environment. So it really does not come from the top. It's really our business units assessing their local market conditions and what they are hearing from their customers and getting their selves sized, if you will, to meet what they see is the near-term demand, near term being the next 6 to 12 months. Obviously, it's a fairly volatile economic environment at the moment. It's very difficult to get firm reads on some of these end markets as witnessed by the fairly dramatic reduction that the auto industry has just gone through and their outlook for the fourth quarter. So we tried to get as close a read on that as we can. Our business units really look at what they think the demand profile is going to be going forward for the next to the 6 to 12 months and as a result tried to size their organizations and their efforts accordingly. So, as you would imagine, that's not a precise exercise, but one what we follow obviously quite closely and work with them that come up with the right solutions.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: And you would still expect a pay as you go type of approach to this restructuring?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely. The numbers I just cited are all in our current outlook data. And I think the total number for the fourth quarter approaches $20 million in restructuring, which, as I mentioned earlier, is about $15 million higher than the fourth quarter of last year. But it's all pay as you go as we've traditionally done.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: And just one other broader question if I could. In past cycles, ITW's operating margin appears to have troughed somewhere in the 14% to 15% range. The mix has obviously changed quite a bit since then. But what at this point would you consider to be a trough operating margin for ITW given the current mix and current expectations of a downturn?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I'm not sure I can answer that with a very long-term view, Deane, obviously given the current economic real scenario and the lack of certainty around some of that. But I certainly don't see any reason why our numbers would be significantly different if you measure them looking at the past troughs. And in fact if you look at the opportunity for us to make... continue to make some improvements in the margin rates on acquired businesses, I think that provides us some, if you will, delta or cushion versus what we may have seen in the past. As we entered the last downturn, we didn't have quite as much acquisition activity to improve margins off of. But I think the 14% to 15% range, without doing a detailed analysis, is probably still a reasonable range.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: All right, thank you. Next, Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. My first question, can you guys just give a little color on sort of what you are seeing in the emerging markets and whether that has started to slow following Western Europe, and if so, where? And then my second question, can you address where if any of your customers are having any types of financing issues and if so, sort of what markets or any color in that respect as well?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Jamie. Let me take the question on emerging markets. I'm assuming you're talking about emerging markets in Asia and in the East of Europe, potentially Latin America. If you look at our businesses in emerging markets, I would say we have begun to see at least some early indications of some slowing in the Asian markets. Although nothing dramatic at this point, certainly early indications that I think the impact of what's happening in Europe and North America certainly on countries like China, we would expect to see lower growth rates as we move forward, but still on positive territory. For the third quarter, not really reflected in our current numbers. Our China businesses as an example grew over 25% in the third quarter. So certainly, we're still seeing dramatic growth there. Our businesses in South America which are primarily based on Brazil were up double digits in the third quarter. So we're still seeing strong growth there and similarly in the East of Europe. So I wouldn't say we've seen any dramatic impact yet, but what we're hearing from our businesses and from our customers is an anticipation in the slowdown in some of those markets. Certainly, the East of Europe spends a fair amount of its time and activity servicing customers in the West of Europe. And so that slowdown is certainly going to impact their businesses as well. As it relates to the financing and credit question, I think we have begun to see that clearly emerge, particularly in North America, to a lesser extent in Europe. The impact is probably best described as fairly broad in terms of its impact on small to medium-sized both customers and suppliers where their terms and availability for credit have changed dramatically in the last 90 days. We have seen some pushback in terms of how people are looking at building inventories, managing their businesses. And that's obviously rippling over into the order books and the activity levels. And certainly as some of their customers in some of these end markets that have been under pressure continue to cut back their production schedules, that creates other issues as well. Many of these small to medium-sized manufacturers have traditionally used their lines of credit to help finance their working capital. And certainly, as those terms have changed and their cost of credit has changed, it's clearly created some challenges, in some cases the ability to access the funds; in other cases, access to the funds, but at a significantly higher rate.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then David, my last question. I guess what type of visibility do you have today? How many quarters or is it just one quarter out, which is what we're hearing from a lot of industrial companies, do you have today and how would that compare to if we were sitting here last year?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our tradition of visibility is really not even as long as a quarter. I mean most of our order books and our businesses will be measured in less than a month, usually in weeks. So we don't get a great visibility. Probably the greatest visibility we get is with the auto industry, but that visibility is not very good because they change their schedules regularly. So while we get a three month schedule, I would say for the last several years at least here in North America, none of those schedules have proven to be close or accurate. They typically have been overestimated. So visibility is I would say limited. What we rely on less than the order book is really more the feel that our business have by working in their markets and around their customers as to what their activity levels are and what their plans look like, some of which may not even be on paper yet. So we're reflecting what we see in our fourth quarter outlook based on a continuing decline in the U.S. and Europe, and we built that into our numbers. How accurate those are going to be will have to remain to be seen. But we have counted on things continuing to weaken in the fourth quarter both here and in Europe.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: All right, thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: All right, thank you. Next, Henry Curhan [ph], UBS. Your line is open.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Henry, are you there? I think we lost him. Can we go to the next one? Hello?
Operator: Yes, thank you. Next we have Mark Koznarek, Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: All right, thank you. Just a question here on the... power business with regard to welding, North America being down 9%. Could you split that between the consumables business and the electrical power system business?
Unidentified Company Representative: That was... Mark, that wasn't down 9% in North America.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Sorry, 0.9%.
Unidentified Company Representative: 0.9%. Yes, I'm sorry. So the question is what, I'm sorry?
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Consumables versus equipment.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, consumables would have been up slightly and the equipment would have been down. It's about a 70:30 mix here in North America. So tilted more towards equipment. I couldn't give you the exact numbers, but equipment probably in the 5% range down.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then the price versus raw materials overall for the quarter, how would you characterize that and how is that expected to change in the fourth quarter?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well clearly, for most of the third quarter, we saw continued high raw material costs starting to drop a bit towards the end of the quarter. And we expect to see more of that in the fourth quarter, especially steel and resin. Chemicals will continue to be... to increase. So it did have an impact clearly on our costs. They have been able to recover all the dollar amount of the costs, but not all the margins. So it did have an impact on our variable margins of about 110 basis points during the quarter.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: So Ron, does that mean since raw materials are dropping in the fourth quarter and presumably you've got some momentum in past positive price actions, would you expect to see that 110 basis points being recouped in 4Q?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: I don't know if you could say recoup, but definitely be lessened.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would think it would be less than what we saw obviously in the third quarter, but certainly not recouped because as you might imagine some of these price increases that have been implemented at a time when the costs began to drop even though our costs hadn't dropped yet, we didn't get full realization on those price increases. And now of course with the costs dropping, the expectation is we'll clearly have to share some and ultimately all of that reduction in the marketplace. So we won't be a perfect process, but certainly shouldn't be near what we saw in the third quarter.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. So there is some benefit, but eventually that will kind of lapse.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next Henry Curhan [ph], UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry guys. Phone glitch on my end.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: You there, Henry?
Unidentified Analyst: I'm here. Can you hear me?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: We can hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: You've already forfeited one of your questions however.
Unidentified Analyst: That's fine.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Now go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you describe the progress on the divestitures? How much longer do you think it's going to take to get those done and what are you seeing from the M&A market in general?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you know, we announced the divestiture plan in August. So that was really the start of the process. So over the last couple of months, we've been in the process of pulling together data et cetera for the offering memorandums that go out in the marketplace. So we're still in that process and I think it's going as expected. I think one question that we'll have to address is from a timing perspective, when is the right time do this and we are working through that. Clearly, the credit markets have had an impact on the M&A markets, but we expect to continue to be able to sell these businesses and be done by the middle of next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And recognizing that it's early, but how is October trending so far?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have any data at this point to be able to give you, any read on October, Henry. But my expectation is we're going to see... we saw a significant slowing in September. And my expectations we're going to see the same kind of trend when you compare October of '08 to October of '07
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next, Eli Lustgarten, Longbow Securities. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey Eli.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Couple of quick questions. One, can you talk about your assumption for currency in the fourth quarter? And as you look out to 2009, and I'm making bold assumptions and I don't think you're going to have much currency next year. Your share repurchases so far have been additive. Do you intend to buy enough shares to make up for the currency plus any additive [ph] parts in the earnings, or how do you handle that?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: So,first of all, from the fourth quarter currency impact, what we do is we use the end of the quarter currency rates for the forecast. So that would have been September 30th rates and year-on-year, the impact of currency will be about flat versus the fourth quarter of 2007 based on that end of quarter rate. Clearly, if we see continued weakening, they'll have some downside.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: To answer the question about 2009, Eli, we have not formulated our plans for 2009 yet, so we couldn't give you any read yet on what we would anticipate with share repurchases and acquisitions which is really the way we would look at how we're going to utilize our free cash flow as we look at what we think the landscape will offer in 2009. It really won't be a look that is intended to try and offset the difference in the currency translation. Certainly the more share repurchases we do will have that... it will have some impact on that, but that's really not the metrics we use in developing that.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And can you give us some insight in transportation and I guess maybe the food service businesses? You've sort of increased your exposure to transportation with the big acquisition you made in the projects [ph] you outlined. I guess the $400 million one. Yet the market conditions continue to deteriorate and are not likely to do much better next year. Can you give some insight as to you expect to be able to improve profitability in these markets under pressure? And can you give some insight on what's going on in food services with that?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, first of all, let's go... Eli, go back to transportation first. Your question on the acquisition we did on CCI is really a truck aftermarket business. What they're basically doing is they're basically redoing trucks, drivetrains, and it's essentially a parts and service business. So we think it has a whole different set of fundamentals than anything you're looking at on the auto OEM side. Different growth, perspective, different growth trajectory I should say. So in the long term the business has been growing at a rate of about 4 to 5 plus. We think it has enhanced profitability built into the model they currently have in terms how we're going to change it. So we think there is some great 8020 initiatives that are really applicable to the business. So it's clearly encompassed within the transportation segment, but it's very different than what you're seeing in terms of the auto OEM businesses that we are currently supporting both in North America and internationally. Your question on food equipment was what?
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Just some sense, that market started to deteriorate after being up pretty much across the board. Do you expect that deterioration to go through 2009 --
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, again, I mean we're not going to get into any real 2009 projections, but I think it's clear that the trajectory of the buying cycle on the business has been trending down. To my commentary earlier, in the third quarter, we have lots of customers who are delaying purchases that it's essentially a smaller CapEx decision they've made in terms of how they're going to purchase products, whether it's for an institution or whether it's for a series of restaurants. So I would say that the trajectory is probably going to be flat to slightly down as we move though the next couple of quarters?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Remember also Eli that as the equipment sales trend down, the service revenues generally trend up as they customer service the equipment that they keep in place that they are not replacing. But it certainly is not an equal offset, but I would certainly share John's sentiments that the trajectories there clearly have decelerated. And I would expect that that's probably the environment we're going to be looking at as we head into 2009.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, Robert Wertheimer, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good afternoon everybody.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey Rob.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to ask about the acquisition pipeline and just generally about the acquisition, it seems as though public company evaluations are falling faster than private. And then the question I guess is have you seen private company evaluations fall? Have you asked your managers to bid lower just given what's happening in the public market? And has that changed your appetite for buying back your own stock private company assets?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think if you look at our acquisition pipeline and the way we manage it, we clearly are looking at current sort of market pricing, if you will, when we look at these areas of businesses and opportunities. We certainly have taken a much closer look at valuation in the last 90 days, particularly for deals that we were already working on in the pipeline, primarily based on looking at what their business outlooks were going forward and did they need modification. Clearly, there has been a very significant change in people's views about the go forward conditions in a number of these end markets. And we wanted to make sure those were accurately reflected in our assumptions. And to the extent those assumptions change significantly, they may well have led to a change in valuation. And that certainly has been the case in a number of potential acquisitions. I would say as it relates to the delta between private and public companies, the vast majority that we look at is private, we only occasionally looking at public. I don't know that have a lot of data to describe whether that delta is change my sense is that they have come down together in terms of both expectations and actual transaction prices. I will say, however, that what I think we are beginning to see in the acquisition environment is the impact of the latest credit crisis which is leaving a lot of people, it don't already have liquidity in there hands wondering where that liquidity would come from if you going to close deals and leaving some potential sellers, I think pushing back and wondering wonder when the right time is to actually move forward aggressively with any kind of a sale process. So it's a little bit of an interesting time, kind of reminds me a bit of what happened when we saw the initial downturn in the private equity funding leverage more than year ago.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. And just from my follow up, the higher volume of acquired revenues in this quarter, was that things coming on because sellers were getting more rational and the pipeline getting bigger, or was that just some of the lumpiness that happens from time to time?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think in terms of timing, it was some of the lumpiness. But certainly in terms of ability to execute, it was definitely based on what I would suggest are peoples expectations having come into a more realistic zone for us. But those are thing that would have occurred six or seven months ago, not in the last 60 days. It just so happened in fact the CCI deal that John's spoke about earlier, the $400 million plus deal was actually scheduled to close in the second quarter and due to a variety of a reasons it didn't get closed until the third quarter.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next, Andy Casey Wachovia Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Thanks. Good afternoon everybody.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hello Andy.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Question, a different take on the acquisition. The impact on margins this quarter was a little bit more dilutive than the prior quarter in that kind of broke a trend of becoming progressively less dilutive quarter-to-quarter. Was that pretty much the concentration of activity in acquisitions during Q3 or was it something else?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, in the current quarter it was minus 17 basis points and overall company margins negative impact. And that's primarily being driven by just a higher volume of acquisitions. So overall, the acquisitions were almost 7% of revenues and those acquisitions have about 5% margins after the impact of amortization. That 5% margin after amortization is similar to what happened in the earlier in the year we just had lower volumes of acquisitions in the first and second quarter, so it had less of an impact in the overall margins.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. And then thanks for that Ron, on acquisition impact in Polymers & Fluid, it was 320 BPs, what was causing that?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We had several major acquisitions or several acquisitions that closed. The major one which was the Stoke [ph] business which closed during the quarter. Actually, I guess it closed at the end of the second quarter, but the impact would have been felt primarily in the third quarter.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. So more timing issue?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Timing issue and a large acquisition. I mean it was a $225 million, $230 million acquisition, so big acquisition for that group in terms of the overall size.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. And so with the concentration this quarter, the impact of that carrying over into this quarter, do you expect a similar drag in 4Q? I know you're not making any comment on '09.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, definitely, the carryover impact of these bigger ones will also occur in the fourth quarter. So we will have a similar dilutive impact on overall company margins.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Remember, Andy, usually takes us three to four quarters before we flush through all of the amortizations and steps up that occur. What we look at in the interim from an operating standpoint are really the pre-amortization margins. And those margins for the third quarter were actually 12%.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Yes.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So very much in line with; in fact, probably slightly above our original expectations.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Okay. I just wanted to make sure we weren't going south of 100 basis points again.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, we will try to cap it, Andy.
Andrew Casey - WachoviaCapital Markets: Thank you. See you.
Operator: Thank you. Next John Inch, Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So I just wanted to know the increase in the short-term debt, are you... do guys have plans to term that out? And if so, what would that cost your incrementally? I mean how should we be thinking about that?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we primarily are financing our operations these days through commercial paper. We've had no issues with placing our commercial paper given our high credit rating. So that's been the good news versus what some other companies have had. Clearly, at some point we had to term out that short-term debt, but that time is not any time soon given the situation to credit markets. So, something that we are monitoring and if we get to the right point with the rate, rates in the right place, we will term it out, at that point we will have a better gage on what the long-term rate might be. We have our commercial rate... paper rate is probably in the 2.5% range for the quarter.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: And Ron, how much CP do you have outstanding and sort of I guess where do you see... what level of short-term commercial paper you're comfortable holding based on sort of market conditions of ITW, that sort of thing?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: The balance at the end of the quarter was about 1.5 billion. We have play of additional capacity under our existing and credit facilities to go, what way we're above that and we would be comfortable with that, we would, we don't think we have any issue placing substantially more commercial paper either. So there is nothing in the short-term that would say we would need to term out just based on the capacity.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just my follow up here. There's a lot of chatter that General Motors might actually go bankrupt. If that were happen, could you guys give us a sense of what are you on the hook for in terms of receivables from them and/or just remind us again sort of how significant GM is specifically to ITW?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean I don't have a specific number to give you on what the exposure would be in bankruptcy. GM is obviously an important customer overall to ITW in our transportation segment. They would be I think actually the largest single customer in North America followed closely by Ford. So we have obviously reasonable exposure there. But I couldn't give you an exact number, John. And should we have a pretty tight credit terms with them that they pay within, so our exposure from a DSO standpoint is under 60 days. I certainly don't have an exact number to share with you. But I... my belief is that as we move forward we continue to watch and manage that. We would have some exposure if they were in fact to go bankrupt. But I certainly don't think that's the... an issue that we're concerned about at least at the moment. We continue to manage them within the credit terms, they continue to pay within the credit terms and on that basis, we're comfortable.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes. That's helpful. Thanks David.
Operator: All right. Next, Shannon O'Callaghan, Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Good afternoon guys.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Can you talk a little bit about Europe and how it trended kind of more recently? Obviously, it slowed down. I mean when did you first start to see it hit in September, or do you have any visibility into the first couple weeks of October?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't have any visibility in the first couple of weeks of October. I can tell you that the most dramatic part of the slowdown in Europe did occur in September. It's hard to get a read on numbers out of Europe in the August and July timeframes given the holiday period there. But definitely have seen a steadying slowing. I think we first raised our awareness or at least raised our hand about the slowing in Europe actually during the second quarter. And in fact, we've seen a steady slowing there. And I am talking about outside the early markets that we talked about, even back in the first quarter which were some of the residential construction markets in Europe. So we've definitely seen a consistent slowing there. Again, I don't have any October data, but our expectation is that we are going to continue to see slowing in Europe. We've already seen some revisions in the European auto builds as an example. And the European appliance builds I expect will continue to see a slowing period in Europe for the fourth quarter. Don't know what will little happen in 2009 at this point. But early indications are that the auto build will certainly contract in 2009 overall as well. So some of the early indicators for some of the larger industries would suggest that the slowing is not temporary. And I think what we're seeing obviously in the latest data as reported from the Purchasing Managers Index and the Eurozone ISM data would suggest that slowing is obviously evident in many places as well.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. And how about for 4Q? I mean what are you assuming now kind of overall base revenues and kind of split North America international?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're seeing base revenue somewhere between minus 1 to minus 3% overall, North America minus 3 to minus 4 and international somewhere between flat to up 1.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just one clean up. The phone, either your phone or my phone broke up when you were talking about the price and volume in the quarter in the minus 0.8 base. Can you just give that again?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: The overall base revenues were 0.8% and it's made up of price increases in the 3% to 4% range and volume decreases in the 4% to 5% range.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. All right, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next, Joel Tiss, Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Thank you. Good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi Joel, how are you doing?
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: All right, how is it going?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: It's great.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Just two things I wanted to get into a little bit. Can you talk about, I'm not looking for a forecast, but can you talk about going forward how easy it's going to be to try to better match your raw material contracts with your pricing actions? I mean it seems like you are a little bit out of whack in the near term.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we've definitely been out of whack in the near term. When you look at what happened during the third quarter, we still had the hangover of some fairly significant cost increases that occurred during the second quarter that we were trying to recover. And in the middle of some of those price increases, we actually had some of the input costs begin to go down. So hard to sell a price increase when somebody has just read about input costs going down. And that's really been happening in the steel and to some extent in the plastic market. So clearly, what we saw in third quarter was not... the actual result was not in line with what we had projected going into the quarter. So that 110 basis point delta there on price cost was clearly not what we'd expected. We were looking for something more like 50 to 60. In terms of going forward, I would expect normally as we see the supply line is open up and I think we're beginning to see that. The in balance capacity and demand or supply and demand clearly in some markets and the profile is clearly begin to change. Steel is one of those. Generally, in those kind of environments we do much better...we do much better but those are our purchasing power then allows us to really exercise better contract prices than what we have been able to do in the past. As an example of past, two plus years in steel what we been able to get supply as a result of our purchasing power hasn't really impacted our ability to get better cost than anybody else. So, I expect going forward that while the raw material cost are trending downward, we will be sharing those obviously with the market but at a rate that should allow us to disclose some of these gaps that we've seen in the past.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Okay. And just on a quick follow up. Would it seem reasonable that as we move forward that the price of acquisitions come more into line with what the public markets are doing and that the attractiveness of share repurchase starts to diminish a little bit?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well certainly, as you know, Andy, we've always talked about... or Joel, sorry, we've always talked about acquisitions ahead of share repurchase. So if we see the opportunity to have a significantly higher volume of acquisitions, it certainly would impact our view of the level of share repurchase activity we would go through. Obviously, when we set our guidance for next year, we will give you our view on that. But we obviously adjust that as we go along. If we see the opportunities in the acquisition area open up, we'll clearly adjust our sights accordingly. But I would expect what we've seen, as you've seen through the data we reported, we're not paying significantly less than what we've traditionally paid but we're able to look at lot more deals because things in our valuation range now are able to make sense and be closed. Whereas in the past year, it was quite difficult that one-time revenue was 7.5 times EBITDA, there were a whole lot of deals we couldn't even get to the final round with. So I do expect that that's going to change. And certainly with some of our deals we closed during the third quarter, the valuations were in fact lower.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Right. Okay, I'm sure you are happy you missed out on some of those deals at this point too. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Robert McCarthy, Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon, guys.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey Rob.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Rob.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Can you... just following on Joel's question, I don't believe I've heard you quantify your acquisition pipeline. And could you talk about whether your expectations right now are that maybe closing whatever you have in your pipeline might tend to stretch out, maybe your hit rate goes down a little bit given current conditions?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think as you look at the pipeline right now, the pipeline is a little over $1 billion in size. If you look at our number to date, $1.4 billion close in a range of $1.5 billion to 1.6 billion for the year, that would suggest we don't expect to close any significant number of deals or size deals during the fourth quarter. And that's really based on what we see on the pipeline at the moment. That doesn't mean we don't have sizable deals in the pipeline, but none of them are in the fourth quarter. I would expect going forward, as we look at the acquisition environment, we're going to continue to see some impact of what's going on in the credit world. And I think that's going to probably dictate when and how people look at selling assets. And it's unclear at the moment for me to see what that landscape is going to look like. But I would expect that as 2009 unfolds, maybe by the second or clearly by the third quarter, we'll have a much better view of that. And I would expect that valuations in fact would trend downward as a result of that. Certainly, the cost of funds is going to be higher and you could then also anticipate that the amount of leverage available on sizable deals is going to be a lot less. And that would clearly work in our advantage.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Yes. Okay, thank you. And then the other thing I wanted to ask about is the North American construction products business. In residential market, there is an interesting patterns developed in the three quarters so far this year. In each of the first three quarters, housing starts have been down about 30% compared with prior year. But your comparisons have improved from down 20 in the first quarter to 16 in the second and now down only 12 in the third. So I'm interested in what's driving this improvement. I suspect a piece of it would be pricing. But I find myself wanting to make the in fronts that if the year-to-year decline in housing starts to narrow to something like 10% to 15% you all might be reporting flat or even up revenue in that market. So could you just talk about what you're seeing there?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Clearly, we've positioned ourselves in this kind of a difficult market to be able to take advantage in share position, and that's really what we've been doing. We've being doing it on several fronts. Certainly, from a new products standpoint, we've done a number of things that have helped there. But primarily, I think it's the position that we have in the marketplace vis-à-vis most of our competitors who are importing products into this market. Their import advantages from a cost standpoint and a supply standpoint have clearly changed over the last 18 months. And local availability of product is extremely important because they aren't... the buying patterns are different. People aren't --
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Nobody is carrying inventory.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Nobody is carrying inventory and the capability for people to buy multi container loads and rely on them arriving on timely basis are clearly are not there, so you find a lot of people that may have bought a container before buying a quarter of a container or a quarter of a truck, if you will, of product.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So they need local availability of product that we clearly have been able to take advantage of that with our geographic footprint on our supply base here in North America. That's certainly been helpful.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. Next, Daniel Dowd, Bernstein. Your line is open.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Candy, this will be the last question we will take. Thank you.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Thanks for taking this last one guys. Actually, I'll ask about your acquisitions as well. As you think about 2009 certainly being very weak in North America end markets and European end markets, are you adjusting your acquisition appetite to focus a much higher percentage of that acquisitions on Asia Pacific? Or is there any geographic strategy or alternatively a strategy to be more focused on certain kinds of end markets... certain kind business units where the end markets are likely to be less painful in 2009 and 2010?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think clearly as we develop our acquisition strategies at the group level, we clearly are looking at obviously a number of different dynamics. But the long-term view on those markets is really what drives our appetite for wanting to acquire. We want to be comfortable. But after we have acquired these businesses, we've done our 8020 work, and that we're on the growth side four or five years down the road that those businesses that going to be solid contributors. So we certainly don't want to be acquiring into end markets that we think are going to continue to contract or that have fundamentals that don't fit our profitability profile. Those are natural parts of the way we look at acquisitions. With that said, clearly, opportunities we've seen from a valuation standpoint have driven our interests or our capabilities to be primarily more international in focus the last two years. Certainly, if you look at the numbers year-to-date, that will change significantly. The CCI acquisition that John spoke about earlier is a complete North American acquisition, is a large one, $400 million. So the concentration of revenues of that's all in North America. So I suspect that if you look our year-to-date numbers, that more than 50% of the acquired revenues are probably in North America as a result of that acquisition. If you strip that one out, probably closer to 70% of the revenues were international. So as you look across our business base and the opportunities, it will obviously skew what the impacts are. But the valuations and the capabilities to execute in the space is probably what's driven more of what we've been able to close in the past. I think the opportunities have been there, but the valuations were out of line I expect going forward that the opportunities will be there and the valuations will be much more in line. So I would expect over time that to mean that some of the larger opportunities we missed out on in '06 and '07 will be opportunities we could transact on in '09 and '10 going ahead.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Correct. And then I guess one last thing, so certainly one of the issues that investors have talked about a lot is that your debt to equity ratio over time has been quite low compared to a lot of other companies. Clearly, that has turned out to be a significant strength in this environment. Has the tightening of credit made you think you should become even more conservative on your balance sheet? Or are you going to be more comfortable continuing to increase the debt to equity level?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think as we've said, we are comfortable in the 20% to 30% range with our current profile of acquisitions, acquiring revenues somewhere in the 5% to 7% of our annualized revenues annually. Going above that means that is better opportunities, larger opportunities and we are certainly comfortable going above that range. So I don't think it's changed our profile. Certainly, we've looked at what's happened in the credit markets and we follow closely the impact not only on ourselves, but on our customers and our markets. And as Ron highlighted earlier in his comments about our commercial paper and short-term financing, we've done well in this environment, which makes me comfortable that even in this kind of a market of turbulence, we've been able to continue to place our commercial paper at reasonable rates, which is a pretty good reflection of I think the quality of our balance sheet. So I don't see any reason for us to pull our horns in, if you will, but certainly for us to leverage significantly. Higher than this, it's going to be based on really looking at acquisition opportunities that we think fit the long-term growth profile. If those come along, we are comfortable going above the current levels that we are at.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Thank you.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: That will end the call for today. So we thank everybody for joining us and we look forward to hearing from you again. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - VP, IR David B. Speer - Chairman and CEO Ronald D. Kropp - CFO
Analysts: Shannon O'callaghan - Lehman Brothers Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Ned Armstrong - FBR Capital Markets Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird John Inch - Merrill Lynch Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research
Operator: Welcome to the ITW Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call... the meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2008 conference call. With me today is David Speer, our CEO, and Ron Kropp, our CFO. As always, thanks for joining us. At this point, David will make some brief comments about the recently concluded quarter. David?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Given the current state of the economy in the U.S., our operating performance in the second quarter was impressive on a number of levels. Let me cite a few examples. Our diluted income per share from continuing operations grew a strong 17% in the quarter. Total company revenues increased 10.5% in the quarter, as second quarter total company operating margins of 16.6% were 20 basis points lower than the year-ago period. But most notably, base margins were 30 basis points higher than a year ago. We continue to acquire companies that add both revenue size and diversification. Through June 30th, we have completed 26 acquisitions, representing $538 million of annualized revenues. Notably, more than two-thirds of these acquired revenue estimates emanate from European and Asia Pacific locales. Finally, we continue to repurchase shares in a value-adding way. Through 30th, the company has paid $585.6 million to repurchase 11.8 million shares. All in all, we believe, our operating performance in the second quarter exemplifies our ability to outperform across slowing end markets, thanks in large part to our decentralized operating structure and our aggressive efforts to manage our operating costs. John, let me turn it back over to you.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us shortly to review our Q2 financial performance. I will then cover operating highlights for our eight reporting segments. Ron will then address our 2008 full year and third quarter earnings forecast and associated assumptions. Finally, David, Ron, and I will take your questions. As always, we ask for your cooperation for the one question, one follow-up question policy. We are targeting the completion time of one hour for today's call. First, the usual disclaimers. Please note that this call and accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitations, statements regarding operating performance, revenue growth, operating income, diluted income per share from continuing operations, and use of free cash, acquisitions, end market conditions, charges and the company's related forecasts. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations are set forth in ITW's Form 10-Q for the 2008 first quarter. Finally, before we go to Rob, the telephone replay for this conference call is 203-369-1553. No passcode is necessary. The playback number will be available through 12 midnight on July 31, 2008. You can also access our second quarter conference call PowerPoint Presentation via the itw.com website. Once you access the Investor Information section, just look for the Events tab. Now, let me turn the call over to Ron. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John. Good afternoon everybody. The highlights for what we believe to be a very good quarter were as follows: revenues grew 11%, primarily due to currency translation and acquisition. Operating income was up 9% but margins were lower by 20 basis points. Diluted income per share from continuing operations of $1.01 was 17% higher than last year. And free operating cash flow were $354 million. Note that the second quarters typically are our lowest free cash flow quarter of the year. Now, let's go to the details of our operating results. Our 10.5% revenue growth was primarily due to two factors. First, acquisitions added 4.2% to revenue growth, which was 200 basis points lower than the first quarter 2008 acquisition effect. Secondly, currency translation increased revenues by 6.4%, which was a 160 basis-point higher than the first quarter currency effect. In addition, base business revenue was flat, which was unfavorable by 40 basis points versus the first quarter of 2008. International base revenue increased 2.6%, which was 200 basis points lower than the first quarter. We have seen some softening in some of our end markets in Europe but Asia remained strong. North American base revenues decreased 1.8%, which was favorable by 70 basis points versus the first quarter. Still, the North American business has continued to see the effect of slowing industrial production and declines in residential construction and automotive production. Operating margins for the second quarter of 16.6% were lower than last year by 20 basis points. The base businesses improved margins 30 basis points to offset the negative acquisition effect of 30 basis points. Also, higher restructuring expenses reduced margins by 20 basis points. When I turn it back over to John, he will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $11 million as a result of the euro bonds issued in October 2007. Other non-operating income and expense in the second quarter was favorable versus the prior year by $2 million. The second quarter effective tax rate of 29% was lower than the first quarter '07 rate of 30.6%. The effective tax rate of between 29.75% and 30.25% is expected for the full year. Income from discontinued operations was lower than last year by $26 million, primarily due to a gain on the sale of the tyre uniformity business, in the second quarter of last year. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital increased $691 million from the first quarter, primarily due to acquisitions and higher operating working capital. Due to acquisitions and higher mix of international revenues, accounts receivable DSO was 65 days, at the end of the second quarter versus 62.7 last year. Inventories months on hand is 1.9 at the end of the quarter. The second quarter capital expenditures were $96 million and depreciation was $99 million. ROIC declined to 18.8% versus 19.1% last year, as a result of the dilutive impact of acquisition. On the financing side, our debt increased $153 million from last quarter, primarily due to higher U.S. commercial paper. Our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 24% from 23% last quarter. Shares outstanding at June 30th, were 519.4 million. Note that the effective options typically add 3 million to 4 million shares to dilutive share calculation. Our cash position decreased $287 million in the second quarter as our free operating cash flow of $354 million and net borrowings of $110 million were utilized for acquisitions of 442 million and dividends of $146 million. In addition, we spent $200 million in the quarter to repurchase 3.9 million shares under our ongoing open-ended program. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired 10 companies in the second quarter which had annual revenues of $308 million. Year-to-date we've done 26 deals with acquired revenues $538 million, of which by two-thirds is outside North America. Most significant acquisitions in the quarter were Stokvis Tape Group, an international supplier of die-cut adhesives and tapes with annualized revenues of more than 250 million. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on our second quarter operating results.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Ron. Let's review the second quarter highlights for our eight segments. Beginning with industrial packaging, revenues increased 14.6% and operating income grew 17.3% in the quarter. Operating margins of 13.2% were 30 basis points higher than the year ago period, thanks to a 90 basis-point improvement in base margins. The 14.6% increase in top line consisted of the following: 0.7% from base revenues, 5.5% from acquisitions and 8.4% from translation. Industrial packaging segment produced Q2 base revenue growth of approximately 1% in the quarter with North American base revenues growing, again, approximately 1% and international base revenues contributing about half of a point. As a result of negative industrial production in North America and slowing activity internationally, the strapping equipment businesses in both geographies produced slightly negative base revenue growth in the quarter. The segment was aided by worldwide insulation businesses which grew base revenues more than 30% in the quarter, thanks to its focus on energy-related applications, such as refineries and natural gas plants. This business has seen significant demand for its products on a global basis, especially in India and other developing economies. Moving to the next segment, Power Systems and Electronics. In the second quarter, segment revenues increased 14.8% and operating income grew an impressive 22.4%. Operating margins of 21.9% were 140 basis points higher than the year ago period. Base margins improved 210 basis points in the quarter. The 14.8% growth in revenues consisted of the following: 7.7% from base revenues, 3.7% from acquisitions and 3.4% from translation. The Power Systems and Electronics segment grew base revenues an impressive 8% in Q2 '08, as the largest base entity in the segment, welding grew its worldwide base revenues 9% in the quarter. The welding group's international base revenues grew a very strong 25% in the quarter, thanks to high levels of demand in Asia, especially China, for especially consumable products, serving energy pipeline and shipbuilding applications. Despite softness in a variety of industrial end markets, base revenues for North American welding increased 3% in the quarter. Segment growth was also aided by the PC board fabrication businesses, which increased base revenues 7% in Q2. Moving to the next segment, Transportation. In the second quarter, segment revenues increased 8% and operation income declined 6.9%. Operating margins of 15.8% were 240 basis points lower than the year ago period. Base margins declined 160 basis points in the quarter, thanks principally to a significant reduction in auto builds by the Detroit 3. The 8% growth in top line consisted of the following: minus 4.7% for base revenues, 5.6% from acquisitions and 7.2% from translation. As noted, the Transportation segment saw base revenues decline nearly 5% in Q2, with North American base revenues decreasing 8%, and international base revenues were essentially flat. In North America, our automotive OEM base revenues decreased only 13%, even though, Detroit 3 auto builds fell 21% in the quarter. Here are the particulars in the quarter: GM was down 28%; Ford was down 15%, and Chrysler was down 19%. New domestic builds decreased only 1% in the quarter. On a combined basis, builds were down 14% in Q2. We now expect Detroit 3 builds for the second half of the year to decline approximately 15%. If this occurs, full year 2008 Detroit 3 and new domestic builds will be down in the range of 10% to 12% on a year-over-year basis. Internationally, our automotive OEM base revenues were flat while builds increased 3% in Q2. Key OEM builds in Q2 were as follows: Daimler plus 8%, DW Group [ph] plus 3%, Ford Group was flat, Renault minus 2.3%, and BMW million minus 3.5%. Finally, our worldwide auto aftermarket businesses grew base revenues an impressive 6% in Q2. Future growth trends bode well for these businesses and consumers are holding under their vehicles for extended periods of time. Moving to the fourth segment, construction products. In Q2, segment revenues grew 4.6% and operating income declined 3.5%. Operating income was impacted by ongoing weak fundamentals in a variety of North American construction categories. Operating margins of 13.8% were 120 basis points lower than the year ago period, as a result of a 150 basis-point decline in base margins. The 4.6% increase in top line consisted of the following: minus 4.3% from base revenues, 0.6% from acquisitions and 8.2% from translation. Now some background on the Construction segment. We saw total worldwide base revenues decline 4% in Q2, principally due to ongoing weak fundamentals in North America, again, partially offset by better performance internationally North American construction base revenues fell 12% in Q2, a modest improvement from its minus 18% performance in Q1. Our residential construction base revenues decreased 16% in Q2, while U.S. housing starts were down 30% in the quarter. In addition, our renovation base revenues decreased 10% of sales as the big box stores continued to be weak. Finally, commercial construction fell 6% in Q2, due in part to double-digit declines in key commercial categories, such as stores and foodservice, manufacturing and warehouses. Internationally, the story was better. Base revenues grew 2% in the quarter, thanks to an 8% base revenue growth in Asia Pacific. European base revenues, however, declined 2% in the quarter, as key construction countries, such as UK, Spain, and Ireland, all exhibited weakness compared to Q1. Moving to Food Equipment, in the second quarter segment revenues grew 13.7% and operating income increased 11.1%. Operating margins of 13.6% were 30 basis points lower than a year ago. Base margins declined 40 basis points compared to the year ago period. The 13.7% increase in revenues consisted of the following: 2.3% from base revenues, 5.1% from acquisitions and 6.3% from translation. Food Equipment segment produced worldwide base revenue growth of 2% in the quarter, thanks to contributions both in North America and International operations. In North America, base revenues increased 2%, largely as a result of 2% growth from equipment sold to institutions and restaurants. The North American service business grew its base revenues 3% in the quarter. Internationally base revenues grew 4%, thanks to contribution through both Asian and European businesses. In our Decorative Surfaces, in the second quarter, segment revenues decreased 4.1% and operating income declined 0.5%. Operating margins of 14.1% were 70 basis points lower than a year ago. And base margins were 40 basis points lower than the prior year period. The 4.1% increase in revenues consisted of the following: minus 1.3% from base and 5.4% from translation. The Decorative Surfaces segment, our worldwide base revenues declined 1% in the quarter mainly due to North American base revenues falling 2%. Growth in our base laminate business, used for a variety of commercial residential and renovation applications, actually grew base revenues 1% in the quarter, due to its larger commercial exposure and new product introductions. Base revenues declined double digits for Wilsonart's [ph] slowing business in Q2. Internationally, base revenues were flat in the quarter with Asia Pacific growing 16% and European base revenues down 2%. In the Polymers and Fluids segment, in the second quarter, segment revenues increased a very strong 31% and operating income grew an equally impressive 35.5%. Operating margins of 18.3% were 60 basis points higher than the year ago period and base margins improved very strong 290 basis points in Q2 versus a year ago. The 31% increase in segment revenues consisted of the following: 2.3% from base, 20.7% from acquisitions and 8% from translation. Polymers and Fluids segment produced worldwide base revenue growth of 2% in the quarter with 6% of total segment growth coming from North America. Geographically, the North American Polymers business grew base revenues an impressive 9% in the quarter, thanks to specialty adhesive and proxy products for a wide range of industries, including industrial construction and consumer applications. The North American Fluids saw base revenues decline 1% in Q2. Internationally, base revenues were flat as international polymers grew base revenues 3% and international fluids base revenues declined 6%. Finally, moving to our final segment, All Other, in the first quarter, segment revenues increased 5.1% and operating income grew 6.4%. Operating margins of 19.6% were 20 basis points higher than the year ago period. Base margins improved 40 basis points compared to a year ago. The 5.1% increase in segment revenues consisted of the following: minus 0.9% from base revenues, 1.1% from acquisitions, and 4.8% from translation. As you know, the All Other segment consists of a variety of worldwide ITW businesses. In the second quarter, worldwide base revenues declined approximately 1%. For our reporting purposes here today, we will talk about four major sub-categories, which include test and measurement, consumer packaging, finishing, and appliance and industrial products. Worldwide base revenues for these sub-categories were as follows: our test and measurement area, which is an emerging segment for us, grew base revenues 9% in the second quarter and that's coming off of a strong 8% base revenue growth in Q1. Consumer packaging base revenues declined 2% in Q2. And our finishing category base revenues declined 2% in Q2, and our appliance and industrial base revenues declined 5% in Q2 with the appliance related piece of that accounting for most of the base revenue decline. Now, let me the turn the call back over to Ron who will address the 2008 forecast and related assumptions.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. We are forecasting third quarter 2008 diluted income from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.93 to $0.99 per share. The low end of this range assumes 10% growth in total revenues, and the high end of range assumes 14% total revenue growth. The midpoint of this EPS range of $0.96 would be 8% higher than the prior year. For full year 2008, our forecasted earnings range is $3.40 and $3.52 per share. Full year total revenue growth is expected to be in the range of 9% to 12%. The midpoint of this earnings range of $3.46 per share would be 5% higher than 2007. This midpoint of $3.46 is $0.04 higher than our previous range as a result of our actual second quarter results being $0.04 better than the midpoint. Excluding the two special charges in the first quarter, the midpoint of the full year EPS range would be 12% higher than 2007. Other assumptions included in this forecast are: exchange rates holding at current levels; acquired revenues in the range of $800 million to $1.2 billion; share repurchases for the year of $800 million to $1 billion; no further impairment of goodwill or intangibles; net non-operating expense, which includes both interest and other non-operating income, in a range of $125 million to $135 million for the full year, which is unfavorable versus last year by $82 million to $92 million; and the tax range between 28.75, 29.25 for the third quarter and 29.75 to 30.25 for the full year. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Ron. We'll now open the call of your questions. Again I remind everybody about the one question, one follow-up question policy. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Securities. I'm sorry... the first question comes from Shannon O'callaghan at Lehman Brothers. Your line is open.
Shannon O'callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Good morning guys.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi Shannon.
Shannon O'callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Can you talk about the overall, I guess, base revenue view for the year now? What it is versus what you thought and some of the puts and takes. I mean if you had something's get worse, something's get better?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, if you look at what we see happening for the rest of the year, I would describe it perhaps as more of the same. That is weak growth, weak numbers here in North America, a continuing slowing trajectory in Europe, and a continued strong performance in Asia. So I think, we would expect the second half base numbers to be somewhere in the all-in range, somewhere in the 0 to 2% range.
Shannon O'callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Can you flash out I guess the international picture a little bit? I mean you saw some international weakness certainly in Europe. You're characterizing Asia as sort of just a strong. When did you start to see some of this weakness materialize in Europe and how bad do you think it's going to be?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think the weakness we have seen in Europe were characterized probably by some of the larger data segments that we talked about earlier. And that is in auto. The build rate in Europe is flat, probably for the second half, it will be down slightly. And in construction, certainly in the residential categories and now in the commercial categories, we have seen market activity there dip as well. The residential sectors in Spain, Ireland, the UK have been weak, since the end of last year. And the commercial sectors in some of those countries have also started to weaken, but still in positive territory in the commercial side. So I think Europe, I would describe Europe, the slowing in Europe is largely in line with what we had projected as we began the year. So nothing really outside of what we had expected. We've seen some of that also in the general industrial markets in Europe as well, as the numbers are coming down to 0 to 2% kind of growth in some of those markets, back into the more traditional sort of European range but also coming off some pretty strong comparables to same period last year.
Shannon O'callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just one last clarification. Just so, obviously auto is one thing we know that's been a little worse than the last projection. I mean, would you say, I mean, I guess Power Systems is clearly coming in very strong. Is that... that looks like a potentially an offset to some of that incremental weakness there, is Power Systems coming in stronger than you thought? Is that kind of a rate you saw internationally in the quarter there sustainable?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Power Systems has definitely been stronger than what we had in our original projections. And certainly the international side has been very strong. So that certainly has been a large upside. And the test and measurement area is also stronger than what we had anticipated. Those are probably the two most notable strong areas that I would highlight.
Shannon O'callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Securities. Your line is open.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Eli.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Good afternoon. I was sort [ph] of confusing for a minute. We just saw on the trends; your guidance for the second half of the year implies a softening economically results slowly [ph]. Your third quarter is a little bit softer than the second quarter. And by implication, your fourth quarter actually is a little softer than the third quarter. Is that just strictly based on economic forecast? currency anniversaries at year end, you're getting a nickel a quarter from currency, looks like at this point. Current guidance, the trends that you are seeing, particularly there's going to be more implications for 2009 than anything else.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me answer that Eli, first, and then I'll let Ron comment as well. I think, first of all, if you look at our numbers traditionally, the second quarters are strongest quarter. So the trends you're seeing in the third and fourth quarter are pretty much in line with how our years normally unfold. I certainly would also suggest that as we look at developing our plans originally, our second half is really in line with what we had outlined. So really nothing remarkable there. As I mentioned earlier, some things may be somewhat weaker and some thing somewhat stronger but all in, the numbers that we're showing for the second half are pretty much in line with our original plan and guidance. So I'll let Ron add a little more flavor if he would like.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think just to reiterate it, I think the base level we're talking about, rest of the year is pretty consistent with where we've been in the first half at zero to 2% range. Acquisitions have been about the same. Currency, as David mentioned, currency that we will see a little bit less of advances in currency in the second half as we had very some strong currency especially in the fourth quarter last year. So that will tick up a bit. On the margin side, we expect to be, something that's similar 15 to 16% range for the rest of the year as well.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's really more of the same.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Okay. And can you talk about cost price going on in business? We ramp in material inflation cost everywhere, globally. Can you talk about how much of your quarter is pricing or give some flavor what's going on in pricing across your businesses, where the strengths are, the overall pricing and what the assumptions you have in the second half as far as cost price?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: You are correct that we are definitely seeing some raw material price increases this quarter. And I think we will see some more in the second half here, especially in the steel area. And some of our businesses have seen steel increases in that 30 to 40% range in the quarter and the rest obviously has been significant. Also, less so on the resin in the second quarter but we are expecting to see some more increases in resin given the price of oil in the third and fourth quarters. So, overall, I think we've done a pretty reasonable job of recovering these cost increases. But most of our businesses have recovered the dollar amount of the cost increase. So we haven't fully been able to recover all the full margin impact. So as that is diluting margins a bit in the second quarter, the impact of pricing and cost was a negative 50 basis points for the whole company, versus about negative 20 basis points in the first quarter of this year.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So we've seen some multiple increases particularly in the steel category. I think on a year-to-date basis, the average steel increase for us now for our businesses is approaching 100%. We've had multiple increases in the second quarter. So as Ron pointed out a 50 basis point detrimental impact in the second quarter and that's really because we haven't been able to get price increases in fast enough to support multiple cost increases. I expect we will see a similar trend in the third quarter. And I think as we head towards the end of the year, we'll see some catch-up occurring. But clearly, the steel is most notable. We've also seen inflation cost pressures on plastic resins and chemicals, but not to the same degree.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Do you have a make-up, how much first sales were up, by pricing and how much pricing in the quarter?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes. For the quarter overall it's in that, 1, 1 plus percent range.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll go back in queue.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Eli.
Operator: The next question comes from Deane Dray of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey Deane.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: It sounds like you can't... David, would love to hear you recap the Enodis transaction. This was unique for ITW in that you engaged in a public bidding process for an asset that did get pricy. But the good news is you did not end up with the winners curse, but there are some certainly some puts and takes here and what should the takeaway be for us today?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think the takeaway, I would say, are a couple of things. Deane, first of all, we think of food equipment category continues to remain an attractive category, even without the Enodis acquisition, we think there are many good opportunities to continue to acquire in the segment. We think the fundamentals as shown by our performance in the segment over the last seven or eight years remain there. We've seen strong growth both in our base revenues and in our margins throughout that period. So we are encouraged that it's a category that continues to be attractive to us, and we have a nice pipeline at the moment of additional opportunities. So we'll continue to be active in that space. So I think that's certainly one takeaway. The second takeaway is frankly, while the asset was attractive and certainly we think it fit very well strategically, we maintain the valuation discipline on this process. And well even our did by our standers was a pricy bid at 280, positioning the company there at about almost 12 times EBITDA, we think that it was at that level a very attractive deal for us. But the number ultimately went for 328 well beyond what we thought was a reasonable valuation. So I think in spite of the fact that it was strategically attractive and in spite of the fact that we think we could have done very well with it as demonstrated by how well we've done with TRYMER [ph] there was a limit to what we thought the valuation was. And I think discipline we maintained in that process was evident by the fact that, while we could have bid higher, we didn't.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Sounds good. I mean the takeaway is, it looks like you never caught deal fever on this. But how about pipeline of transactions, as it looks today in terms of, if you would characterize it, is it still more skewed outside the U.S.? And how about by segment line, is there... are there products that would have higher growth content, more test and measurement? Just can you give us some color there, if you could?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes sure. The pipeline remains strong. The pipeline is in the $1.5 billion range in terms of total revenues. That's got about six months visibility to it. So we are starting to see, at the end of the year, if you own in our pipeline, our close rate the last couple of years has been somewhere in the 60% range, just as a matter of reference. We have, at the moment, in the pipeline, two larger transactions, larger being greater than 200 million in size. There are several transactions in that size range that we think will close, hopefully in the next 30 to 45 days. So I would expect that, if they close according to schedule, that will be perhaps addressing the range as we look at the year going forward, when we release our monthly update in September. So I think I would characterize the pipeline as strong, good spread in terms of businesses. There are three nice deals in the pipeline that would feed into our test and measurement space, and equally some nice deals in a couple of other spaces as well. So, I would characterize it as probably the most robust pipeline since I've been CEO for sure.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Well that says a lot. We'll stay tuned, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon everybody.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Andy.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: If you could give a little more color on the non-volume negative margin impact on construction, food equipment and auto and then the positive impact on Polymers and Fluids please.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Construction, food equipment, auto, polymers and fluids, okay. So starting with construction, non-volume was negative 33 basis points, was actually better than it was in the first quarter, negative 50 basis points. Of that 20 basis points less negative 20 [ph] pricing and cost. So it's mostly pricing and cost. In the food equipment area, negative 100 basis points, most of that is related to a variety of issues, including mix, additional loss costs on new products, and also higher vehicle expenses primarily related to fuel. In the transportation area, negative 60 basis points, this quarter, price cost, negative 30, the rest of is a variety of mix and other issues, something significant. On the Polymers and Fluids side, favorable 230 basis point. Price cost was actually negative 50 in this segment but overhead was favorable by 245 basis points. And they've done a really nice job in this group of controlling overhead costs, and we've also seen some benefit of past restructuring programs.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Okay thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Hi good afternoon. This is Ann Duignan.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi Ann.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Hi. Could you just tell us, you took down your non-operating expense by $10 million your guidance for the year, a) why and b) how much of that fell in Q2 and how much of it falls in to the remaining of the year?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Most of that was in Q2, a little bit rest of the year. But we picked up about $0.02, $0.015 in the second quarter and non-operating carried out, which is what we expected.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Was there anything in particular, was it just --
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: No, a few different issues that the biggest thing probably would be being higher gains on our venture capital fund in our investment portfolio.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then my follow-up, David, back to you on the organic growth. If I look at your different businesses, I only see Power Systems and Electronics really accelerating, all the other businesses are either very weak or decelerating. How confident are you that, that business alone can get you to a flat organic growth for the remainder of the year? Or are you seeing some other end markets beginning to recover?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think there is... I think clearly that group alone stands out as being the strongest growth trajectory, but there are other pieces of businesses, not necessarily whole segments that are, that are still growing nicely. And certainly in the All Other category where we have test and measurement, that's growing nicely. But there are probably only three or four businesses, I would put in that category, that have enough trajectory, if you will, at the moment for us to be comfortable, those numbers are good. I think the declines that we've seen, particularly in auto and construction, and certainly in North America have been well headed and are really imbedded in our views going forward as Ron and John highlighted earlier. We're talking about auto build in the second half of the year now that is minus... somewhere in the minus 10% to 12% range. I might remind you that when the year started the forecasts were for the auto industry to be down in the 6% range. So we have clearly recognized that we've had greater negative growth in auto and somewhat greater negative growth in residential construction than perhaps we began the year with. But all in, I think from an organic growth standpoint, I think the numbers we're seeing are representative of what we would expect to see play out in the second half of the year, with some puts and takes here and there. But all in I think we're comfortable with those numbers.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: I would also add, you'd probably want to add food equipment and polymers and fluids at least as a segments, they're going to probably hold their own through the second half of the year as opposed to further deceleration.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay, that's helpful actually, because as I looked at those businesses, I saw the decline. Also if you look at the rate of decline in international markets versus the rate of improvement, if you call it improvement in North America, I mean the rate of decline internationally looks like it's much more aggressive than the rate of improvements. I am just concerning that, places like Europe are going to fall significantly in the back half.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well again, we are not coming out with a base revenue number that's a big positive number. We are looking for something in 0 to up to 2. So I think we think we are being conservative in our approach here.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We had already, as an example, in the second quarter built in some modest improvement in North America and a decline in Europe. And that's in fact what played out. While Europe was still positive, it was positive at lower number plus 3% for us. And North America was slightly better in terms of relationship with the first quarter. But I think we are pretty much in the categories in terms of growth that we had expected as we laid out this year's plans. So I don't see anything remarkably different all in than what we sort of put together in the year end.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay. And you guys usually are conservative, so I will leave it at that. Thanks.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Nice compliment.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Yes.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Ann.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Coming from me, yes.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Dowd of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi Dan.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Hey two things really. You noted specifically that the UK, Spain and Ireland were weak in the construction market. Did you notice any specific weakness for alternatively continued strength in Eastern Europe?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well Dan, what I highlighted in those three markets, first of all, to be clear was primarily residential and obviously those markets are markets that have been under pressure from residential standpoint for probably at least three quarters now. Eastern Europe, I would say that the construction activity as we see, has still been reasonable but it's a relatively small number by comparison to the West of Europe. So while it's got interesting numbers, all in impact is relatively modest.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay. And I want to make sure I understood what you said earlier in the comments about Q1 North American residential compared to Q2. If I heard you correctly, you said, it declined 16% this quarter, but a much greater... it has declined at a much greater rate last quarter. Did I hear that correctly?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct, yes.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Do you make anything of that? Is that a blip or does that indicate decelerating pain?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: I think it indicates decelerating pain. I think a part of it is comparisons, and we're not making anything of notice at this point in time. I mean the numbers are what they are.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, I think if you look at the annualized, sort of start numbers, over the last five or six months, clearly the rate of that decline is narrowing. So, we're down in the 925 range now, clearly much lower than the 1.1 million that we finished... 1.2 million that we actually finished the year at last year. So I think we are clearly getting closer to a bottom. My guess is that the bottom is probably somewhere in the in the 800 to 900 range. So I think rate of decline is, in fact. slowing, yes. And at the bottom is approaching but as I think I have said consistently before, I think the bottom is going to be a relatively long bottom. I don't expect any significant recovery in the U.S. housing numbers, at least until end of '09 and perhaps not even until the first half of 2010.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: The first half of 2010.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've got significant inventory issue still, to deal with that... we're happy we're through before we get to the point where builds are going to return to any level in the million plus range, so.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay. And one last thing on the balance sheet, I know this is something we've talked about at length. But given where your share price is trading, is this not an opportunity to accelerate share repurchases?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: I think we're going to range for the year, yes, we grew well... yes we're pretty close to the low end of the range to begin with. So I think we have done a little bit of that versus what we expected at the beginning of the year. Secondly, as David talked about, we got a pretty good acquisition year shaping up here. So what we have always said is, we are going to use our free cash flow, first for dividends and acquisition as a priority and really share repurchases as the third priority. So it's something that we are looking at, clearly the accelerated leverage from where we were a year ago. We'll continue to look at that and consider that.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Dan, it is during this August time period that we sit down and reflect on what we have done so far in the year. And we look at our plans and outlook for the balance of the year and decide what we will do in terms of any adjustments to the ranges that Ron described. So we are in the process of looking at that, but as Ron said, we have a strong acquisition pipeline and we'll look at that relative to our cash flow projections and make some decisions during the coming weeks as to whether or not we will revise those ranges upward.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: All right thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ned Armstrong with FBR Capital Markets.
Ned Armstrong - FBR Capital Markets: Thank you. Good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Ned.
Ned Armstrong - FBR Capital Markets: I saw in your hand-out with regard to the acquisitions that the price you paid relative to sale is quite higher than it normally is. Is that reflective more of the market that you are seeing or is that related to one transaction or a couple of transactions?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's related to a couple of transactions but primarily one, the Stokvis acquisition that we did in the second quarter, came with a much higher price to sales ratio. I think it was somewhere in the 1.4 range and had obviously much stronger growth and earnings profile than our typical acquisition. So, that's really, I would call that an abrasion. If I look at the pipeline, the kinds of deals in the pipeline are more reflective of the more traditional numbers. But certainly the growth rates in that acquisition along with the fact that it already had a double-digit EBITDA earnings rate, led it to be a more expensive acquisition. I would not say it's reflective of the market on that. I think the market as we've seen has become much more realistic. I would say that our numbers are in line with what we've seen in the past, but it means those, if there is more deals that are in our range that would have been in the past couple of years.
Ned Armstrong - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, and then with the test and measurement business was quite strong as... was there any one or two industries that was driving that, or was that across the board within that business?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's been strong across a number of industries and probably a number of geographic markets. I mean probably the industries to highlight in that group, first of all, would be the bio-medical healthcare arena. We've had a strong input there. We have a good equipment sales going into a lot of the biomedical devices that end up in knee joints and hips and so forth and the testing that goes with that. Aerospace has been another very strong end market for us. As you know the boom that's going on at the moment, particularly with commercial aircraft has positioned us well. The Boeing and Airbus programs require a fair amount of testing and measurement equipment all throughout their supply chain. So that's been strong for us, and geographically it's been very strong growth for us in Asia and in Europe as well.
Ned Armstrong - FBR Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good afternoon. Most my questions have been answered. Just quickly, one, some of the other companies that have reported so far noted weakness whether it was in North America or Europe more towards June or back end of the quarter. I am wondering whether you saw the same thing. And then it's just my follow-up question. When we look at the food equipment business internationally, looks like sequentially there was a big acceleration, I think in the first quarter you were up 13%, I think now only a 4%. So, was there anything unusual in this quarter, and is that the trend we should start to think about going forward?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think as it relates to the food equipment category, I think there are some comparables in the second quarter of '07 and '08 that are somewhat anomalies. So I wouldn't put anything significantly in that. I think the growth trajectory we see internationally is in line with what we discussed earlier, which is somewhat slowing growth rate in Europe compared to 2007 and continued good growth rates in the Asia regions. So, I would describe what you saw internationally in Q2 is somewhat of a one-off. What was the first part of the question? I am sorry.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: The first part
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Or international, Jamie, you were asking about for July, June to July?
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Well, no, I guess I was just asking about a lot of other companies that have reported... noticed whether it was in North America or even internationally that things fell off, sort of, in June or late in the quarter. I am just wondering how your quarter sort of played out.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think we saw... not... certainly not across the board. Again, we have some end markets that are decelerating at the moment. So the fall off naturally would have been greater towards the end of the end of the quarter, but not anything overall. I think the declines that we've seen and the growth we've seen, I wouldn't say there's been any remarkable change in the latter part of the quarter.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: And June came in basically around zero. I mean, we had [ph] zero for us.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And that would be the same for Western Europe too, as I think is generally?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: I am talking about the total company number down. The base is zero for the total company for June.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: I am asking about Western Europe, though.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, no. Western Europe, I would say, no. I wouldn't say that we saw any significant rate of decline in Western Europe. Again, the decline in Western Europe, we have seen a deceleration in Western Europe. We still had positive base growth in Western Europe, however. But I would certainly say that the growth rates, if that's your, have certainly declined in Europe and that would certainly be the case in the second half of the quarter.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: But, Jamie, the growth rate that David's talking about from June to what we are seeing early sign for July for period seven.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Yes.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Our period [ph] international, we are not seeing any significant change in growth rates.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: All right. That was my question. Thanks, John. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert McCarthy of Robert W. Baird, your line is open.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon guys.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Definitely most questions asked and answered at this point, but is there any one of your businesses, David, that you could identify where you are seeing a potentially growing impact of tight credit conditions outside of just generally weak macroeconomic growth?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldn't say any business in particular, Rob. I think the normal markets that we would see that first in are generally in residential construction, but that market is, as you know, very depressive at the moment. So that's normally our kind of bell whether when you see any kind credit issues, but given the weakness in that market, that clearly isn't the case at the moment. So, no, I wouldn't say there is any particular end market. Certainly the credit issues have impacted the small to medium size businesses, more so... disproportionately so than the larger businesses. It's probably created somewhat of an air of concern and negativity, but in term of actually creating problems with being able to transact business, nothing materially.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay, good. And second question, recent news item having to do with the termination of supply agreement from the long time solid supplier to the decorative surfaces business. Is it just a technical issue or negotiating situation or is there something material going on there?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, you are talking about the decorative surfaces businesses, Rob?
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. No, it's nothing, it's nothing material, no.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: In other words, your ongoing... ongoing availability of those products aren't being constrained in any way?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not at all.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: All right, very good, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Henry Curran [ph] of UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon guys.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Henry.
Unidentified Analyst: The auto market has been weak for some time now. When do you think that market could actually start to bottom?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's an interesting question. There were a lot of pundits that are much smarter than I. They were in December of last year predicting a 5% decline is the bottom, clearly is more close to being right. At the current build rate projections now for the year, we are under 13.5 million vehicles. I think we are closer to 13.3 million. I have to believe that that rate is probably getting close to the bottom, but there still may be some adjustment. I think what is probably likely to happen is continued displacement, obviously, with the large vehicles and SUVs, most notably, had a heavier concentration on smaller vehicles. That trend has accelerated clearly. The question is do we have the capacities in the small vehicle category to make up the overall builds and that's a still a factor, I think, to be figured out. Both GM and Ford are spending a fair amount of time now obviously directing resources more to the small end of the category. But I think the sales rate of vehicles and the build rates are probably getting close to the bottom, but I wouldn't want to be so boldest to say that we are necessarily there yet. The same consumer who is having problems with his home mortgage is the same one coming on buy a vehicle. So, until the credit crunches issues are resolved, it's going to be hard to predict exactly where the bottom is. But I think when you see the decline steadily from 17 plus million vehicles five years ago to where we are today, I have to believe that we are within perhaps 400,000 or 500,000 vehicles of the bottom.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. Is it possible to talk about the margin headwinds that you expect from acquisitions going forward?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Well, as you probably know, we tend to acquire company this has much lower margins than our content. Typically the margins before amortization charges are in that 8% to 10% range. So we'd had a couple of good years of acquisitions. Clearly that's had an impact on our margins over the last couple of years, although less of an impact in this year than it has over the last couple of year. So, that's something that we do talk about every quarter. For instance, in this quarter, it had a negative 30 basis point margin impact and I would expect something... something similar in that 30 to 50 to 60 basis point impact through the rest of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks a lot, good quarter guys.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Inch of Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good afternoon.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Hey. So jut can you remind me, maybe Ron or David, why was the operating cash down again year-over-year? You were sort of thinking a kind of sluggish environment you'd be able to harvest some working capital. Was there something unusual about the second quarter? And how do you think about cash flow for the rest of the year?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: John, the second quarter is typically our lowest free cash quarter. That's our highest sales quarter. So, receivables are at the highest. So, typically it is less than 100% of net income, which is kind of our annual target. And so this quarter it's about two-thirds net income. Last year in the second quarter it was more than that, it was $442 million, about 80%, 88% of net income. So year-on-year it is down almost 90 million. And it's really due to a couple of different things: one is receivable. Receivables have picked up a bit a day or two in DSO. Part of that is acquisitions, part of that is a higher mix of international revenues over the last 12 months, which tend to have longer terms than in North America. And some of it is just some of our customers are taking a day or two longer generally. So that's fairly broad-based, a day or two. Other part of it is inventories, cost us free cash of about 30 million. So that's not terribly significant and we had a pretty good inventory quarter in the second quarter of last year. And then lastly, income taxes tend to bounce around a bit and had a negative $50 million impact year-on-year in the quarter on free cash. But, as we did last year, we expects some strong free cash flow quarters for the rest of the year. As an example, last year in the third quarter, we were at 130% of net income and in the forth quarter almost at a 150%. So, we expect that to continue as we correct these receivables that we generated this quarter and move inventories down, which is what we typically do in the last half of the year.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just for my follow-up question, I mean, ITW continues to, I think, pretty impressively outperform some pretty tough auto markets. Can you just remind us again why you are doing much better than the actual field numbers? Is it an issue of platforms or products or what is it again and do you expect this outperformance to continue?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's certainly a question of penetration, John, and it's an increased concentration on the vehicle platforms. And certainly with the range of new products that we have introduced, those have been targeted at newer vehicle platforms, in areas where we think we can pick up significant penetration. So we expect year-on-year to outperform the build. Typically in North America, with the Detroit 3, our penetration gains are usually somewhere in the 4% to 5% range. They have been higher than that with the new domestics. Penetration gains with the new domestic have been above 10%. And so that certainly helps us well. You may recall that we have focused on the new domestics significantly in the last three or four years and it's beginning to show now in our numbers and clearly their build numbers are down less. Our penetration rates with them are up greater. So it's a combination of penetration gains and new products aimed at the platforms that... they clearly are the ones that are going to grow in the future. And it's offsetting some of the concentration we have had in the past on the heavy... the light truck and the large SUV markets. But it's really more of the same formula. Product innovation allows us to drive higher margins and product innovation allows us to drive more penetration in a declining vehicle market.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So you think you can sustain this even though we have got this obvious mix shift away from heavier SUV vehicles to the smaller vehicles, but from a content perspective, David, do you feel comfortable?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we think we can sustain. Obviously, the content on a smaller vehicle is not as great as it is on a larger vehicle. But that's already factored in, if you will. But certainly we think the ability to continue to penetrate the small platforms or the smaller vehicle platforms is clearly there, and we have some very strong momentum with the new domestics. You may recall that we made an acquisition in the latter part of 2006 to position us with the Hyundai-Kia Group as an example, that allows us to significantly accelerate our penetration to those platforms. That group is opening two new factories in the U.S.; one that's opened, one that is opening. So those are significant upside opportunities for us and we continue to penetrate the Toyota, Nissan, and Honda groups very effectively. So, yes, I think we expect to see continued penetration gains and certainly with the new domestics, we expect higher penetration gains than what we have been achieving even with the Detroit 3.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thanks much.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: We are going to make this the last question. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay, thanks. Thanks for sneaking me in there. SG&A as a percent of sales is flat versus the prior year. And my question is whether ITW has in the last 90 days put on any kind of unusual or additional expense control programs such as hiring freezes or force reductions or limits on T&E or any of the number of things, but have you pulled any material levers for cost control in the last 90 days?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, no, we haven't pulled any new controls, but I would tell you that as we looked at the economic outlook coming into 2007 or 2008 at the end of last year, most of our businesses developed plans based around what they saw was a weakening environment. And so we've had cost controls in place and adjustments being made as markets weakened even beyond perhaps some of their original outlook. So nothing, what I would call extraordinary and certainly nothing that has been mandated by the corporate office. But clearly there have been a number of cost control elements that our operating units have put in place and that is frankly a key element in being able to deal with slowing market conditions. So you see that accurately reflected in our SG&A and our overhead numbers. Ron may add some more flavor to that.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think that's... and our decentralized operating model, that's one of the key benefits, right, is that we're not looking for the big corporate-driven cost control program. We have a lot of small programs at individual business units that are... they are really being put in place as the markets change because they are the first ones to see the end markets change, they are the first ones to react and they know their businesses fast [ph] and where they can restructure and get the benefits, as well as control costs. So, I think that's always been a benefit of our operating model, with that we can react quickly to the changes in the market conditions.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. And, Ron, I had a follow-up, which is the expectations for currency that's in the 9% to 12% revenue outlook for the year. What is that and is that different from the quarter ago 9% to 12% outlook?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: It's not materially different from where it was, it's slightly better. In the third quarter it's in that 5 to 5.5 range percent increase contribution, and then in the fourth quarter it's in the 3.5% to 4% range. In the fourth quarter we have much tougher comps on the currency side.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay, very good, thank you.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: I want to thank everybody for joining us and we will be talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-16 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - VP of IR David B. Speer - Chairman and CEO Ronald D. Kropp - CFO
Analysts: John Inch - Merrill Lynch Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Rob Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird Andy Casey - Wachovia Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would turn your meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Jane. Good afternoon everybody and welcome to ITW's First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. As noted, I'm John Brooklier, ITW's Investor Relations Officer and with me today is David Speer, our CEO and Ron Kropp, our CFO. Thank you for joining us. At this point, David will make some general comments about what we consider to be a pretty good quarter. David?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. The story for the first quarter is really two stories. It is what happened on our operating level and what occurred for the charges that we told you about last month related to impairment and European taxes on investment transfers. But simply absent these two charges, we performed very well in the quarter, especially in light of the difficult end market conditions here in North America and a modest slowing but still positive growth internationally. Let me give you some key highlights. Our first quarter revenues totaled 11 .4% growth with 6.2% of that coming from acquisitions, 4.8% from translation. Our first quarter base revenues were modestly positive at 0.4% with international base revenues growing 4.6% and North American base revenues declining 2.5%. As reported, our first quarter diluted net income per share from continuing operations of $0.57 was 16.2% lower than the period ago... year-ago period. Excluding the $0.22 impact of the previously mentioned charges, diluted income per share from continuing operations would have been at $0.79 or 16% higher than the year-ago period. While the first quarter operating margins of 12.6% were 270 basis points lower due to impairment and acquisitions, if you exclude the impact of impairment, the operating margins would have been at 14.9% or 40 basis points lower than a year ago, while base margins actually improved 20 basis points in the quarter, the difference being the dilution from acquisitions. Finally, the company's first quarter free operating cash flow was 405 million or 133% of net income. We continued to deploy our free cash in a value-added ways. We acquired 16 companies in the first quarter representing 230 million of annualized revenues. We continue to negotiate reasonable prices for acquisitions paying less than one times revenue for those 16 transactions that we completed in the first quarter and we also remain optimistic about our acquisition opportunities ahead in 2008 based on our strong pipeline. In addition, free cash was employed to repurchase shares. During the first quarter, the company paid $386 million to repurchase 7.9 million shares. And the company's debt-to-cap moved to 23% as of the end of March 2008 from 20% at the year-end 2007. Now let me turn the call back over to John.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us shortly to review our first quarter financial performance. I will then cover operating highlights for our eight reporting segments. Ron will then adjust our 2008 full year and second quarter earnings forecast and associated assumptions. Finally, David, Ron, and I will take your questions. As always we ask for your cooperation as to the one question, one follow-up question policy. We are targeting the completion time of one hour for today's call. First, the usual housekeeping items. Please note that this call and accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including without limitations, statements regarding revenue growth, operating income, diluted income per share from continuing operations, acquisition opportunities, use of free cash, end market condition charges and the company's related forecasts. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ from those originally anticipated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations are set forth in ITW's Form 10-K for 2007. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is 203-369-1304, no pass code is necessary. The playback number will be available until 12, midnight on April 30. You can also access our first quarter conference call PowerPoint presentation via the itw.com web site. Once you access the Investor Information section, just look for the events tab. Now, let me introduce Ron Kropp who will cover financial highlights. Ron?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John, good afternoon everybody. As David mentioned, we had two unusual charges this quarter that had an impact of $0.22 per share. First of all, in connection with our annual impairment testing that we do each year in the first quarter it required a pretax impairment charge of $97 million related to our Industrial Software business. The after-tax effect of this charge was $0.18 per share. This impairment charge is reported in the operating income of the all other segment. Secondly, we also recorded a pretax charge of $32 million in non-operating expense related to a potential exposure for European transfer taxes related to legal entity structuring. The after-tax effect of this charge was $0.04 per share. Now moving onto the highlights for the first quarter. Revenues grew 11% primarily due to acquisitions and currency translation. Operating income was down 9% and margins were lower by 270 basis points primarily due to the impairment charge. Excluding the charge, operating income would have increased 9% and margins would have decreased only 40 basis points. The diluted income from continuing operations per share of $0.57 was 16% lower than last year. Excluding the two charges, EPS would have increased 16%. Free operating cash flow was solid at $405 million or 133% of net income. Now let me move on to the details of our operating results. Our 11.4% revenue growth was primarily due to three factors. First, acquisitions added 6.2% revenue growth, which was 450 basis points lower than the fourth quarter 2007 acquisition impact. Secondly, base business revenue grew 0.4%. This growth rate was 210 basis points lower than the fourth quarter of '07. International base revenues increased 4.6%, which was the same as the fourth quarter. We continued to see solid performance in many of the company's end markets in Europe and Asia Pacific region. North America base revenues decreased 2.5%, which was unfavorable by 330 basis points versus the fourth quarter. The North American business continued to see the effect of slowing industrial production and declines in residential construction and automotive production. Third, currency translation increased revenues by 4.8%, which was 130 basis points lower than the fourth quarter currency impact. Turning to operating margins, margins for the first quarter of 12.6% were lower than last year by 270 basis points, as I mentioned primarily due to the software impairment charge. Base business improved margins 20 basis points, which partially offset the negative acquisition impact of 70 basis points. Also lower restructuring expenses improved margin by 20 basis points. Let me turn it back over to John. He will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $13 million as a result of the euro bond issued in October 2007. Other non-operating income expense in the first quarter was unfavorable versus the prior year by $36 million mainly due to the previously mentioned charge for transfer taxes. The first quarter effective tax rate of 34.6% is higher than the first quarter '07 rate of 31.1% due to the impairment charge, which has minimal tax benefit. Excluding the effect of the impairment charge, the first quarter 2008 tax rate would have been 29%. Income from discontinued operations was lower than last year by $15 million primarily due to a gain in the sales of consumer packaging business in the first quarter of 2007. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital increased $273 million from the fourth quarter primarily due to favorable currency translation and acquisitions. Due to acquisitions and the higher mix of international revenues, accounts receivable increased from 61.8 to 65.5 days outstanding. Inventory month on hand increased from 1.8 to 2.0 mainly due to seasonality and acquisitions. For the first quarter capital expenditures were $89 million and depreciation was $91 million. ROIC declined to 12.4% versus 15.7% last year as a result of the impairment charge. Absent this charge ROIC would have been 16%. On the financing side, our debt increased $476 million from last quarter primarily due to higher U.S. commercial paper. Our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 23% from 20% at year-end. Shares outstanding at March 31 were $522.8 million. In addition the effective options typically add 3 million to 4 million shares to the dilutive share calculation. Our cash position increased to $100 million in the first quarter as our free operating cash flow of $405 million and net borrowings of $425 million, we utilize for acquisitions of $236 million, dividends of $148 million and share repurchases of $386 million. During the quarter, we spent $386 million to repurchase 7.9 million shares under our ongoing open-ended share repurchase program. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired 16 companies in the first quarter, which have annual revenues of $230 million and an average pay less than one times revenues. The acquisitions during the quarter include Vitronics Soltec, which provides equipment and related services used in the soldering of PC boards into packaging of semiconductors. This business has annual revenues of approximately $84 million and will be included in our Power Systems and Electronics segment. In addition, in our Food Equipment segment we acquired Peerless a manufacturer of commercial mixers and other baking equipment with annual revenues of $40 million. I will now turn it back over to John who will provide more details on our first-quarter operating results.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Ron. Let's review our segments. Industrial Packaging, revenues increased 12.4% and operating income grew 6.1% in the quarter. Operating margin of 11.1% was 60 basis points lower than the year-ago period, primarily as a result of non-volume related issues mainly related to price of raw materials. 12.4 % increase in top line consisted of the following, 0.7% from base revenues, 4.9% from acquisitions, 6.7% from translation and 0.1% from other. Industrial Packaging segment produced Q1 base revenue growth of 1% on a worldwide basis with international base revenues increasing 3% and North American base revenues declining 2%. By major product categories, worldwide strapping consumables and equipment declined 1% and all other industrial packaging grew 6% in Q1. Internationally, Q1 strapping consumables and related equipment declined 3% and 2% respectively. Base revenue growth internationally emanated from other industrial packaging applications such as stretch film, paper-based products, and insulation products. In North America, strapping consumables declined 3% in Q1 largely as a result of the weakness in the residential construction and primary metal sector. Strapping equipment grew 11% in the quarter thanks to especially machines made for post office applications. Moving to our Power Systems and Electronics segment. In the first quarter, segment revenues increased 5% and operating income grew 7.5%. Operating margins of 21.4% were 50 basis points higher than a year ago largely due to margin improvement in our Asian businesses [ph]. The 5% growth of revenues consisted of the following, 0.9% from base revenues, 2% from acquisitions, 2.2% from translation and minus 0.1% from other. Power Systems and Electronics segment grew base revenues 1% in Q1 '08. The biggest portion of this segment is welding, which accounts for nearly 75% of total segment revenues. In the first quarter, welding grew base revenues 3% on a worldwide basis. Welding’s international base revenues increased a very robust 18% in the quarter, thanks to high levels of demand in Asia for specially consumable products especially in categories such as energy and pipeline applications as well as shipbuilding applications. Welding base revenues in Europe also grew double-digit in the quarter. In North America, welding’s base revenues declined 2% in the quarter as a result of weakening demand from customers in the construction and various manufacturing sectors. Moving to our Transportation segment. In the first quarter, segment revenues increased 12.3% and operating income grew 8.7%. Operating margins of 15.4% were 50 basis points lower than a year ago largely due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. The 12.3% growth in top line consisted of the following, 1.1% from base revenues, 5.9% from acquisitions and 5.3% from translation. The Transportation segment grew base revenues 1% in the first quarter with International contributing 6% growth and North America declining 3%. The two primary business groups in the segment are automotive OEM tiers and auto aftermarket. Let's cover the auto OEM tier first, this group produced slightly positive worldwide base revenues in the quarter within our International revenues growing 6% in North America and declining 5%. Internationally the 6% growth in base revenues was driven by a 6% increase in Q1 European auto builds. Key contributors include Renault Group, up19%, Daimler, up 12%, GM Group and BMW, up 7% and Fiat, up 4%. Looking forward, we expect... our expectation is European builds will grow in the range of 4% to 5% for full year 2008. In North America our base revenue decrease of 5% was directly tied to the fall off in Detroit auto builds, which declined 13% in the quarter. For the Detroit 3, GM fell 17%, Ford declined 6% and Chrysler dropped 16% in the quarter. Conversely, North America new domestics increased 1% or I should say decreased 1% in the quarter. Collectively North American builds fell 9% in Q1. Looking ahead, we expect full year 2008 North American builds to be 6% to 8% lower than the prior year. Finally, our automotive aftermarket group, which specialized in fluids and polymers for maintenance and appearance purposes, produced worldwide base revenue growth of 4% in the quarter. This market continues to benefit from trends where people hold on to their automobiles for longer periods of time. Moving to the Construction segment. In the first quarter segment revenues grew 2% and operating income declined 4.1%. Operating margins of 10.4% were 70 basis points lower than the year ago period, largely due to volume declines associated with our fastener and tool, as well as truss businesses, which supply North American homebuilders. The 2% increase in top line consisted of the following; minus 5.7% from base revenues, 0.6% from acquisitions and 7.1% from translation. The Construction segment saw worldwide base revenues declined 6% in the first quarter due to weak fundamentals in North America partially offset by better performance internationally. North American construction base revenues fell 18% in Q1. Underlying this double-digit decline are base revenues associated with residential, renovation, and commercial construction all declined in the quarter. Our residential construction base revenues decreased 20% while housing starts were down from 29% in Q1. In addition, our renovation-based revenues decreased 16% of sales to the Big Box stores contracted in the quarter. Finally, commercial construction fell 8% in Q1 due to double-digit declines in categories such as stores and food service, manufacturing, and warehouse construction. On the international side, base revenues increased 4% in the quarter. Asia Pacific base revenues grew a healthy 9% in the quarter. European base revenues were essentially flat, thanks to weaker construction environments in countries such as the U.K., Spain and Ireland. Moving to food equipment. In the first quarter segment revenues grew robust 30.5% and operating income increased 2.4%. Operating margins of 13.9% were 390 basis points lower than a year-ago, primarily as a result of the dilutive impact of a major acquisition that we made in France earlier in the year [inaudible] last year. The 30.5% increase in revenues consisted of the following, 6.1% from base revenues, 20.1% from acquisitions and 4.3% from translation. The food equipment segment produced worldwide base revenue growth of 6% in the first quarter mainly due to contributions from international business units. Internationally, food equipments base revenues grew 13%. Specifically, base revenues for Europe and Asia Pacific increased 12% and 16% respectively, largely as a result of demand from institutionally based customers. In North America, food equipments base revenues grew 2% mainly due to 5% growth from its service business. Food equipment’s institutional base revenues increased 1%, while retail base revenues grew 3% in the quarter. Moving to decorating services... surfaces I should say, in the first quarter, segment revenues increased 6.6% and operating income grew an impressive 17.5%. Operating margins were 100 basis... of 11% were 100 basis points higher than the year ago period mainly due to improved performance in our flooring business. 6.6% increase in revenues consisted of the following; 2.2% from base revenues, 4.5% from translation and minus 0.1% from other. The decorative services segment produced worldwide base revenue growth of 2% in the quarter with 1% coming from North American businesses and 4% coming from international units. In North America, the base laminate business produced flat base revenues in the quarter, thanks to its large exposure to less negative areas like commercial construction, as well as the successful continued roll-out of the premium price high-definition laminate product line. Flooring’s base revenues grew 10% in the quarter mainly due to new product innovations and easier comparisons from a year ago. Internationally, Europe grew base revenues 4% and Asia increased base revenues 6%. Moving to polymers and fluids. In the first quarter, segment revenues increased a very strong 27.3% and operating income grew 22.8%. Operating margins of 14.5% were 60 basis points lower than a year ago largely due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. The 27.3% increase in segment revenues consisted of the following; 4.5% from base revenues, 17.1% from acquisitions, and 5.7% from translation. The Polymers and Fluids segment produced worldwide base revenue growth of 4% in the quarter with 7% coming from international and 1% coming from North America. This segment is divided into two major categories, Polymers and Fluids. Polymers, which provides adhesives and epoxies for industrial construction and consumer purposes grew base revenues 5% on a worldwide basis. Base revenues for polymers increased 8% internationally and grew 2% in North America. Industrial adhesives contributed 3% growth, thanks in part to strengthen the MRO, OEM, and power industries. In the second major category, fluid products, which provides an array of products, which clean or add lubrication to machines. This area grew worldwide base revenues 3%. Base revenues for Fluid Products grew 5% internationally and increased 1% in North America. The strength in the MRO, OEM categories was partially offset by weakness in the of janitorial sanitation categories. Finally, our final segment, our all other segment, in the first quarter segment revenues increased 8.3% and operating income declined 65.3%. Operating margins of 5.3% were 11.3% lower than an year-ago due to the $97 million impairment that Ron talked about earlier. The 8.3% increase in segment revenues consisted of the following, minus 1.6% from base revenues, 6.2% from acquisitions, and 3.7% from translation. This segment consist of a variety of worldwide ITW businesses. In the first quarter, worldwide segment base revenues declined 2% with North America decreasing 2% and International declining 3%. And the segment principally consist of what we determine where our four major categories, consumer packaging, test and measurement, finishing and the appliance industrial products area. Worldwide base revenues for these four majors sub categories were as follows; consumer packaging worldwide base revenues declined 1%. There was weakness in the more industrial base marking, labeling and coding businesses, which offsets strength in the Hi-Cone and Zip-Pak consumer packaging areas. Test and measurement on a worldwide basis, base revenues grew 10%, finishing worldwide base revenues were down 2% and the appliance and industrial area base revenues on a worldwide basis were down 8%. One comment on that, the appliance base revenue declined… the appliance only portion of that declined 6% on a worldwide basis in Q1 and obviously residential weakness in North America contributed to negative performance there. Let me turn the call back over to Ron, who will talk you through the 2008 second quarter and full-year forecast.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: We are forecasting second quarter of 2008 diluted income from continuing operations to be within the range of $0.94 to $1 per share. The low end of this range assumes 9% growth in total revenues and the high end of the range assumes 12% in total revenue growth. The mid-point of this range of $0.97 would be a 11% higher than the prior year. For full-year 2008, our forecasting earnings range is $3.35 to $3.49 per share. Full-year total revenue growth is expected to be in the range of 8% to 12%. The mid-point of this range of $3.42 per share would be 4% higher than 2007. Excluding the two charges in the first quarter, the mid-point of the full-year EPS range would be a 11% higher than 2007. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues in the range of $800 million to $1.2 billion, share repurchases for the year of $800 million to $1 billion, no further impairment of goodwill or intangibles, net non-operating expense which include both interest expense and other non-operating income expense at a range of $135 million to $145 million for the full year, which is unfavorable versus last year by $92 million to $102 million. And a tax rate range of 28.75% to 29.25% for the second quarter and 29.75% to 30.25% for the full year. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you Ron. I will now turn it... we will now open up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. John Inch from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning... afternoon, sorry. Hello?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hello, we are here.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Hey. GM strike, was there any impact and do you foresee any impact?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there has been, John, an impact obviously with a number of facilities they have down and with our concentration with GM, it's clearly had an impact. We've been able to offset that with penetration gains in some places but clearly as they have built fewer and fewer vehicles with the strike being protracted, it has had an impact. I can't give you exact order of magnitude but it certainly had an impact if you look at GM's build numbers as well. GM was down, I think 13 or 17% I think for the quarter. So it reflected in their numbers.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: John, we're also looking at second quarter for GM and there... we are projecting along with CSM, a decline of 19%. And I think that the impact of the strike is probably going to have, probably more impact on the second quarter than the first quarter.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: And how will that compared to... okay, so how is that in comparing to your GM business, John, I mean just to try and put into a context?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: I’m sorry.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: How would that compare to your GM business before the strike, I mean is that any, I mean, it is obviously down a lot, is there any... there is no way to quantify it?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: I don't think there is any real way to quantify that. I mean, we had some impact in March. We know that it's going to have a bigger impact for us in the second quarter of the year, we do know that GM is... represents about 30% to 35% of our total North American business, but beyond that I don't think we can quantify in dollar terms.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just my follow-up. So you are raising the mid-point by $0.10 and it says your exchange rates hold at current levels but obviously the dollar has weakened since then. So how much more does currency add in your annualized numbers, just a kind of get a sense of the conservative from around the $0.10.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Let me go through the $0.10. The $0.10 is really $0.04 actual in the first quarter above the mid-point.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Which is $0.01 for translation, $0.005 for shares and the rest really operational, including some restructuring I think less than expected, that's $0.04. The other $0.06 is on translation rest of the year basically when we spread out through the rest of the year, the holding exchange rate at the end of the quarter level. So clearly, as exchange rates stay where they are at, today there is probably some upside but they are pretty high historical levels here. So who knows what's going to happen there.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So very simplistically, you are not really assuming any of the rest of the portfolio is going to improve over the course of the year as part of the upside to guidance.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: That’s correct.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ann Duignan from Bear Stearns, your line is open.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Hi, good afternoon.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ann.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Hi, guys. Could you talk a little bit about your increase in your non-operating expenses, what's driven the change there? And also, can you talk a little bit more about the non-volume related impact on operating profit? There were some very big swings from industrial packaging, negative impact of 7.1% to all other positive 10.2%, could you just give us some color on what's going on there and what input cost are doing to that line item?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. So we will handle one at a time here.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Yes.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: First of all, on the non-op area, there’s a few big headwinds here. That's about $100 million swing between years for the full year. $32 million of it relates to this transfer tax issue in the first quarter. Another about $50 million or so relates to higher interest expense in 2007, which is… was expected and was included in our plan. And another $20 million or so relates to the former leasing and investment segment, the investment income line, which is down about $20 million, which is also expected as the portfolio winds down. That's roughly how you get to the $100 million in the total non-op area.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay. So the change from last quarter to this quarter is primarily the tax credit?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: The transfer tax issue, yes.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: On the raw material side, clearly we've seen cost increases in steel, as steel has been up depending on the type of steel but could be 30% to 40% in some cases in the quarter, which is... which is clearly significant. We have for the most part recovered the cost increase and some of our business have been recovered the margin as well. So if you look at the total company, the impact on margin for price cost is about negative 20 basis points all in, across all segments. But some segments have done better than others. For instance, Industrial Packaging, the price cost affect... is about $100 million... 100 basis points. And it's basically all the 80 basis point change in the volume in that segment. Transportation, it's around 30 basis points, all other is above 30 basis points. We're also seeing some increases in resins, clearly not at the levels of steel, more 6% to 8%. But we expect that to continue to go up as well. But clearly, the challenge through the year here is to make sure we're putting price increases to recover these cost increases.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We clearly continue to see significant headwinds, particularly with steel Ann and I would expect that we would be battling all the year to get price recovery on these cost. But as we have done in the past, we're actually off to a better start this year than we were this time last year. But as we have done in the past, it's about 90 days for recovery domestically and somewhere around a 120 to 150 days internationally and we are on top of it and tracking it closely.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay. And I'm assuming that segments like Transportation may have higher risk than other kind of end-used markets.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's not evenly... its not evenly spread. But by and large, we're getting some level of increases across all the segments.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay. Okay. Thank you. I will get back in line.
Operator: Deane Dray from Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good afternoon.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Could you provide us the base business assumptions in the old-fashioned way that you used to provide for both the second quarter and update us on base business assumptions for '08?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Well, we are not... remember, we are not including that as part of our forecast now, Deane.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Yes. But, you can just…
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: We are only giving... we are only talking about all in revenues for our formal forecast.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: I understand, but last quarter you said... you thought you'd come in flattish on base business for…
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: You mean all in now for the whole company?
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: I think we could look for basically somewhere between flat to maybe up slightly in the year.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: And then for the second quarter?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: That's a full-year number I gave you.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right. And then, how about from David if you could... the quarterly update on where we stand on the construction both resi and non-resi? How far down is down on resi and then what's changing at the margin on the commercial construction outlook both U.S. and let's say Europe?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, let's start with the residential numbers, which are freshly out today the permanent data for March showed a drop of 41% versus the same period a year ago and down 6% versus February, at 927,000 permits and the start data for the same period was an annualized rate of 947,000 starts, so, we're now below the million mark, 37% down from March of last year and 12% down from February. So, clearly on the housing side we are still seeking the bottom. The numbers that... that we're looking at is we look forward are probably finding the bottom somewhere in the 800,000 to 900,000 range would be my guess. But, obviously there is lots of data out on resale values, housing inventories etcetera that would continue to say that the market is going to be challenging. And I think as we have said in the past, we think this is a probably a market that doesn't hit the bottom until perhaps the second half of the year and probably stays at a reasonably depressed level for four to six quarters after reach its bottom. So, I don't see any near-term prospects that we are going to see any significant improvement in housing. And David, just on commercial construction, the latest Dodge Construction award data through March shows that the total construction awards on a square footage basis for non-residential building for the first quarter is down 22% and the key categories of note there... the overall commercial category is down 27% and the key sub categories in there are retail, which is up 40%, warehouse is up 39%, and office construction, up 17%. Some other notable categories as well, manufacturing down 37%, education is only down 4%, and healthcare is down 20%. So, clearly the non-res numbers continue to show the trends that we saw last year as the construction award data began to go negative and I think for the last... for the year it ended up above negative 5% on a square footage basis and obviously it has taken a much more dramatic decline during the first quarter. As it relates to the international side, we have begun to see softness as John highlighted in his comments earlier in the housing markets in the U.K., Ireland and Spain. The non-residential markets still at reasonably good there, we would expect as our earlier numbers indicated growth in the non-res categories in Europe to be somewhere in the 1% to 1.5% range which is a pretty normal range for them.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: David, just to clarify on the residential picture in North America where you did better or not as bad as starts. Is any of that effect of destocking or restocking within the home centers and the lumberyards and so forth or is that a real flow through?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think it's probably reasonably close to a real growth rate. Most of the destocking has already occurred. So, I would expect that as we see pockets of activities in different regions we will see some move. But overall the numbers we're looking at, I think are fairly reflective of, we are doing slightly better than the market.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hi, Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, I guess my first question. Can you just give the... you guys touched a little bit about non-res or your construction outlook for Western Europe? But can you just remind us the sort of what your updated thoughts on Western Europe and how we should think about the international business I guess over the next 12 months to 18 months?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think from an overall standpoint as we highlighted earlier, the residential construction market overall in Europe is probably going to be down slightly on the basis of those three countries that we highlighted Ireland, the U.K. and Spain, which have got dramatically lower numbers. Overall, the commercial numbers are still at reasonable, I think we talked earlier about our expectations in the auto build in Europe and up in the 6% range, which would be a very good year in European auto. The general industrial markets there, we see operating at a slower pace than 2007 but still at reasonably positive areas probably in the 2.5% to 3% range. So we don't see anything so far in Europe that would indicate that we're far-off of what our original forecasts for the year were for construction.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: For the back half of the year, and your numbers, we shouldn't assume any deterioration. That is sort of stage where we are today.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly, where we built in and what we think is going to happen based on where we are today into the balance of the year forecast.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, can you just talk about some of the other industrial companies that have reported so far have talked about... when you think about the quarter January was okay but they talked about notably more weakness perhaps in February, March. Can you just talk about whether there was any changes we look at the months throughout the quarter and how things are in April or sort of trending relative to expectations?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't have any April data yet, so that would be premature for me to comment on that. But I can tell you that, we've been consistently talking about at least here in North America. We have well-wedded the numbers as it relates to construction, we've been seeing a retraction in construction particularly the non-res area, probably somewhat ahead of what others have been commenting on, but the data is clearly there and it’s real and if you're earlier in the cycle in non- res, you've clearly already seen a decline. The general industrial markets we have seen continue to decline, if you have seen in the industry production numbers, they have gone negative now. They have been bouncing around zero to slightly positive. They now went negative for the March numbers, very reflective of what we've been seen going on for the last probably three quarters now. So I wouldn't say that they trends we saw in March were much different than what we had anticipated. It's... the weakness is continued and I'm not surprised by the negative industrial production numbers overall. So, it is pretty much in line with what we would have expected. March, would clearly have been notably weaker on a year-to-year comparable than say January was but the trends are still in line with what our expectations where we developed our view of the year.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. But you are... in your forecast for North America, are you assuming some sort of a recovery in the back half of the year?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not really. No.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Daniel Dowd from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Good afternoon. Daniel. How are you? I actually first based on acquisition pipeline... one of the things you talked about in the last downturn was that as you got into the downturn a lot of the sellers thought, why don't I drag my feet a couple of years and there will be a better multiples down the road. Are you starting to see any indications of that?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, Daniel, what I think... we're probably seeing is people who have already drugged their feet but probably more because of what happened with the credit issues that occurred beginning probably mid second quarter last year and obviously we are in full bloom now. I think people pushed back and said well this is probably not a good time to sell because there aren’t as many private equity folks in the market. So, if I can wait, I should wait to let this storm pass before I try to sell my business. Well, as you would imagine the storm hasn't passed, so those that they have a serious need and interest to sell their business, some of those sellers in fact are private equity firms. They have shown probably more of a interest now in the selling than they were say three or four quarters ago. So we are definitely seen some early indications of more activity in terms of people interested in selling and certainly more of that coming from the smaller to medium-size private equity shops that have been pretty large acquirers over the last four or five years.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay. So even from private equity you actually still see an accelerating their desire to sell?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our pipeline today is quite good and it's represented with some deals that if we are able to complete them would be once again deals of larger in size that we will have bought from private equity owners.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay. One other thing, so we’ve talked a lot about North America and Europe, is it safe to say that you're continuing to see nothing but growth in Asia or are there any signs of even incremental slowing there?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we have seen some slowing in Asia but the rate is still high. I mean if you talk about some areas in China going from say a 10% growth rate to 7%, I mean, yes, that is a noticeable decline but 7% is pretty strong. So, yes, we are seeing some pockets in some areas where the growth rates are not as strong as they were, but clearly strong single digit and in some case it's still double-digit growth.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Rob Wertheimer from Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon everybody. I had two questions really on financing and the first is just broadly and generally, have you seen customers or competitors or potential targets run into trouble from not being able to finance and does that changed your acquisitions any?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It has not changed our acquisitions any... if anything that we have, that we have been looking at. I will tell you though that there is no question that some of the things that are... that are in the early stages is sort of coming out of portfolio, there is no question they are coming out as a result of, at least in my view issues around financing and the variable rate of financing that some of those portfolios have. Their cost of funds have clearly gone up and they are clearly looking for exit strategies that are probably different than the exit strategies that exist when they entered the asset.
Rob Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Well that's interesting. I guess, I was also partly asking just if there is anybody who has run into the stress just not necessary from the business being bad but from being unable to finance and whether you are you ready to jump in if that started to happen?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not from an acquisition standpoint, we have seen some signs of that in the customer base with the customers are concerned, particularly the small to medium-size customers that have in some cases been somewhat marginalized by this credit crisis there, their access to funds and their cost to funds have gone up, not because necessarily of their credit worthiness but because the overall risk profile that they are lenders, the banks have taken in the last several quarters.
Rob Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up. Is there any reason why when you levered up this quarter as you've said you'd be doing, you talked more short-term rather than long-term financing?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. In fact our primarily way to finance our day-to-day needs is the short-term commercial paper and that did go up. But the other reason for the increase in the short-term debt line is that some of our long-term debt has now become current, because of the new end market in 2009. But still long-term debt but just classified as current.
Rob Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks much.
Operator: Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities, your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Good afternoon.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Eli.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Just one clarification, you did say that $0.06 in the next couple of quarters of the earnings increased of the $0.10 comes from translation?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Okay, just to make sure. And just following to that question, you levered up... you levered up your short-term debt coming, how high are you willing to take the balance sheet up in the leverage at this point. Then I guess I'm not used to seeing ITW 23% in a long time. And just a question, whether you have any targeted goals or limitation for you and how high do you take the debt levels at this point?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you know, we've been looking at our capital structure over the last couple of years and we put out a formal target of... a range of 20% to 25% debt-to-cap, which clearly, we're now in the middle... right in the middle of that range. But we also said that the... the primary use of our debt capacity and free cash flow will be acquisition. So to the extent we could find the right acquisition targets, we're willing to go higher than 20% to 25% clearly. But right now we're seeing, normal level of acquisition activity, we're still repurchasing shares. So right kind of where we want the net with 20 range.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And, can you give us some color on the two specific businesses I'm interested in. One, I guess the power electronics, welding is three quarters of it. North American welding is the biggest piece of that. That's down 2% and it's the most profitable business. Should I worry, can you give us some color what's going on there? And two can you give us some detail forecast for the second quarter in the year for your automotive outlook for North America, big three new domestics in overseas particularly I mean, we just saw a big weakness in margin in European automotive sales, were down 9.5%, so…
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me comment on the welding markets and then John has got the data on the auto builds that he can share with you Eli. As it relates to the welding market, what we've seen in the welding market, the weakness has really come from two primary areas. On is construction, which we would have expected. Their construction is largely related to commercial building construction. Some infrastructure but largely commercial building and obviously we would've expected to see those declines and they have now come forward and that the same would be true in their general industrial markets. Here in North America, the markets remain... continue to remain strong for the welding business are largely related to the energy infrastructure and the heavy equipment sectors. Those still remain very good markets but what we see in the first quarter is reflective of weakness in a number of the other end markets that have now caught up if you will with the welding organization. And that's pretty much in line with what we had expected when we developed our forecasts.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: So will it get worse all year or stay the same or what do you expect?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we expect to see some probably some prudent decline in the second quarter and then probably a leveling effect from there forward.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And no profitability impact it seems at this point.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean we're... clearly overall in the group, we are growing nicely in Asia and the profitability in Asia has improved, so it helps dampen some of the decline in revenues here. The margins are associated with that. So I think what we are out looking for the balance of the year is some continued decline here in North America in some of their later cycle businesses, but continuous strong growth internationally, particularly in Asia.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Eli on the auto side, Detroit 3 for the full year is looking for auto production to follow 11%, New Domestics are looking for builds to be flat on a year-over-year basis. I guess your combined number of minus seven for the year, that's certainly more negative than we thought three, four months ago.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And you have a second quarter number…?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Second quarter number Detroit 3, down 17% and New Domestics, plus 2%. I remember that down 17% is exacerbated somewhat by what we're talking about earlier with this actual strike.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the General Motors impact. That would put the build for the year you, Eli at about 14.1 million vehicles which is 1 million vehicles less, more than 1 million vehicles less than last year.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Yes.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: So, we have clearly, we've built those number into our forecast then we are clearly not expecting any real-time improvement. We are expecting the second-half to be a little bit better only from a comp standpoint as it relates to builds.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And GM will help that if they go back into business.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: [inaudible] I think that would help.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Martin Sankey from Neuberger Berman, your line is open.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay. Thank you. Can you hear me?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yes, we can hear you.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay, I got a couple of questions. First, in the prepared remarks you commented that as part of the guidance that tax rate is going up in the second half of the year up to I guess 31% since the first half rate is 29%?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: So to be clear the rate in the first quarter was 34.6%. That is higher than last year which was 31% all due to this impairment charge which has little tax. So...
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: In the first quarter the rate is at normally high because of the impairment charge.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Right.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Absent that the first quarter rate would be 29%.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Right. Then you have second quarter rate at 29%?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Right. And so if you average out the range for the second, third, and fourth quarters with the mid-point being 29%, with the 34.6% from the first quarter, you get to an average of around 30% for the full year.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Basically holding the tax rate at... in that 29% range for the rest of the year.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay. So, then the European legal restructuring doesn't really have any practical effect on the tax rate in the near-term?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: No, the transfer tax issue because it's... those related to structuring around taxes, tax planning because it's not a tax based on income under the given quarter in the tax line gets reported in the non-operating expense line?
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay. The second question I would like to ask is when you walk through the increase in your guidance basically you said that absent the first quarter and foreign currency effects that there is really no change in the outlook for the year. How ever, I suspect that there are some gives or takes within that. Could you sort of walk us through that in little bit more granularity, please?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, we have given you some free high-level detail already, you may recall that when we provided our guidance for the year in December of last year, we were, I guess by comparison to many seen as fairly pessimistic. So, we started the year with a forecast that was already based on what we saw as a continuing weakening economy here in North America probably across the industrial markets and we've talked a lot about the transportation area and certainly that residential and commercial construction market. So, I don't know that there is much more flavor that I could provide other than to say our expectation in terms of how the year unfolds is pretty much as we had planned which continued weakening in the industrial economy here in the housing market not to find bottom yet. Probably, the only change of any significance has been this first quarter number in the auto market and the second quarter decline based on what's happening at GM. But even though as John pointed out in his earlier comments, we've been able to offset most of the impact of that thus far. So I think that's probably the best flavor I can provide at a high level.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay. But would it be fair to say that you pushed up the share repurchase somewhat than versus the original plan?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: The original forecast, share repurchase for the year was $800 million to $1 billion and we left the same. Clearly, we've done more than 25% of that in the first quarter. So, we get a little bit of the benefit from doing some earlier rather than later standpoint in the first quarter about $0.05 per share in the first quarter. And we also look at that repurchase activity regularly and you know as we look at our acquisition activity but, I think the ranges that we provided for the year we are still very comfortable are realistic ranges and we update those every quarter. So if there is a change, you'll know about it.
Martin Sankey - Neuberger Berman: Okay, so…
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: [inaudible] to move on. Can we move on to the next question please.
Operator: Robert McCarthy from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Good morning or good afternoon gentlemen.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good afternoon, Rob.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: David, you talked earlier optimistically about your ability to manage steel and other input cost increases with price increases, talked about lags etcetera. But, the environment of course today a little bit different than it was the last time we went through this drill. Could you talk about managing this process in an environment where I would presume you're running into greater resistance?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, yeah Rob that we are certainly getting greater resistance. This is... I would not describe this as a drill, I would describe this now as a continuous part of the way we have to run our businesses. We have been at this now since 2004 in almost all of our steel related businesses and 2005 in almost every other business. So, we track the cost and price moments across all of our businesses regularly, we have a regularly quarterly roll up of the data so we know where we stand, we know what needs to be done. Our business units make this a regular part of the planning activities. So, this is not a one-time event, this is something that we have become accustomed to doing based on the dramatic changes in input costs. With that said, it is not an easier, in fact there is more resistance now. There is no question. But, we also understand that there is no alternative with the kinds of increases we're talking about other than to get recovery. The option of facing a 40% increase in steel costs across a quarter and not getting on effective price increase just as in there. So the days where you had a 4% or 5% raw material input costs you could offset somewhat the productivity improvement and press dampen any increase you might have if any at all are clearly behind us. So it's not easy. Perhaps I sounded too optimistic but I know we have a process for managing this. It's an important thing we pay attention to and our managers are centered around making sure this happens.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: So you are better organized to manage it today than you were four years ago and I, may be, hear you saying that customers have gotten more accustomed to having to face this.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Exactly. I mean, when you talk about input costs that are rising at these levels there. I mean, they are not seeing, it just from us who are seeing it across the board. So, it is... knock on effect that we all have to face, there is no question. Nobody is rolling over and saying, please give it to us. But, we've got the process down and I think the customers respect the way we're doing it and how we're trying to give them also advance notice. but at the end of the day nobody wants to pay more but we all face the same kinds of issues.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Thank you for that. My other question had to do with the margin improvement that you saw in the Power Systems and Electronic segment, during your prepared remarks, John, you made the comment that most of the improvement there was related to the Asian welding business?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: It’s correct. Yes.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Of course you'd be facing steel price increases that would be of some magnitude. So, can you talk about... what's changing there to make this stand out and is this kind of improvement sort of a one off deal or are you looking for it to extent through the year?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Let me take that one John. The... in this segment, in the non-volume section of the margin change…
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: It's favorable about a 90 basis points and operationally, it's up about a 130. So, offsetting that is the 40 of price cost negative.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: In the 130, you have the... the Asian business performing better form a margin standpoint, you also have some better margins in Europe because of the... some of the equipments that Europeans sell or just coming from the U.S. The currency benefit built in, the margins there that the... they are benefiting from. And also there was some lower margin sales in our food equipment area in the first quarter of '07 that we got a favorable comp on.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And the source of the improvement in Asia, I mean, is this... it’s non- volume related so I am curious, what is it?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: It's more efficiency in the manufacturing process.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have upgraded in our welding organization the consumable business the capacity and the equipment that we have there which has increased our productivity. So, we're in… our margin improvement there is part of what we would have expected to have seen.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Andy Casey from Wachovia. Your line is open.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Hi, good afternoon everybody.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hi, Andy.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: First, a question on the decorative part of the portfolio, well, it had a very good year-to-year margin improvement, it's still a lot below what it was a few years ago, what do you think you need to do to get back with the prior levels?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Andy, I'm not sure I heard, decorative services
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Yes.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. You know, the primary reason that the margins have deteriorated there is because of acquisitions. You may recall we made a large acquisition in Europe, in this category, actually two acquisitions, one in '05 and one at the tail end of '06. Polyrey in France came with essentially no operating margins when we acquired it. So as we marched those margins up we expect to see obviously those improvements. The margins in the base businesses both in Europe and here in North America are actually quite in line with what they were over the last several years. So it's really more an acquisition impact. Even though they are not reported in the acquisition category any longer because they have been businesses we've owned for more than a year.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Okay. So that should be their normal three to five year?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Okay. Now, in within the construction products, the monologue that John went through there was a pretty sharp drop offs in the renovation and I am wondering if you could kind of delineate similar to Jamie's question if that was similar throughout the quarter or if it progressively got worse during the quarter?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: I think our data have shown us that the follow-up in the box stores is really related more to volume put traffic. The activity there as opposed to managing inventories up or down? I mean they are clearly feeling the effect of the economy, less same-store sales for the big boxes. So we are feeling it too.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Most of the adjustments generally in the big box stores would occur early in the quarter as their year-ends are at the end of January. But I don't have specific data to answer the question with any better data than that Andy, other than it’s weak and expected at least in our case we expect to continue to be weak for some time.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Barry Haimes from Sage Asset Management . Your line is open.
Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management: Yes, hi. I just had a question on acquisitions. I wonder if you could as you're looking at things and I know there is a broad range but in general characterized. what sort of returns on investment improvement you might be looking at as you transfer all deals now compared with 6 to 12 months ago when we were in a different financing environment into private equity competition and so on once you've seen any real pricing difference here. Thanks.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I would say that the difference in terms of what we are acquiring and the rates of return we expect is not significantly different. The difference is that if you look back over the last several years, notably absent was the ability to do a whole lot of deals that were on the $100 million plus basis, a result of private equity driving valuations up. But our valuation discipline has been intact for a long period of time that. The difference between our EBITDA multiple last year in terms of acquisitions what we have paid for those in the year before essentially virtually the same at 7.5% times EBITDA. Our return on investment expectation are the same as they were, I think the difference now is that we would expect with private equity more on the sidelines to see more deals that are affordable and therefore hopefully the opportunity for us to do more acquisitions than we've done perhaps in the past.
Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management: Great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Mark Koznarek from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Yes, thank you. I just... first of all I just want to clarify the based outlook for both the year and the upcoming quarter is flat to up slightly, is that….
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: We do not give you a number for the quarter. We typically don't give out... remember, when we started giving our forecasts we're including total revenues now and we are not specifying but I think generally speaking for the year, we are looking at flat to slightly up.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. And that I think the guidance that we got after the fourth quarter was that the base would have been more in the range of 2% and so it does look like the outlook overall has weakened a little bit and clearly we've touched on some of the key issues construction week or the auto strike.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: I think we said originally 0 to 2 yes, go ahead Mark
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay so what I am wondering is what is the offset, because we raised guidance for the year principally because of the current quarter beat and then simply currency beyond that. So, there is no further deterioration in your core earnings outlook because of the weaker base, so what is the offset? Raw material seems to be more difficult, how are you executing better, is it more emphasis on acquisition integration, is it mix, what... can you point to what is actually better in terms of your execution?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think there are number of things that are better in terms of execution. I mean we've been... we have been restructuring and sizing our businesses here in North America throughout this protracted down turn certainly on the housing and the construction categories, as we have another business. In addition, we have nearly $3 billion of businesses we have incurred over the last 24 months, that the margin improvement in those businesses clearly help us during this kind of a time periods. So, we are not relying just on the traditional margins in a mature business that's fighting to get cost recovery. We also have the opportunity to see margins go up in some of those acquired business where we have been part of work applying the ITW Tool Box. So, really is... collection of things that would have the numbers if you will come out the way they are but I will say you that what's happened so far this is largely in line with our expectations consider a few changes here and there. But overall what we've seen is largely what we were projecting when we met in December. So I haven't seen anything that has told me that our outlook is going to change much differently than that. So I think we are reasonably comfortable, we've factored into our guidance as we've began the year, most of the weakness that we're seeing today.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then a follow up on the intangible write-down that's I guess mostly if not all click commerce. And I'm just wondering, 18 months ago the business was bought for just under $300 million here. 18 months later we've written off a third of it. Is that simply a one off or is this something that ITW is reaching for some growth in a different area. You've kind to got your fingers burnt a little bit and are you changing the way you approach non-core, non-standard kind of acquisition opportunities going forward because of this?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, this is certainly a special category if you will, software that is. And certainly the write-down would recognize that the value of the business today as you accurately point out is a third lower than it was when we acquired it. So there is no question that this space doesn't have the same attraction it did when we acquired the business. We've not grown as we had planned when we acquired the business, which is one of the challenges. And primarily because we've not been able to find the right kinds of acquisition with good strategic fit. And that also have reasonable evaluations. So the growth that we'd expected to be able to do here, the continuation of acquisitions is clearly the biggest variable that has led us to look at the space and whether we are really able to grow in this space, the way we had anticipated when we made the acquisition. So that's clearly... we've clearly recognized that and this impairment would obviously suggest that we're dealing with that [inaudible]. You pointed out we did the acquisition 18 months ago. We got the business focused on the areas we think it can grow and execute them profitably. And we think that unless there's a change in the evaluations in this space in the near term, it'll be a difficult space for me to see us doing a lot of acquisitions in because evaluations just don't at the moment makes sense to us.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. David, Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President of Investor Relations: We thank everybody for joining us and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference, thank you for attending.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: John L. Brooklier - VP, IR David B. Speer - Chairman and CEO Ronald D. Kropp - CFO
Analysts: Robert Lagaipa - Oppenheimer & Co. Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs John Inch - Merrill Lynch James Edelman - Highland Capital Joel G. Tiss - Lehman Brothers Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Llc
Operator: Welcome to the ITW Fourth Quarter 2007 and Year-End Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines will be on a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn meeting over to Mr. John Brooklier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Kathera. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to ITW's fourth quarter 2007 conference call. As noted, I'm John Brooklier, ITW's Investor Relations Officer. And with me today is David Speer, our CEO, and Ron Kropp, our CFO. Thanks for joining us today. At this point, David will make some general comments about the fourth quarter and the full year.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. I'm pleased to announce that based on a variety of financial, operating and management achievements, the 2007 fourth quarter and full year results translated into a strong report card for us. Let me share some highlights. Our fourth quarter operating revenues of $4.2 billion, grew a very healthy 19%, thanks in large part to our ability to find and close value-adding acquisitions to our portfolio of businesses. In the fourth quarter, we acquired 15 companies around the world. Notably for the full year 2007, we closed 52 transactions and added approximately $1 billion to our top line. In classic ITW style, we paid less than one time revenues for these acquisitions. While base revenues increased a total of 2.5% in the fourth quarter, our international units grew base revenues at 4.6%. This helped to offset softness we continue to see in a variety of North American markets. For the full year, our revenues totaled $16.2 billion representing a 17% growth over 2006. Operating income grew an impressive 14% in the quarter and increased 10% for the full year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $0.87 a share, increased an impressive 19% in the fourth quarter. For the full year diluted income per share from continue operations was $3.28, an 11% increase over 2006. Free cash totaled a robust $694 million for the quarter, and $2.1 billion for the year. While we used much of this free cash to make numerous acquisitions, we also redeployed cash to help repurchase 32.4 million shares. That represents $1.8 billion worth of share repurchases for 2007. By the way at the end of the year, our debt to cap was approximately 20%. We also took steps in 2007 to divest businesses that we believe did not fit ITW's long-term growth and margin profile. As a result, we have reclassified five businesses which collectively represent $256 million of operating revenues as discontinued operations. Including gains on sales, they represent $0.08 per share worth of earnings on a full year basis. Look for us to continue to review our businesses to ensure they fit long-term growth and margin expectations. Finally, we have added to the depth of an already strong senior management team in 2007, by adding two new Executive Vice Presidents. Jane Warner and Juan Valls were named Executive Vice Presidents in the second half of the year. And they collectively bring many years of valuable operating experience to their new assignments. They also represent first at ITW, Jane, as our first woman EVP and Juan as our first European-based Executive Vice President, operating out of Barcelona, Spain. Together these collective achievements made 2007 a year we can be proud of and also demonstrate the strength of the increased diversified nature of our business. We believe this diversification will continue to serve us well as we face some challenging end-market conditions in 2008. Now let me turn the call back over to John.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, David. Here is the agenda for today's call. Ron will join us in just a few moments to review our fourth quarter financial performance and other fourth quarter events. I will then update you on our four segments and associated end-markets. Ron will then address our 2008 full year and first quarter earnings forecast and associated assumption. Finally, David, Ron and I will take your questions. As always we ask for your cooperation as to the one question, one follow-up question policy. We are targeting a completion time of one hour for today's call. First, a few compulsory items, please note that this call and the accompanying presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitations statements regarding end-market conditions, earnings growth, operating income, net operating expense, acquisitions, use of free cash and the company's related forecasts. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations are set forth in ITW's Form 10-Q for the 2007 third quarter. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is 203-369-3229. No pass code is necessary. The playback number will be available through 12 Midnight on February 13. You can also access our fourth quarter conference call PowerPoint presentation via the itw.com website. Once you access the investor section, just look for the events tag. Now, let me introduce Ron Kropp who will cover financial information for the quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. Good afternoon everybody. Before I begin discussing the results of the fourth quarter, I want to point out that David previously mentioned we have reclassified as discontinued operations in certain businesses. Therefore the income statements for 2006 and the first three quarters of 2007 had been restated to reclassify the results of discontinuing operations including the gains on sales. There is a separate line on the bottom of the income statement. This restated information was previously released on January 8 in a Form 8-K. All P&L information presented on this call reflects continuing operations only unless otherwise noted. Now the highlights for the fourth quarter. Revenues grew 19% and operating income was up 14% versus last year. Operating margins of 15.7% were lower by 60 basis points, mainly due to the lower margins of acquired companies. Diluted income from continuing operations per share of $0.87 was 90% higher. The operating cash flow was strong at $694 million and return on invested capital was 18.3%, was higher than last year by 90 basis points. Now let's go to the details of the operating results. Our 18.9% revenue growth was primarily due to three factors. First, acquisitions added 10.8% to revenue growth which was 110 basis points lower than the third quarter acquisition effect. Secondly, base business grew... revenue grew 2.5%. This growth rate was 20 basis points higher than the third quarter of 2007. Internationally, base business revenues increased 4.6% which was 70 basis points lower than the third quarter. Our international growth has slowed a bit from the 8 plus percent level we saw in the first half. We continue to see stellar performance in most of the company's end markets in Europe and Asia Pacific region. North American base revenues increased 0.8% which was favorable by 60 points versus the third quarter. North American businesses continue to see the effect of slowing industrial production and declines in residential construction. Thirdly, currency translation increased revenues by 6.1% which was 240 basis points higher than the third quarter currency effect. And more to the story in the previous quarters of '07, our overall revenue growth was a result of strong base business growth internationally, the impact of acquisition and favorable currency translation. Operating margins for the fourth quarter of 15.7% were lower than last year by 60 basis points primarily due to acquisitions and a typically lower margin, which reduced overall margins by 110 basis points. Base businesses improved margins 30 basis points which partially offset the negative acquisition effect. I'll turn it back over to John. He will provide more detail on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. For the full year revenues grew 17%, operating income was up 10%. Operating margins of 16.2% were lower than last year by 110 basis points. Diluted income from continuing operations per share of $3.28 was 11% higher. And free operating cash flow of $2.1 billion was a 114% of net income. The full year revenue growth of 17.2% was primarily due to the same three factors as the fourth quarter. Acquisitions contributed 11.3%, base business revenue grew 1.8% and translation added 4.1%. Operating. margins for the full year were lower by 110 basis points, primarily due to acquisitions which decreased overall margins by 150 basis points. Base business margins improved by 40 basis points. In a non-operating area, other income was lower in the fourth quarter than the prior year by $16 million, primarily due to lower investment income of $10 million. Fourth quarter effective tax rate of 26.7% was lower than the fourth quarter '06 rate of 27.3%. This lower than expected tax rate resulted into $0.03 per share benefit in the fourth quarter versus our previous forecast. Full year tax rate was 29.25% versus last year's rate of 29.7%. Income from discontinued operations was lower than last year by $22 million, primarily due to a gain on the sale of a roofing fastener business in the fourth quarter of 2006. Turning to the balance sheet, total invested capital increased $364 million from the third quarter, primarily due to favorable currency translation and acquisitions, partially offset by lower working capital for the base businesses. Cost receivables increased mainly due to translation and acquisitions. However, DSO decreased 62.8 days to 61.8 days. Inventories were up slightly as month in hand was flat at 1.8 months, even with inventory increases due to translation and acquisitions. For the fourth quarter, capital expenditures and depreciation were both $99 million. On the financing side, our debt increased $625 million from last quarter, primarily due to the issuance of euro bond of €750 million on October 1st, partially offset by lower U.S. commercial paper balances. Our debt to capital ratio increased from 15% to 20% during the quarter. Our cash position increased $225 million in the fourth quarter as our free operating cash flow of $694 million and net borrowings of $592 million, we utilized for acquisitions of $193 million, dividends of $152 million, and share repurchases of $799 million. For the quarter we repurchased 14.4 million shares under our ongoing open ended program. For the full year, we spent $1.8 billion to repurchase 32 million shares. Our fourth quarter return on invested capital of 18.3% was higher than last year by 90 basis points. Lower working capital for the base businesses and a lower tax rate more than offset with negative effect of acquisitions. For the full year ROIC was 18%. Regarding acquisitions, we acquired 15 companies in the fourth quarter which had annual revenues of $165 million. For the full year we acquired 52 businesses with annualized revenues of approximately $1 billion. In the fourth quarter, we made a change to how our operations were internally reported to top management. Our 825 business units have now been grouped into 56 operating segments. These operating segments generally line up with our group presidents, who are one level below the EVPs. Group President function has gradually evolved over the years to help manage our decentralized operation, as the company has grown. As a result of this internal reporting change, our external reporting segments have also changed. The 56 operating segments have been aggregated into 8 reporting segments which I'll describe on the next slide. This change is effective for the fourth quarter of 2007. The segment operating results for all periods of 2007, 2006 and 2005 will be restated for this new segment structure for the 2007 Form 10-K, which is expected to be filed near the end of February. This next slide shows the revenues for the new segments for the last two years. Note that the results for each segment would be presented on a worldwide basis. The segments are as follows. Industrial packaging segment includes our strapping, stretch films, protective packaging and insulation businesses. Power systems and electronic segment includes our welding, PC board fabrication, ground power, a kind of component packaging and electronic component businesses. Transportation segment is made up of our components of fastener businesses that serve the automotive, heavy truck and marine industries as well as the automotive aftermarket business units. Construction product segment includes the tool and fastener businesses and the trucks product businesses. Food equipment segment includes businesses that make commercial food equipment for food, institutional restaurants and retail operations as well as businesses that provide service for that equipment. Decorative services segment includes laminate and solid surface businesses which is sold into the world class brand and other brands names around the world as well as the laminate flooring business. Polymers and fluid segment is made up of business groups which make a variety of pieces here [ph] on lubrication and cutting fluids and janitorial and sanitation materials for a variety of end markets. The all other segment includes remaining businesses which are not individually significant enough to be reported separately. As I previously mentioned the full operating results for these new segments will be released in late February in the 2007 10-K. However, for informational purposes John will now provide more details on our fourth quarter operating results under the old segment structure.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Ron. Let me just take a few minutes to comment on international and U.S. economic data that underlies slowing market activity especially in the U.S. So the indices have dipped somewhat, the news continues to be better internationally. EuroZone industrial production grew 2.9% in November versus 4.0% in August and the EuroZone Purchasing Managers Index was at 52.6% in December '07 versus 53.2% in September '07. We have however continued to see weakening macro data for North America. U.S. industrial production, ex-technology with at top at 0.27% in December '07 versus 0.7% in September. As important the ISM purchasing managers index dropped to 47.7% in December '07 from 52% in September '07. Now let's review our four manufacturing segments. Starting with North American Engineered Products, revenues increased 2.7% and operating income grew 3.6% in the fourth quarter. That's the first time segment operating income growth was positive in 2008. In fact, operating margins of 15.5% were 20 basis points higher than the year ago period thanks to a base margin contribution of 30 basis points. That represents a base margin improvement of 90 basis point compared to the third quarter. Looking at segment results, 2.7 increase... 2.7% increase in top-line consisted of the following. And there's 1.8% for base revenues, plus 3.6% from acquisitions plus 0.8% from translation, plus 0.1% from other. Moving to the next slide, the fourth quarter represented the best quarterly base revenue performance from our construction businesses in 2007. Total construction base revenues declined 4% in Q4, having decreased 5% for both Q3 and Q2 and 11% in Q1. Specifically base revenues for ITW construction consisting of tools, fasteners and truss products declined 10% in Q4 versus minus 8 in Q3. By channel, our new housing base revenues decreased 16% in Q4 which improved modestly from the 19% decline in Q3. Our Q4 housing base revenues performed 8 points better than the housing start decrease of 24% in the quarter. And HB's most recent data indicates that in December '07 housing starts were slightly over 1 million, a 38% decrease from the year ago period. From an ITW perspective, we still anticipate housing starts for full year '08 to be approximately in the range of 1 million to 1.1 million units. In HB's January 24 forecast has 2008 full year housing starts at 1.066 million. Our performance in other construction categories was mixed. For Q4 our renovation businesses declined 8% due to slower activities in box stores such has Home Depot and Lowe's. Our commercial construction businesses, however, grew base revenues 4% in the quarter mainly as a result of contributions from our truss business units. Now Wilsonart business base revenues grew 3%, marking the fourth quarter as Wilsonart's best top like performance of the year. Improved base laminate sales, driven largely by premium high definition products accounted for most of the base revenue increase. Moving to the next slide; thanks to penetration gains, our automotive base revenues were flat in the quarter even as Detroit 3 auto production fell 3% in Q4. That compares unfavorably to Detroit 3 builds, plus 1% in Q3... Detroit 3 builds were for Q4 were as follow: GM down 7, 4 plus 3 and Chrysler minus 3. For the full year '07 Detroit 3 builds were GM down 8, Ford down 7 and Chrysler was flat. As expected new domestic builds grew 8% in Q4 and increased 6% for the full year. Inventories showed modest improvement in the quarter. At December 31 Detroit 3 inventories were at 68 days on hand versus 70 days at September 30th. Specifically GM was at 73 days, Ford was at 70 days and Chrysler was at 59 days. New domestic inventories were at a relatively healthy 53 days at December 31 versus 48 days at September 30. Our latest CSM external forecast data now indicates that Detroit 3 builds will decline 9% and new domestics will increase 3% for full year 2008. That's a combined decline of 5% for 2008 and that is more negative than the range of minus 2 to minus 3 we gave you in New York City on November 30th. In our industrial products category of businesses, base revenues were flat in Q4. That's a slight improvement from our Q3 when base revenues were at minus 1%. Key growth and unit performance in Q4 included performance polymers growing 3%, Minigrip/ZipPak increasing 5% and fluid products growing 7%. On the down side industrial plastics declined 6% in the quarter mainly due to weaker demand from the appliance and electronic sectors. Moving to the next sector, or I should say the next segment. International Engineered Products, in the fourth quarter segment revenues increased 35.8% and operating income grew 21.4%. Operating margins of 14.8% were 170 basis points lower than year-ago period due to the diluted impact of acquisitions. Taking a closer look at the top line, the 35.8% increase in revenues consisted of the following: plus 6.6% from base revenues plus 16.2% from acquisitions, minus 0.4% from divestitures, plus 13.3% from translation and plus 0.1% from other. Similar to past quarters, this segment in Q4 produced across the board revenue growth in all business categories. Total construction base revenues grew 7% in Q4 versus 8% growth in Q3. By geography, Q4 base revenues were as follows: European Construction grew 4%, Asia-Pacific increased 13% and Wilsonart International grew 3%. Europe was aided by demand for commercial construction products to a wide variety of countries including France, Germany and a number of Nordic countries. Asia-Pacific benefited from strong performance from retail and truss units in Australia and Wilsonart's growth was largely driven by strong performance from Resopal, its German based business unit. Automotive base revenues increased a very healthy 8% in Q4, having been up similar 8% in Q3. Top-line growth was assisted by both penetration and a 6% increase in light vehicle production. In Europe, key build in Q4 included the following: Fiat at plus 14%, BMW at 13.1%, GM Group at 11.2%, Daimler at 10.1%, Ford Group at 3.2% and PSA Group at 1.5%. The remaining part of the segment is made of our industrial base units. These units in aggregate generated a base revenue growth of 5% in Q4. By base business group, Q4 base revenues were as follows: fluid products at plus 11%, performance polymers of 7% and industrial plastics declined 3%. Let's move to the North American Specialty Systems segment. For the fourth quarter our segment revenues grew to 8.2% and operating income increased 6.7%. Operating margins of 16.8% were 30 basis points lower than a year ago due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. In fact base margins improved 20 basis points in the quarter. Focusing on the top line, the 8.2% growth in revenues consisted of the following components: 2.9% from base revenues, 4.5% from acquisitions and 0.8% from translation. The two standout performers in terms of base revenue performance during the quarter were food equipment and welding. Food equipment's base revenues grew 6% in Q4 versus an increase of plus 9% in Q3. For the full year food equipment grew 6%. In Q4 food equipment benefited from strong institutional casual dining demand for its refrigeration and cooking products and related service businesses, Welding's base revenues grew 5% in Q4, even with some very difficult comparisons from a year ago and ongoing weakness in the mix of industrial end-markets. That compares to 7% growth in Q3. For the full year, welding's base revenues were up 5%. The weakness in the segment continues to be the Signode industrial packaging business which saw base revenues decline 2% in Q4 versus a decrease of 6% in Q3. For the full year base revenues fell 5%. Again weaker demand for end of life packaging applications in lumber, brick and block and primary metals continues to impact revenues. Finally, International Specialty Systems, for the fourth quarter segment revenues increased 34.9% and operating income grew 32.3%. Operating margins of 13.8% were 20 basis points lower from a year ago due to acquisitions. In fact, base margins increased 120 basis points from a year ago period. Looking at top line, the 34.9% growth in revenues consisted of the following: 2.5% from base, 21.2% from acquisitions, 11.7% from translation and divestitures were negative 40 basis points and other was negative 10 basis points. So more of the North America, food equipment and welding were the key contributors to top line growth in this segment. Food equipment's base revenues grew 10% in Q4 with contributions hailing from a variety of countries especially Germany and France. Food equipment's base revenues increased 10% for the full year. That compares to growth of 14% in Q3. Welding's base revenues increased 12% in Q4, thanks to strong demand for consumables and equipment in Asia, particularly China. By comparison, welding's base revenues increased 6% in Q3 and for the full year, base revenues grew an impressive 13%. On the downside, industrial packing Europe declined 5%, industrial packaging Asia decreased 4% in Q4. For Q3 both categories were flat and for the full year both categories were up 3%. Now, let me turn it back over to Ron who'll talk about the '08 forecasts.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John. We're forecasting first quarter 2008 diluted income from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.72 to $0.78 per share. Low end of this range assumes 8% growth of total revenues and higher end of the range assumes 11% total revenue growth. Midpoint of the EPS range of $0.75 per share would be 10% higher than the prior year. For the full year 2008, our forecasted earnings range is $3.47 to $3.61 per share. The full year total revenue growth is expected to be in the range of 6% to 10%. Midpoint of this earnings range of $3.54 would be 8% higher than 2007. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rate holding at current levels, acquired revenues in the range of $800 million to $1.2 billion, share repurchases for the year of $800 million to $1.0 billion, estimated impairment of goodwill and intangibles stood $6 million in the first quarter. Net non-operating expense, which includes interest expense and other non-operating income in a range of $116 million to $125 million for the year, which is unfavorable versus 2007 by $70 million to $80 million. We had a tax rate between 28.75 and 29.25 for the full year. I'll now turn back over to John for the Q&A.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Ron. Now we'll open the call to your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question is from Mr. Lagaipa of Oppenheimer.
Robert Lagaipa - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi Bob.
Robert Lagaipa - Oppenheimer & Co.: Couple of questions. I guess one, you have moved away from given your actual base sales or core growth forecast to total revenue. I guess my first question is just asking you, why did you decide to move away from base sales? And two, what do you think base sales are going to be for the first quarter and for the full year?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well let me answer that Rob. We, in looking at our new segment reporting, have decided that in the data we are going to provide across these eight segments, so look at these businesses globally. And as such provide data in terms of total revenue growth. So while we will still reference based revenue growth really what we are looking at primarily across these segments is that... our full year full revenue growth including acquisitions. I think across eight segments you will agree that, that data is obviously the most meaningful data as we look at these new groups of businesses. So while base is still a number that will track, it's really not the primary metric in how we look at revenue growth.
Robert Lagaipa - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. So what are you expecting base to be then? I mean if you are still tracking at... what's that component of your forecast for the first quarter and the full year?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would expect for the first quarter that we will be looking at base revenues that are somewhat flat. And for the year probably base revenue growth somewhere in the 2% range.
Robert Lagaipa - Oppenheimer & Co.: Terrific. And second question if I could. Obviously we've had a couple of years now of acquisitions, it's put pressure on the operating margins of course. Now that you are a couple of years since the 80/20, of course you are going to continue with the acquisitions, especially in this type of an environment. But should we expect for 2008 or first quarter and 2008, are you capable of actually growing the margins year-over-year?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are and we certainly would see that in the existing acquisitions. As you know, the first year of the acquisitions, we have the heavy step-ups in amortizations that occur that would dilute the margins on a post-amortization basis. We look at the pre-tax margins and the growth in those margins on an operating basis, and they have performed... collectively as a group, the acquisitions in '07 have performed in line with our expectations. And those that we completed in '06 are actually in that same category. So we are seeing the kind of progress you would expect to see with a large amount of acquisitions that we did in the fourth quarter of '06. You will start to see the margin improvements as the amortization on those are largely behind us now. So in the first quarter of '08 and then forward you will see... begin to see that reflected. But as was pointed out in, I think Ron's comments, we expect the margin impact to be diluted by acquisitions, obviously in the first several years. It's really not until year 3 or 4 where we really start to see the significant change in operating margins. But I can tell you that for the first year of the acquisitions as we've looked at them this year we're right in line with what our expectations are.
Robert Lagaipa - Oppenheimer & Co.: Terrific. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Deane Dray of Goldman Sachs.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good afternoon. David, I would be interested in hearing an update on your views on commercial construction for 2008. You saw the Fed step in this afternoon and give us another 50 basis points in referencing, tightening credit conditions on some businesses. What's your expectation for the businesses that ITW touches in the U.S. and international for commercial construction?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as we told you in New York in December, our expectation for new awards for 2008 was going to be down, we thought on a square foot basis somewhere in the 5% range. I have seen nothing at that would indicate that, that would change at least our current outlook. So I still see it as a market that's going to contract and obviously there are a number of categories in commercial constructions. So the bulk of them we see contracting, there will be a couple that will probably show some positive numbers. The final numbers from Dodge for 2007 show a contraction of about 5.5%. So actually the biggest negative part of 2007 was actually in the beginning of the year but they are still tracking at negative numbers overall. In Europe, we saw a positive growth in the Europe in the market, so in 2007, on commercial construction in the 4% range and our view in 2008 is the same as what we shared with you in December which is about 3% growth in commercial numbers in Europe.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Great and then just a question on, with regard to the emphasis on divestitures and the way you're looking at your businesses today, are you applying any new standards in how you're evaluating the companies whether there is the right bid whether there is growth, the synergies, the returns and so forth? It sounds like you're giving these businesses a more critical look than you had in the past.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think from a financial metric standpoint, the standards are no different. I think, what perhaps is a bit different, Deane is that we have a number of businesses in some of these portfolios that you would have seen we've divested in the last year and a half. They were businesses that were adequate performers but frankly didn't fit the growth profile what we were looking for going forward. And in some cases may have been businesses that individually were interesting businesses but didn't fit collectively within our group and certainly not with our long term growth strategies. So perhaps that's a bit of a change in our new ones and how we're looking at it. But I'd say the financial metrics, again if I look at the businesses we divested in the last year and these five businesses that have been put in discontinued operations, I'd say two of them were divested because of performance related... underperforming what our expectations would be. The other three would be a variety of sort of end-market sort of issues, businesses that came to us as a result of acquisitions that were portion of an acquisition that didn't really fit the core strategy. And in two cases, businesses that end-market conditions over the last four or five years changed to the point where we didn't see them being the kinds of businesses going forward that they'd been in the past.
Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Nissan [ph] of Mindflow Capital Investment.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, a couple of things. Congratulations on a solid quarter. Dave, you always seem to have come up with great results. Couple of things regarding the operational improvement initiatives, what can you elaborate? Can you give us some color on what you're doing regarding lean manufacturing TPM Six Sigma and how do you expect those benefits to impact the bottom line?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our process is as you might know is what we refer to it as 80/20. And our operational programs from a lean standpoint revolve around our institution or our capabilities of implementing 80/20 across our business portfolio. It is a continuous process, so it's not something that stops. We see the greatest impact in generally newer acquired businesses and clearly that's where we drive the bulk of our improvement in margins. As a reference point last year, our average acquisition came to us with just over 7% pretax operating margins. It's our expectation that, that group of businesses would be performing somewhere in the 15% to 16% range in the next 4 to 5 years. So the bulk of that probably, 80 plus percent of that improvement is going to come from our application of 80/20 inside those businesses and in really improving their supply chain, their manufacturing metrics and the focus on customers and products that are going to drive profitable growth. That would be likewise similar to what goes on inside our existing operations. And certainly as our businesses look at different sized market opportunities as markets expand and contract they likewise look at their own business base and adjust accordingly as well. But 80/20 is really what drives our operational improvements.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And follow up to that question, whether for mainly, one metric that you guys are going to be using to manage in the manufacturing process and make sure you're doing the right job, in terms of like OEE or RONA and also for the remainder of 2008, what systems and solutions do you plan to put in place the CEO of Illinois Tool Works to accelerate your great continuous improve initiatives? But you've definitely won the battle in the industry.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we use a number of different metrics obviously on our operating businesses. But if you look at it from an investment standpoint it's return on investment metric. And obviously the working capital areas that we pay particular attention to our operating units which are the short term assets that they have a great deal of impact on receivables inventory, are generally reflective of how efficient their supply chain operations are and how efficient they are from a service standpoint with their customers. So those are the metrics that we look at. We have a lot of businesses as Ron pointed out, our overall month on hand, 1.8 months gives us about 6.3 turns a year. We have a lot of businesses that operate with more than 12 turns a year in the inventories. So we look at those as short term operating metrics and return on investment obviously is the important metric at the operating units. And we use that across our 825 or so business units.
Unidentified Analyst: And the second part of that question was what systems?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: We have to move on, thanks. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Koznarek of Cleveland Research Company.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Mark?
Operator: Mr. Koznarek, your line is open
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: I think it's call snap in Cleveland. Could we go to the next question?
Operator: : Certainly. Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Operator: : Mr. Cook?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Jamie?
Operator: All right Mr. John Inch of Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good afternoon.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: John, you made it.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes I did. Hey, I just wanted to go back just briefly to the base business issue. David, when you became CEO, one of your key initiatives was to move the company's historical average base business, kind of the five to six or at least higher than the historical four. This kind of implies I don't want to misconstrue a bit, sort of implies that you may be moving away from that strategic initiatives. Could you talked about and comparably what sort of prompted this?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we are not moving away from that initiative at all John. Obviously if you're referring to how we are reporting revenues as we looked at again these new eight segments that we are talking about, we wanted to reported those on a global basis because that's really the way those... the way we are operating those businesses, and the way we look at the data. And the most meaningful metric from a revenue standpoint, is total revenue growth but clearly underlying that is the compilation of acquisitions as well as base revenue growth. And no, we still are looking at 5% to 6% as our target long term for base revenue growth. And those are the targets that we will be measuring inside those of group of businesses.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: John, keep in mind that we will report base revenues on a quarterly basis. We will throw up all the numbers for you but I think it's our view that there has been sort of an overly myopic view of base revenues that people want to dissect almost on a daily basis.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: No, I understand. You just... you're basically saying you just don't want that to be the short term focus of the street. I think that's what you're trying to say
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Frankly John, it's not the way we develop our plans and report our plans. So we don't develop our plans looking only at base and we don't report them internally looking only at base. So it really is... this is much more a reflective of the way we actually operate the businesses.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: The original kind of segmentation if I am not mistaken had kind of parses between equipment versus consumables. And I guess kind of got bored over time, I mean if you were to look at consumables board, are they sort of equally spread or is there a... are some of these segments going to be more equipment versus consumable oriented?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: I think if you look at it going down the list industrial packaging, clearly there is a big consumer involvement [ph] there. The power systems has the welding consumables. And so the other equipment businesses for instance food equipment, there's not really consumable but there is an aftermarket service element, so look at the bigger one is that we are in specialty systems in the past.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we'll certainly be at a position when we look at those segments going forward John to talk more directly about equipment and consumable inside of each of those segments. That's one of the benefits I think that this segmentation will help us with. The large equipment group as you would know are concentrated in those three categories that Ron just mentioned the industrial packaging group, the power electronics area which can enhance welding and then certainly food equipment.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: And where does the Click Commerce in those businesses go?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: They will be in the other --
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They will be in the other category.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Just lastly, your raw material outlook is part of a guidance, I mean steel I guess debatably could be moving a little bit higher. How are you guys thinking about raw materials and the metals specifically and maybe what's the sensitivity as part of your outlook?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think, our plans are structured with a particular point in time look at raw material cost with the idea that any change from that if it's upward, clearly we are going to have to price recovery plans. So we will have to institute price increases. So that's generally the way we approach raw material or input costs going into the planned cycle. To answer your question about metals, we definitely have seen a rise in metal prices. Some of our businesses already had seen that telegraphed in the fourth quarter. So some of that was included in their plans, others have had recent announcements of cost increases on steel. So we'll be looking to our recover costs on some of the steel going forward as well. But we definitely have seen inflationary pressure on steel particularly in the last 60 to 90 days.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: To reiterate David's point in our margin, when we look at margins for '08 we're forecasting basically a flat impact of pricing and plus raw materials in the margin area.
Operator: Next question from Jim Edelman of Highland Capital.
James Edelman - Highland Capital: Hello. Can you comment on discontinued operations in '08? Do you expect earnings from those discontinued operations and if so, can you tell us about how much?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well, the only earnings we would have in 2008 from those would be the food businesses that have not yet been sold. The other three have already been sold in either 2007 or 2006. And while there will be... have some results, it's probably not significant, the most significant portion of it would probably be when they actually get sold. There may be a gain that we are not at this point trying to forecast what that might be.
James Edelman - Highland Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Joel Tiss of Lehman.
Joel G. Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon. I have just one clarification. Are you going to be giving us operating profits by the new segments?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, when we release the 10-K for 2007 in late February and we'll be presenting these eights segments basically in the same format as we've done our prior segments. So, showing the revenues and operating income, operating margin and the various components clubbed between acquisition, translation etcetera... the revenues.
Joel G. Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then in 2008, do you expect to spend more than your free cash flow again in the combination of share repurchase and acquisitions?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think if you look at it, we probably would have an estimate of free cash flow for '08 of about in the $2 billion range which is a little bit higher than one-time net income. And if you look at kind of the three, the three big areas that we spend our free cash flow on, our acquisition forecast, the midpoint is $1 billion. Share recall is $900 million and dividend is probably in the $550 million $600 million range. So, we would over spend our free cash flow a bit which we need to do to stay in target. Debt to cap range of 20% to 25%. So, we are in lower end of that range now. If we spend as a bottom line, it will be a little bit more flowed into that 20% to 25% range and which shouldn't be above it.
Joel G. Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then last one, can you just talk a little bit, maybe, David about are you seeing any signs of second half economic rebound or what would be the factors that would cause you to revaluate your economy?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you telling about the second half of '07 or '08?
Joel G. Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Yes, exactly. I was still waiting for the other one.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think if you look at the way our plan has structured, Joe, I mean, obviously the second half seems like a long way of the way at the moment. But if you look at the way our plan is structured, we would expect to see in our businesses a better growth in the second half of the year particularly, here in North America. But I will tell you, it's primarily based on easier comps, not necessarily more robust market activity. I think, the impact of the change in rate cuts is going to take some time to play through. We will see what happens. But I think what we have seen, as John referenced to earlier in the ISM data in the industrial production data here in North America we're obviously still seeing those markets contracting. The ISM data at the end of December was under 50 and the industrial production number is almost zero now. So, that's clearly in line with what we've been seeing. So I expect the first half of the year to be in North America, in particular, flat and in some end-markets probably actually down and I would expect the second half to show improvement.
Joel G. Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is with Mr. Robert Wertheimer of Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon everybody. I guess my question first on acquisitions. Are you looking to be more aggressive into the downturn or no? And can discuss your pipeline backlog and what are those... any at least potential for larger chunky acquisitions that could make the number bigger?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well as it relates to the acquisition range we've established, it's largely the same range we established going into '07. And in fact it's largely in line with what we actually were able to achieve in '07. So I would say the... our view of the market in terms of what we see today is not largely different. Our pipeline is roughly the same, a little over $1 billion in the pipeline. I think in terms of what I would expect to see based on what's happened with private equity and leverage, I would expect to see some improvement although I have to say that so far we haven't seen any significant change. I think that's probably based on the fact that anybody that is selling larger size assets in particular is probably taking a serious look as to where they want to put anything on the market at the moment. So, I think there has actually been somewhat of a low in terms of larger transactions. I would expect though going forward, that we're going to be... have going to have the opportunity to look at perhaps somewhat larger deals with more favorable valuations than what we've seen in the past. But that is not necessarily represented in our pipeline. I think there is perhaps only one deal in our pipeline at the moment that approaches $200 million in size. So we haven't seen it yet.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: That's helpful. Thank you. And if I can just ask you a quick one, was there any change in internal operating structure along with your reporting structure? Or is it strictly reporting, and any philosophical change there?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well there were some changes made during 2007 that in the reporting structure as we added two Executive Vice Presidents. And really at that point as we began to look at the businesses and the structures when we really made the decision that realigning our segments and the operating groups under this 56 group presidents is what we really spent the fourth quarter looking at and making that decision.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: I didn't mean to ignore that. I was thinking more though on the.. just the business unit level of the business unit managers relating to each other differently now that they are in different silos.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Dowd of Bernstein... Bernstein, your line is open.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Hi. let me ask you follow up on the internal operating segment change. Let me just be clear right, you have gone to 56 operating segments, and you have 835 business units. Part of your operating model has always been in addition to the acquisitions, and addition 80/20 has been enormous proximity to the end customer. Are you centralizing the business more today operationally than you were a year ago? Should we read back into this change or not?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. not at all. No it's not, the group President level which is the 56 groups that John and Ron referenced earlier. That level has been in existence and it has been growing over the last 4 or 5 years. Really this segment reporting these eight segments we have talked about is really a realignment of the way we are looking at the businesses internally and the way those 56 group presidents operate. But the 825 business units and the decentralization we use in running those individual businesses is exactly the same as it was in the past. So the focus at the business unit level hasn't changed at all. And in sort of answer to the previous question, it was... that was asked as well, we didn't realign the group presidents and their operating units. So there really the group President level and the units they have responsibility for, are largely intact the way they were about 2007, so no change in the focus in terms of decentralization and really no move to centralize anything. You shouldn't read any of that into this.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: So I might understand that, so in this new segment that's reporting industrial packaging, there is no one inside ITW who actually has a P&L called industrial packaging. there is no executive who has responsibility for that.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Oh no, there is an executive who have responsibility for that, yes.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Okay so the EVPs are aligned against the way in which you're reporting this?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, in some cases the segment may in total report to an EVP but in other cases the segment may be representative of more than one EVPs group of businesses.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Okay, all right.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: The way the accounting rule work on this is, it starts with how is the data get reported up to top management. And so historically we're reporting basically end of business level of top management, now we have 825 business units. And we have a this group President layer that we have added over the years. And at the end of the day we've looked and said the right place for top management to really look at how the businesses are doing, it's the group President level. And therefore that's what we have for 56. It allows you to aggregate the 56 based on how similarly are the some [indiscernible] naturally like industrial packaging together under EVP, other ones come from different EVPs.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: That's very helpful and one last thing. Are your acquisitions roughly... evenly your acquisition pipeline and your thinking about how you're going to acquire roughly evenly distributed across these segments? Or are there segments that are really going to be the focus of acquisitions?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as you would look Dan, not much change going forward at least to the pipeline. If you look at what we did in 2007, we did virtually no acquisitions or very small acquisitions in auto and construction as an example. Bulk of the acquisitions were coming from other areas, and as you might remember about 75% of the acquired dollars in 2007 were in international markets. So that's largely representative of what I see in the pipeline at the moment as well. So it's not that we aren't doing acquisitions in construction and auto. We just haven't seen the kinds of opportunities that are attractive in those two areas. So polymers and fluids was a very active area for acquisition as was the powered electronics area and the food equipment area in 2007.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein Research: Alright, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Lamb of Woodhouse Research [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, good afternoon gentlemen. One moment please. Hi, it's Fli Louis [ph]. My question relates to the R&D line, which is a very large relative to revenues and up quite a bit both for the quarter and for the year. What goes into that line?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: You are talking about the line on the income statement is really SG&A, selling administrative and R&D altogether...
Unidentified Analyst: Oh, I see, okay.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: And it's so up... it's up year-over-year primarily due to acquisition. As we acquire companies, we bring on their SG&A. And as percentage of revenue slightly unfavorable year-on-year primarily due to acquisition having higher overhead typically when they start with ITW.
Unidentified Analyst: I see, okay, I guess you're surely doing a lot of research. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Robert McCarthy of R. W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon guys.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi. Rob.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Hi. Rob.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Can you give us your forecast for capital spending and depreciation in 2008?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, for depreciation --
Unidentified Analyst: Capital spending will be what, Ron? In excess of 350?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, CapEx is about 430 to 440. Depreciation about 370.
Unidentified Analyst: Depreciation and amortization?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Just depreciation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And really two questions about, I guess, revenues what we are talking about. One is as part of your change in reporting format as we get into next year, are you going to be at a position yet where you can start to report on the contribution from new product development that you have been working on aggregating?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not on a global, no.
Unidentified Analyst: What does that mean, David? You are going to start to be able to talk about it, maybe in some businesses.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Measurement in all of the business units. Even within some of these groups to be able to aggregate it and have one corporate measure that's the same.
Unidentified Analyst: I see. Okay. And my other question goes to the organic or base revenue growth performance in specialty systems international where you saw what, basically flat third quarter in industrial packaging go to negative numbers. Not so much Europe but I think everybody is pretty satisfied that things will slow down there. This business is a leading indicator but that gives me some concern about Asia. Should we read a negative comp in that business as a leading indicator of weakening conditions there? Or is there something unusual in the comparison that's really ITW specific?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, you shouldn't read anything into there. It really is specific to... the delay on the startup of a business unit, actually two businesses in China and also some restructuring that went on in another. So it was anomaly. It's a relatively modest number at the moment in terms of the Asian content but it will become much more significantly going forward but no, you shouldn't read anything into that.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Rob, across the company Asia growth is about 8% in the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: And for the full year?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: I am not sure. I don't know what that is?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. If you come up with it, tell us later. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ann Duignan of Bear Stearns.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Hi guys. Good afternoon. My first question would be to David. David back in November you had expected organic growth going into '08 to be somewhere 2.5% to 3%, roughly 2%. What's changed incrementally? I know some of it may be the discontinued operations that came out, so you got partitioned herein [ph] and sales of businesses. But you noted that North America automotive has gotten worse. Has anything else deteriorated?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes. Since November, Ann certainly the housing market, I mean we took our numbers down in actually as we headed into to our meetings in December in housing. We had been at $1.2 million to $1.3 million in projected starts for '08. And we moved that down to 1 to 1.1. The other one would be auto. And frankly the industrial production numbers now in North America are clearly much clearer to us, and that is flat and in some end markets the first half of the year probably actually negative. And I think you've seen that reflected now in the industrial production and ISM numbers. So those would have been the significant changes. I think, where we are in Europe is about where we thought we would be, which is back to more historical kind of growth and GDP ranges in Europe but still positive growth. And really nothing has changed materially in Asia. So it's really North America.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay. So automotive... whereas housing, I think, you had already talked about being very weak. And then industrial production may be a little bit weaker today than you might have expected a month and a half ago. is that...
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. But actually the auto build has come down twice since November. It came down rather significantly in December. The numbers we shared with and it came down again in January as particularly the Detroit 3 cut their builds even further. So I think when we were with you in December, we were talking about an auto build that was for the year that Detroit 3 were going to be down in the 6% range. Now it's down 9.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: David, I would also add that the performance out of our industrial plastics area with compliance-related products reached down fairly significantly from where we thought it would be in November. So Ann we're seeing that mostly on the North American side. We're starting to see some additional weakness on the international side.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay, that's good color. Thank you. And just as a follow up. I just wanted to make sure I understand your '08 guidance because I think between you and 1 communicating, I was just wondering, John, I had messed it up. I think what you're saying now is that your earnings from continuing operations is the same as your GAAP earnings for '08?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: I'm not sure if I understand that.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Your midpoint for full year income per share from continuing ops is 354?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Correct.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: And GAAP will be the same, is that what you are saying?
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, we are not really giving guidance on the continuing ops. It shouldn't be of any significance. I mean, the biggest... like I mentioned earlier, the biggest will be [indiscernible] businesses, there could be a gain that has some impact, but at this point our guidance is really focused on income from continuing operations, which is a GAAP measurement.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Okay, I was just surprised that it was so far from consensus given the positive impact of lower tax rate and lower share count. So I will get back in line and take my questions offline with you. Thanks
Operator: Next question is from Mark Koznarek of Cleveland Research.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you there Mark?
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Hi, guys, can you hear at this point?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We can hear you now.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay, thanks. Just I have kind of a conceptual question about the earnings growth for next year having to do with the dilution from acquisition because if we look at this year, we just came off a year where you had roughly 2% organic growth and posted 11% earnings growth, and next year the mid-point on about the same organic growth on the top line is 8%, and we've got, it looks like, about 3 percentage points of growth from the last era [ph] of your investments. So you would say that it's a pretty reasonable estimate on the face of it, but one thing that strikes me is that in... back in '06 you did this huge slug of acquisitions, $1.7 billion, and we had a big increase in acquisition dilution this year. Shouldn't that be cresting and going back towards more normal levels because now you're in the second and even latter part of the year you'll be in the third year of ownership of some of these '06 deals. So it strikes me that margins should be improving a bit more than your guidance range and I know I have kind of stepped you through a lot of numbers, but I'm wondering if you can kind of conceptually help me with that... those thoughts.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: So, let's start with the midpoint on 8% on earnings growth, right? On the operating margin side, we're expecting a little bit lower margins, but not as significant as we saw in 2007 and 2006. We are seeing some improvement some improvement in the face margin, very little effect from price cost, as I had mentioned earlier. I think we are seeing some of the benefits of the year two and three from of some these acquisitions. The acquisition dilution on margins, which was double-digits for most of 2007 and 2006, we expect to be a lot less, may be half of that in the five to six... 50 or 60 basis points range. So while we are seeing some dilution in margins, not as big as we have seen. Now, when you go down the rest of the income statements, one thing to consider here is that as we disclose in our assumptions, we had some negative comparables related to non-operating. So we've grouped our other income, which includes the investment income from the past, as well as interest expense together, it looked that all in [ph] and we are seeing that that could be down year-on-year by about $75 million. $50 million of that is interest. So the way we are viewing that interest, that's really interest on leveraging up the balance sheet up this higher level primarily to repurchase shares, but also to do acquisitions. So we have kind of looked at that increase in interest and the lower share count together and say that together is adding about $0.11 to $0.12 for the year. It's above 3.5% of the 8, it is from shares and interest. But what that also means in the non-operating area, we are losing about $0.04 for the year in other things, primarily investment income would continue to be a drag in that $20 million to $30 million range versus what it was in 2007. So, looking at the total 8%, the midpoint, you have base in the 2% to 3% range, acquisitions in the 1% to 2%, a little bit from translation, some negative in the non-operating area and some favorable impact from shares and interest.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay, that's helpful. I am still not sure it totally adds up, it seems like there... is there any kind of mix dynamics that's going on where you expect certain parts of the business to contribute more of the growth than other more profitable pieces? Is there any elements like that in there?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well, similar to '07, international, which will be stronger than North America. So there is a bit of a mix issue because our international margins aren't quite as high as North America. So there is some of that, but clearly not as much as it was since last year.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay, alright, that's helpful. Thank you
Operator: The next question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, can you hear me?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, hi Jamie
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hey guys. Most of my questions have been answered, two quick follow ups; one, I guess David, when you think about inventory levels, not things that you are selling direct that are going through distribution, any areas where you think you might need to... that they might need to cut back a little or are you pretty comfortable there? So I guess if you could start there first?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, overall I think our businesses have done a reasonably good job of adjusting their inventories. I mean, we have seen the big changes that we had to deal with probably here in North America where it largely related to what was going on in housing and most of those adjustment occurred during the first half of the year. So even though the market has continued to trend downward, I think our businesses run pretty close to those trend lines and adjust accordingly. I think the biggest opportunity for us in inventory is with the newer acquisitions and that's usually the case. So I would expect that in 2008 that we are going to see the opportunity as we do with our acquisitions to make significant progress in reducing inventories there. I don't know what the overall MOH number would have been with the acquired businesses in 2007, but it certainly would have been well above our 1.8 average MOH. So I think most of the opportunity, Jamie, will come from newly acquired businesses.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then just secondly last question, the ISM numbers that came out in December, I guess, surprised everyone. Did you guys see that... when you think about the month of December, was it much weaker than sort of October, November and at the end of January, any commentary you can give us there yet?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've been... I think, we've been saying for the last four months or so that we saw the industrial number, the industrial activity actually weakening and I wasn't using the ISM number when I was looking at that, I was looking at the actual activity levels in our businesses. So I don't want to say we're a precursor to the ISM, but I think we certainly have seen this softening in the industrial markets here ahead of those indices, that's for sure. I have not seen any strengthening and I think that in some of the end markets as we would have expected we've seen some continued slowing. So, as I think I pointed out earlier, I think the industrial markets here in North America, I see the first half of the year some of them being flat and probably some of those end segments actually being down. But I think the ISM data is probably accurately reflecting what we've been seeing going on from last three or four months. Jamie, if you look at our North American Engineered Products in December, it was the weakest month of the quarter for us.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Alright, thank you I appreciate the color.
Operator: And the final question is from Andy Casey of Wachovia.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Andy.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Llc: Good afternoon guys, I got in.
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We can even hear you too.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Llc: Yes, good. First question on the non volume margin impacts in the two North American businesses in the quarter, is that totally related to the input cost inflation?
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Let's talk about them separately. For Engineered Products North America, the non-volume is favorable by 80 basis points. The input costs and the pricing is flat. So most of the benefit of that is coming from cost controls and primarily the benefit of some prior restructurings we have done in a bunch of different business units. Also, we had some favorable mix issues, for instance, in our Wilsonart business we're selling more high-definition laminates that has margins. And especially, systems [ph] North American side, we are down 50 basis points. Again, price cost is flat and there we have some inefficiencies and some other miscellaneous issues, nothing of any significance, inventory adjustments in one place and some other issues in another place. Also we have the mix issues there where we have some stronger revenue growth in some lower margin type businesses.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Llc: Okay. I guess a follow-up on price costs flat comments in both. I think earlier in the call you referred to recapturing pricing. Was that international or are you going after margin in North America.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think it's worldwide. I mean, I think we have seen this over the last few years and have become much quicker to react to changes in input costs. So, not only are we looking to recover the dollars of cost increases, but also trying to establish our margins as well, and we have been able to that, because even though it was flat in the quarter, we did have some cost increases that we were able to recover.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Llc: Okay. And then the last one and maybe it's get back to the question Jamie was just asking on the inventory. Did you see any disruption in distributor orders related to the New Mexican tax law?
David B. Speer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Boy, Andy, I can't tell you that I have heard that come up from any of our executives as an issue. So, I would have to say that nothing material. I certainly haven't heard anything. Ron, I don't know whether you have heard anything, but I certainly did not.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: No.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Llc: Okay, thank you very much.
Ronald D. Kropp - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: And there are no further questions, sir.
John L. Brooklier - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-17 14:00:00) =====
Executives: John Brooklier - Investor Relations David Speer - Chief Executive Officer Ron Kropp - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven Boltman - J.P. Morgan Robert Lagava Deane Dray - Goldman Sachs Andy Casey - Wachovia Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research John Inch - Merrill Lynch Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein Ann Duigan - Bear Stearns David Raso - Citigroup
Operator: Welcome to the ITW third quarter 2007 earnings releaseconference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the meetingover to Mr. John Brooklier. Sir, you may begin.
John Brooklier:  Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome toour third quarter 2007 conference call. I’m John Brooklier, ITW's investorrelations officer, and with me today is David Speer, our CEO, and Ron Kropp,our CFO. Thanks all of you for joining us on today’s call. At this point, Davidwould like to make some general comments about the recently completed quarter.
David Speer: Thank you, John. I am pleased to report that our thirdquarter operating performance was quite strong. We grew 14% in the thirdquarter in earnings and that’s the second consecutive quarter in which we’veposted double-digit earnings growth, and we accomplished this in an environmentthat, much like last quarter, where our international end markets were strongand our North American end markets faced difficult headwinds, especially in thenew housing sector. Even so, our third quarter top line increased 16%, operatingincome grew 11%, and net income rose 10%. I am also encouraged by our operating margin performance of17% in the quarter. While the overall margins were down 70 basis points fromthe year earlier period due to acquisitions, our base margins actually improved60 basis points from the year-ago period. Speaking of acquisitions, we continue to acquire at a pacewhich we will believe -- believe will be in a range of $1 billion to $1.2billion of annualized revenues for the full year of 2007. As you know, we lookat acquisitions as future earnings growth opportunities for the company. John, let me turn it back to you.
John Brooklier: Thanks, David. Here’s the agenda for today’s call; Ron willjoin us momentarily to give a review of the financials for the third quarter. Iwill then update you on our four manufacturing segments and associated endmarkets. Ron will then come back and address our fourth quarter and full yearearnings forecast and associated assumptions, and finally, all of us will takeyour questions. Please note that as always, we ask for your cooperation asto the one question, one follow-up question policy. We hope to complete thiscall in about an hour today. Thank you. First, a few items; please note that this call and thecompany presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning ofthe Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including withoutlimitation statements regarding end market conditions, base revenue growth,earnings growth, operating income, other income, tax rates, use of free cash,acquisitions, and the company’s related forecasts. These statements are subjectto certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actualresults to differ from those anticipated. These risks are spelled out in moredetail on the slide and also in our Form 10-Q for the 2007 second quarter. Finally, the telephone replay for this conference call is203-369-1278. No passcode is necessary. The playback number will be availablethrough 12:00 midnight on October 31, 2007, and as always, you can access ourPowerPoint presentation via the itw.com website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Ron Kropp. Ron.
Ron Kropp: Good afternoon, everybody. The highlights for the thirdquarter are as follows: similar to last quarter, revenues grew approximately16% versus last year. Operating income was up 11% versus the prior year,primarily due to higher revenues and improved margins for the base businesses,the favorable impact of currency translation, and acquisitions. Operating margins of 17% were lower than last year by 70basis points, mainly due to the lower margins of acquired companies. Diluted net income per share of $0.89 was 14% higher thanlast year. Free operating cash flow of $656 million was significantly higherthan last year and return on invested capital was 19%, which was higher thanlast year by 40 basis points. Now let me give you the details of our operating results.Our 15.7% revenue growth was primarily due to three factors. First, basebusiness revenue grew 2.2%. This growth rate was 20 basis points lower than thesecond quarter of 2007. International base revenues increased 5.1%, which was 290basis points lower than the second quarter. While international growth had sloweda bit from the 8%-plus levels we saw in the first half of the year, wecontinued to see solid performance in most of the companies end markets inEurope and the Asia-Pacific region. North American based revenues increased 0.2%, which wasfavorable by 160 basis points versus the decline of 1.4% in the second quarter.The North American businesses continued to see the effect of slowing industrialproduction and declines in residential construction, although construction wasnot as negative as the first half of the year. Secondly, acquisition added 11.7% to revenue growth, whichwas 30 basis points lower than the second quarter acquisition effect. Third, currency translation increased revenues by 3.8%,which was 20 basis points higher than the second quarter currency effect.Overall our 16% revenue growth was primarily the result of strong base businessgrowth internationally and the impact of acquisitions and favorable currencytranslation. Operating margins for the third quarter of 17.0% were lowerthan last year by 70 basis points, primarily due to the larger amount ofacquired revenues in the last 12 months and our typically lower margin, whichreduced overall margins by 150 basis points. The base businesses improved margins 60 basis points, whichis better than the second quarter by 40 basis points and partially offset thenegative acquisition effect. John will provide more details of the operatingresults when he discusses the individual operating segments. In the non-operating area, other income was lower in theprior year by $17 million, primarily due to lower investment income of $12.5million versus last year. The second quarter effective tax rate was 28.8% versus 30.5%in the second quarter of 2006. The year-to-date tax rate is 29.25%, which isslightly lower than last quarter’s year-to-date rate of 29.5%. Turning to our invested capital, total invested capitalincreased $67 million from the second quarter, primarily due to acquisitions,partially offset by lower operating working capital. Accounts receivable decreased mainly due to seasonality andwere at 62.5 days sales outstanding. Inventories were essentially flat versus last quarter at 1.8months on hand, even with inventories from acquired companies. For the third quarter, capital expenditures were $80 millionand depreciation expense was $89 million. On the financing side, our debt increased $190 million fromlast quarter and our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 15.1% from 13.7% lastquarter. As we have previously disclosed, on October 1st, we issuedEUR 750 million of a seven-year bond with a coupon rate of 5.25%. The proceedsfrom the bonds were distributed back to the U.S. and will be used for generalcorporate purposes. Going forward, our strong European cash flow will be used toservice this debt. Our cash position increased $121 million in the thirdquarter, as our free operating cash flow of $656 million and borrowings of $183million were utilized for acquisitions of $195 million, dividends of $116million, and share repurchases of $479 million. For the quarter, we repurchased 8.6 million shares under ourongoing, open-ended program. Year-to-date, we have spent $959 million torepurchase 18 million shares. Due to our continued strong cash flow andavailable debt capacity, we have increased our full year share repurchaseforecast to a range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, up from our previous rangeof $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion. Our third quarter return on invested capital of 19% washigher than last year by 40 basis points, as lower working capital for the basebusinesses and a lower tax rate more than offset the negative effect ofacquisitions. Finally, on the acquisition front, we acquired 18 companiesin the third quarter, which have annual revenues of $218 million. Based on acontinued strong pipeline of potential deals, we are forecasting acquisitionsfor ’07 to be in the range of $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion of annualizedrevenues. Now John will finish our review of the quarter with adiscussion of the manufacturing side.
John Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. Let me take just a very few moments toreference some data that underlies what David referred to earlier in the callregarding strong international activity and weaker North American end markets. The latest data out of Europe supports a relatively stronggrowth environment there. EuroZone’s industrial production grew 4% in August’07 versus 2.3% in May of ’07 and the EuroZone purchasing managers index was ata reasonably strong 53.2% in September versus 55.6% in June. On the North American side, the data continues to indicateweaker fundamentals. Industrial production excluding technology continues toperform at less than robust rates. U.S. industrial production was 0.7% inSeptember of ’07 versus 0.6% in June, and supporting our slower growth in theNorth America piece is the ISM index dropped to 52% in September ’07 versus 56%in June of ’07. With that as a backdrop, let’s review our four manufacturingsegments. Starting with North America and Engineered Products, revenuesincreased 2.4% and operating income declined 3.2%. Operating margins of 16.6%were 100 basis points lower than the year-ago period, largely as a result ofour construction related businesses. Looking at segment results, a 2.4% increase on the top lineconsisted of the following: minus 1.7% for base revenues; plus 4.5% fromacquisitions; minus 0.8% from divestitures; and plus 0.4% from translation. Moving to the next slide, the notable improvement in thissegment was the performance of our automotive units in the quarter. Ourautomotive base revenues grew 2% in the quarter, driven by a Detroit 3 buildenvironment. Detroit 3 builds were plus one in the quarter, having been atminus 6 in Q2 andminus 12 in Q1.For Q3, the specific Detroit 3 builds were GM, down 3; Ford, plus 2; andChrysler at plus 11. New domestic builds grew 8% in the quarter. From an inventory standpoint, Detroit 3 inventories alsomodestly improved in the quarter. At September 30, Detroit 3 inventories wereat 70 days on hand versus 76 days at June 30 and specifically, GM was at 66days, Ford at 76 days, Chrysler at 71 days. New domestic inventories also continued to improve, with 49days on hand at September 30th versus 53 days at June 30th. In our industrial products category businesses, baserevenues declined 1%. That’s similar to what these businesses produced in thefirst and second quarter of this year. Key business unit performance in Q3included industrial plastics, down 8%, largely due to weaker demand forappliance and electronics sector. On the plus side, performance polymers grew5% and Minigrip/ZipPak increased 2%. Fluid products base revenues were flat inthe quarter. Our construction businesses, especially those in the newhousing sector, continue to experience difficult end market conditions in thequarter. Total construction base revenues declined 5% in the quarter versus abase revenue decrease of 5% in Q2 and a decline of 10% in Q1. Specifically,base revenues for ITW Construction, which is made up of our tool and fastenerand truss units, were down 8% in the quarter versus a decline of 9% in Q2 and adecrease of 12% in Q1. By channel, our Q3 new housing base revenues declined 19%,which was modestly better than the seasonally adjusted housing rate decrease of24% in Q3. And as you may have read this morning, the near-term housingprospects don’t look promising. Today, NHAP data indicates that throughSeptember, housing starts were at 1.191 million annual units, a 14-year low. Our performance in other construction categories was betterbut still not robust. For Q3, our renovation businesses were down 3%, largelydue to irregular order patterns from the big box stores, such as Home Depot.Our commercial construction businesses, however, grew base revenues 4% in thequarter, mainly as a result of contributions from our trust businesses. In our Wilsonart business, base revenues declined only 1% inthe quarter, primarily because revenues associated with base laminate productswere slightly up in the quarter thanks to better pricing or high-end, highdefinition laminate products. Flooring revenues declined modestly in Q3. On the international side, international products in thethird quarter, segment revenues increased 32.5% and operating income grew28.3%. Operating margins of 14.7% were 50 basis points lower than the year-agoperiod due to the diluted impact of acquisitions. Taking a closer look at the top line, the 32.5% increase inrevenues consisted of the following components: plus 6.7% from base; plus 16.9%from acquisitions; minus 0.2% from divestitures; and plus 9.2% fromtranslation. What’s going on in the end markets essentially is that this[inaudible] economies are producing across-the-board base revenue growth in allbusiness categories. Notably, total construction base revenues increased 8% inQ3. By geography, Q3 base revenues were as follows: European construction grew9%; Asia-Pacific increased 6%; and Wilsonart International grew 9%. Europe was aided by demand for commercial constructionproducts for a variety of countries, including Germany and Sweden. Asia-Pacificbenefited from strong performance from a variety of Australian and New Zealandbusiness units, and Wilsonart International was largely driven by contributionsfrom its German and Chinese business units. On the automotive side, automotive base revenues increased9% in Q3 on the heels of a 7.5% increase in light vehicle production in Europein the quarter. That’s the second consecutive quarter that automotive baserevenues have improved, moving up from plus 1 in Q1 to plus 5 in Q2. Key builds in Q3 included thefollowing: BMW, up 16%; VW Group, up 8%; Ford Group, up 7%; PSA Group, up 6%;GM Group, up 2%; and Renault actually was down 4%. The remaining part of this segment is made of our industrialbase units. These units in aggregate generated base revenues of 3% in thequarter. By business group, key Q3 base revenues were as follows: Polymers,plus 8%; Fluid products, plus 9%; and industrial plastics, minus 1%. Moving to the next slide and the North American specialtysystems segment for the third quarter, segment revenues increased 10.5% andoperating income increased 7.3%. Operating margins of 19.4% were 60 basispoints lower than the year-ago period due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. Focusing on the top line, the 10.5% growth in revenuesconsisted of the following: plus 1.9% from base revenues; plus 9.8% fromacquisitions; minus 1.5% from divestitures; and plus 0.4% from translation. This industrial production driven segment saw our baserevenues grow approximately 2% in Q3, which exceeded U.S. industrial productiongrowth rate for the quarter by more than a point. The major base revenue contributors included food equipment,which increased 9% in Q3. Food equipment continues to benefit from a stronginstitutional as well as casual dining demand for its products and follow-upservices. Year-to-date, food equipment base revenues have grown at a rate of[6.2%]. Welding’s base revenues increased 7% in Q3, even with somevery difficult comparisons from a year ago and some sluggishness in industrialend markets. Welding’s year-to-date base revenues have grown at a rate of5%-plus. Weakness in the segment continues to be centered around theSignode Industrial Packaging business, which declined 6% in Q3. Much of thatdecrease relates to weaker demand for packaging applications and theconstruction related categories, as well as primary metals. Moving to our final segment, international specialtysystems, for the third quarter, revenues increased 26.3% and operating incomegrew 25.3%. Operating margins of 14.4% were 10 basis points lower than theyear-ago period due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. Again, looking at the top line, the 26.3% growth in revenueconsisted of the following components: plus 3.6% for base revenues; plus 18%from acquisitions; minus 3% from divestitures; and 7.6% from translations. Similar to our international product segment, internationalspecialty systems benefited from notable demand across a broad set of endmarkets. As noted earlier, the segment’s base revenues grew approximately 4% inthe quarter. Food equipment increased its base revenues an impressive 14%in Q3, with big gains coming from Hobart branded products in countries such asGermany, the U.K., and France. Welding’s base revenues were up 6% in Q3 with growth comingfrom both China and Europe, including Scandinavia. Finishing’s base revenues were up 7% in the quarter, largelydriven by demand for Gema based powder coating products in Europe and Asia. Signode Europe and Signode Asia’s base revenues were bothflat in Q3. Let me turn the call back over to Ron who will address the2007 forecast and --
Ron Kropp: Thank you, John. We are forecasting fourth quarter 2007diluted income per share to be within the range of $0.86 to $0.90 per share.The low end of this range assumes a 2.1% growth in base business revenues andthe high end of the range assumes a 4.1% growth in base revenues. The midpointof this earnings per share range of $0.88 would be 14% higher than last year. For full year ’07, our forecasted earnings range of $3.36 to$3.40 per share. The full year base business revenue growth is expected to bein the range of 1.9% to 2.5%. The midpoint of this earnings range of $3.38would be 12% higher than 2006. The assumptions included in this forecast are exchange ratesholding at current levels, acquired revenues in the range of $1.0 billion to$1.2 billion, share repurchases of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, restructuringcosts of $35 million to $40 million, no further impairment of good will orintangibles, non-operating income, which now includes investment income, in therange of $90 million to $100 million for the year, which is lower than 2006 by$10 million to $20 million. As a reminder, included in non-operating income for 2007 arenon-recurring gains on the sale of businesses of $36 million in the first halfof this year. And finally, a tax rate of 29.25% for the fourth quarter andfull year.  I will now turn itback over to John.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We will now open the call to your questions.Please remember that we ask for one question and one follow-up.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first call comes from Steven [Boltman].Please state your company name.
Steven Boltman - J.P.Morgan: A question on the base revenue growth. I’ve never been firstbefore. It’s kind of a shock. But looking at the way the quarter ran, it lookedlike things kind of slowed down for you in September and I guess came in alittle bit lighter than we had thought at the beginning of the quarter. Can youjust comment on sort of how things went through the quarter? And the implication I guess is that we’ll get somereacceleration into the fourth quarter and your comfort level with that andkind of the build-up to that.
David Speer: Let me answer that question first. I would say that what wesaw clearly in the first two months of the quarter was in line with what ourearlier guidance was. We saw a noticeable slowing in North America in theSeptember numbers, no question, and it was really I think a couple -- Johnnoted earlier, the auto numbers were actually slightly positive to our originalprojections but the housing numbers were significantly below and the housingnumbers obviously slipped, probably began slipping in actually the Augustnumbers, so clearly a weak market in housing. The general industrial market, as we I think pointed out inour second quarter call, we continue to see slowing there and as you’ve seenthe various indices bounce around, we are at very modest levels of growth nowin industrial production and we clearly have seen that across our businesses.So certainly September was weaker. I think in regard to your comment or question about the fourthquarter, we certainly have largely easier comparables in a number of keymarkets but with that noted, the housing numbers the way they are, the easiercomparables we had originally thought we had finished in the fourth quarterdon’t look as easy now because actually, the projections for the fourth quarterare probably going to be somewhat below what we actually finished the fourthquarter at last year. I would say the summary for the fourth quarter is, however,largely somewhat easier comparables.
Steven Boltman - J.P.Morgan: So it looks like if we back into September, it was less than1% core growth and yet we’re looking for something around 3 in the fourth quarter, and I shouldattribute that mostly to just easier comps?
John Brooklier: Yes, but also remember that September was essentially flat for-- for the company. The month itself, we had one less day in North America, sothat skews the numbers a little bit more negatively than you would necessarilyon a go-forward basis.
Steven Boltman - J.P.Morgan: And as we look forward then, can you just talk a little bitabout what you are doing to size your businesses, I guess especially thehousing related businesses, appropriately for the new reality here? I’massuming we’ll get some margin expansion next year, just the roll off of someof the acquisitions from last year and so forth, but in the core businesses, Iassume you are doing some things to kind of boost the margin going forward hereas well. Can you touch on that?
David Speer: I think you’ve probably already seen the impact of some ofthat, as you saw in the quarter, our margins in our base businesses actuallyimproved over the year-ago period. We’ve been right-sizing, if you will, thesebusinesses, particularly in the residential construction oriented businesses,beginning actually at the fourth quarter of last year, so we have been tryingto factor in now our plans for ’08 based on what we think will clearly be alower level of activity than we thought 90 days ago. But largely, I would say that the sizing of these businesseshas been done already, significantly so I wouldn’t expect much additionalreflection of that, although there is probably some additional incrementalperformance we’ll see as we get the full impact of some of the right-sizingthat occurred during the third quarter.
Steven Boltman - J.P.Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert [Lagava]. Please stateyour company name.
Robert Lagava: Good afternoon. I just want to follow up on the space issue.I mean, if we look at the overall, the total company, not just North America, Imean the base sales comp is similar in the fourth quarter versus the third. Iunderstand North America but you also have the international growth that isgoing to be facing significantly tougher comps, particularly on the specialtysystem side. How should we think about that end of the business? I understandNorth America but how should we think about the international business? And I guess to take this one step further, what is yourpreliminary view relative to 2008 versus what you are seeing in the marketright now?
David Speer: Well, 2008 is probably a little bit premature for us tocomment on overall. I mean certainly, some of the markets we are seeing trendsthat we wouldn’t expect to reverse themselves. Housing is an example. I thinkclearly as we look at housing for next year, we are probably talking about amarket that is going to be in the 1.2 to 1.3 range. You know, 45 days ago Iwould have probably said 1.3 to 1.4. The auto market here probably modestly up, flat to modestlyup, but frankly in a lot of these end markets, it is probably too early for usto get a read. We’ll be going through our 2008 planning process here in thenext 30 to 45 days. We’ll have a better read then but those are probably theonly two notables. In terms of the fourth quarter, Rob, I would say thedifferences that we pretty well highlighted in North America, we’re expectingmodestly better numbers in North America, primarily easier comps, so NorthAmerican growth in the 2% to 2.5% range and international growth in the 4% to4.5% range, so lower than what we’ve seen in the first two quarters --actually, the first three quarters internationally, as we see clearly someslowing. It’s still nice growth rates but slowing from the earlier part of theyear where we had 8%-plus in the first half of the year, particularly inEurope.
Robert Lagava: I guess the follow-on to that is just from a marginperspective, I know earlier in the year, a quarter or two ago, you hadmentioned that pricing in the international businesses, you were trying to passthrough because of -- you were trying to catch up with the cost increases. Imean, where does that stand and how should we think about the margins movinginto the fourth quarter? You mentioned the acquisition impact this quarterbeing 150 basis points. Is it going to be a similar impact as what you areforecasting for the fourth quarter? How should we think about the margin?
Ron Kropp: On the margin side, I would expect that the margin would bein that 16% to 17% range that we’ve been at. And we will still see the marginimpact of acquisitions. However, we have been encouraged by what we’ve seenthis quarter. If you remember last quarter, we had a negative price cost effecton margins of about 60 basis points. A lot of that was on the internationalside of things where we had cost increases and hadn’t fully recovered those. What we saw this quarter is basically price cost was flat.International, much better than they were last quarter. We put some priceincreases in place. We’ve also seen some raw material costs going down. Forinstance, steel, especially stainless steel, has gone down significantly in thelast three months. Overall from a margin standpoint, we don’t see much impacton price cost. We will however continue to see some impact of acquisition butalso, as the acquisitions become part of base, you know, remember we had a bigchunk of acquisitions in the fourth quarter of last year that will partiallycome into base in the fourth quarter. And as we [improve a little bit], we willsee pick up in margins from recently acquired businesses.
Robert Lagava: If I could just sneak one more in, just on the acquisitionfront; you raised the range, but you raised only the bottom end by about $100million. The top end is the same at $1.2 billion. What’s the pipeline looklike? Is that just a conservative estimate? What are you seeing out there justin terms of multiples, especially in light of the credit crunch?
David Speer: It is always difficult to predict the closing dates ofacquisitions. The pipeline remains robust. We are happy. We haven’t seen anynotable change in the size of the pipeline. As we’ve said in the past, ourpipeline has about four to five months of visibility. We’ve closed $837 millionduring three quarters. Clearly the pipeline could yield more than what we havein those numbers but the range I think is based on what we think is likely toclose during the next three months. Things do slip. Last year we saw a couple of deals slip intothe beginning of this year, so it is very difficult to peg an exact numberthere but I think the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion suggests that thequarter activity will be somewhere in the $200 million to $350 million range interms of acquired revenues, and I think that is very realistic.
Robert Lagava: And then just the credit turmoil impact from the multiplesthat you are turning out there?
John Brooklier: That’s four questions, Bob.
Robert Lagava: It was all part of one.
David Speer: I think it is too early for us to have seen any significantchange in the pricing of acquisitions as a result of the private equity creditcrunch. But we are certainly seeing at least early indications that that’slikely to play out. I suspect we are going to see that impact maybe last thisquarter but certainly early in the first quarter of next year, I think we’llhave a better read on that.
Robert Lagava: Terrific. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with Goldman Sachs.Sir, your line is open.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: Thank you. Good afternoon. I would like to drill down, if wecould, on the North American construction businesses and David, if you couldwalk us through new housing, renovation, commercial. And we’ve got the datapoints as to how it compared versus second quarter, but just qualitatively,what you are seeing in your businesses, maybe even sequentially through thequarter, but buying behavior, sentiment, and so forth. So start with newhousing, down 19. That’s what we saw in the second quarter but certainly itworsened in September.
David Speer: Correct. I think if you look at the new housing market,probably 60 days ago we thought we were going to see the bottom of that in the1.3 to 1.4 range. That clearly hasn’t happened. I think it has trended furtherdownward. At the risk of sounding like I understand where the bottomis, you know, 1.2 would sound close but 1.2 wasn’t in our thoughts 30 days ago. The market clearly as a result of the steps down, we’ve seenit clearly in the marketplace. I’m not surprised by the numbers that came outbecause we saw it clearly from probably early August on, some prettysignificant push-back. Clearly the sub-prime issues that hit the market fullfold. We’ve not seen any change, although it’s still early, since the rate dropbut certainly the mood in the market is not very optimistic. If you look at anyof the national home builders that have put out data in the last month, youwould see it reflected in what they are saying as well. So it is not a very pleasant picture. It’s been a verydramatic slide very quickly. If you think that at the end of the third quarterlast year the housing market was operating at just under 1.7 million annualizedstarts, and we are now talking about just below 1.2, I mean, that’s a 40% drop.So it’s been pretty dramatic. So that market is clearly pessimistic and it has undoubtedlyaffected buying patterns as well, so hard to qualify how much of thedegradation in the buying patterns is there, but it has rippled over torenovation. There’s no question the renovation market, if you look at any ofthe major indices now, the HRI index, which we follow, has gone negative now.They are predicting for the year it is going to be negative. That’s not asurprise. Clearly a lot of the renovation market, particularly residential, isfunded by home equity lines and certainly the credit crunch in the sub-primelending areas have created some big issues there as well. I expect the renovation area is going to be an area that isgoing to be under pressure well into next year as we look at the retrenchmentthere and the costs associated with that category. And of course, we’ve seen the buying patterns impacted fromthe home centers, which are large outlets that feed that renovation and newhousing category, so you’ve got a lot of moving parts going on there and thegeneral drift is clearly downward in those markets.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: Can I interrupt just for a second? That was exactly thatlast point you made regarding renovation. Last quarter, it was up 6% but youwere clear to say that you felt there was some restocking going on.
David Speer: Correct.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: Is that just from a sequential standpoint, you’re not seeingthe benefit of restocking? Actually, in a 3% down is actually pretty favorablecompared to the severity on new housing.
David Speer: Our same-store sales numbers in the categories that we payattention to are still reasonable but the category is clearly under pressureand I would say what we saw was more buying behavior in our negative numbersthan we did in actual same-store growth, so some shrink in inventory. Thatwould suggest that some of that will get replenished at some point in time butthere is a general mood, a very cautious approach in purchasing habits so it ishard to get a read on that. I expect it is going to continue to be bouncingaround in the slightly negative to flat kind of category for us.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: That’s helpful. And then on commercial?
David Speer: Commercial construction year-to-date, the numbers on asquare footage basis on starts, or awards, if you will, are down 6%. There areonly a couple of categories that are positive. Most of the categories arenegative. The numbers that we are seeing that have been somewhat better thanthat are really related primarily to finishing buildings that were begun in2006. The early indicators of the construction, commercialsegments, at least, are beginning to show clearly a negative drift and thatwill clearly head towards 2008. If you look across the major categories thatare fairly significant, the warehousing category, which is a significantcategory in terms of awards this year, down 4.5% year-to-date; themanufacturing category is down 14.5%; education is down 6%; hospitals are down17%; so you are seeing the impact I think now in the awards or the contractcategories of what I think will bode to be a relatively difficult year next yearin non-residential construction in North America.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: But probably too premature to say how your commercialbusiness would fare in an ’08 environment with awards down?
David Speer: Yes, it’s -- we’ll have to get a better look at thesenumbers in the next 30 to 45 days. We’ll be able to tell you more when we seeyou in New York in December, but it is going to -- it will have a negativeimpact but it is hard to read at this point how much.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: And just to clarify, for the quarter, your commercialbusiness was up 4%?
David Speer: That’s correct.
John Brooklier: Steve, that’s primarily because of our truss businesses. Idon’t think that’s necessarily predictive of what we might see in Q4. Theyactually had a very strong September.
Deane Dray - GoldmanSachs: Thank you.
Operator: Andy Casey with Wachovia, you may ask your question.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Good afternoon, everybody. Just back quickly on one of thequestions Deane had on renovation. If I recall, David, in the fourth quarterand part of the first quarter last -- earlier this year and last year, therewas a significantly destocking from the channel. Are you saying the bouncearound flat to maybe negative is a year to year comp or is that a sequentialstatement?
David Speer: You’re talking about for the fourth quarter this year?
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Yes, fourth quarter this year versus fourth quarter lastyear.
David Speer: It’s a sequential statement and it’s really based on -- I’mnot predicting what they are going to do with destocking. What I am saying isthat the activity levels that we see in the categories that they serve, whichare primarily renovation, number one, and then new housing, number two, is thatwe should be flat to maybe down slightly. If there is a significant destockingthat occurs on top of that, it would be obviously a larger negative number. What we saw last year was a very significant destocking thatoccurred in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. We saw somesignificant restocking that occurred during the second quarter of this year. Sowe knew that the activity levels we were seeing in the first quarter last yearweren’t reflective of the purchases but at the end of the day, it caught up inthe second quarter as the stores began to get more fully stocked.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: And the last question; the industrial packaging performancein North America took a step down I think sequentially, negative 3 last quarterto negative 6 this quarter. Can you comment on the sub-segments in there? Wasit again lumber and brick and block that was causing the down-tick?
David Speer: It was two categories. It’s the primary metals category,which is steel and aluminum, and as you’d expect with the continued downturnleveling in the auto business, they are a huge consumer of steel, as is theappliances right goods area. So the steel market collectively here in NorthAmerica is down. And the second category is clearly the building materialrelated categories -- lumber, brick, block, et cetera. Those are the twolargest categories in our Signode businesses. Collectively, those twocategories represent about 45% of the business. We’ve also seen that decline occur in the equipmentbusinesses where we are not seeing any significant capacity expansions, and sowhat we are seeing now is really only replacement sales and that’s had animpact on the equipment side as well. And that would impact in our generalindustrial markets even more so than the commercial or construction relatedmarkets.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Thank you.
Operator: Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research, you may ask yourquestion.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Good afternoon. A question on the international specialtysystems business with the base revenue growth having contracted by about halfof where it was in the second quarter and industrial packaging went to flat.And you guys have said in the past, at least with domestic industrialpackaging, that that’s -- you often use that as a leading indicator for trendsin the region. I wonder if that dynamic is true internationally, if this ispointing to some kind of slower activity in the international markets in theforeseeable future.
David Speer: I would say in Europe, it certainly would be at least some noteof caution in terms of what we saw. Some of it was related to price actions. AsRon noted in his comments earlier, we saw some decrease in some steel pricingthat did impact pricing, so the unit volume activity wasn’t impacted asnegatively as the dollar volume or Euro volume, if you will. However, we have seen some slowing in some of those Europeanmarkets as is reflected in some of the other numbers. I think in Asia it wasmore a question of timing -- timing as it related to a couple of major units inour welding business that deal with people that use a lot of stainless steelwho in fact were anticipating and waiting for the major drop or decrease insteel prices before they increased their activity levels. I think if you factor that out, Asia I still think is areasonably good growth story in those categories. I think in the Signode orindustrial packaging categories, it really is reflective I think more of theEuropean slowing in demand and some price adjustments.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Given that there’s price adjustment in this quarter and Asiahas some one-time dynamics, it sounds like it would be reasonable to forecastthat that core sales of specialty systems international ought to be better inthe fourth than we are seeing here in the third? Is that a pretty reasonableassumption?
John Brooklier: Are you talking about for the entire segment, Mark?
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Yes, that’s right, John.
David Speer: Yes, I think that for the entire segment, that’s reasonable.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - MerrillLynch: Thank you. First I wanted to just ask about thenon-operating other income. It obviously benefited you by a couple of penniesversus what you thought last quarter. Was there something obvious that was inthere? Was there some sort of gain or real estate transaction or something? Whydid it not move around next quarter?
Ron Kropp: The difference between what we originally forecast there andwhat we ended up with was about $0.015 in the quarter. And the biggest piece ofthat was some mark-to-market adjustments on some of our venture capitalinvestments. Also, we sold some idle properties for a little bit of a gain aswell. So nothing that was of a recurring nature that we can expect to changewhat our forecast is for the fourth quarter.
John Inch - MerrillLynch: Just to be clear, Ron, when you say mark-to-market, that’ssomething that you weren’t aware of heading into the quarter or that you wererequired to do as a function of some other external event? Just what’s thedynamic there again and why couldn’t that happen in the fourth quarter?
Ron Kropp: It could, I guess, but we don’t forecast mark-to-marketadjustments in our venture capital fund because those go up and down with themarket, obviously. So that is our one investment in this portfolio that is tiedto the market and typically we haven’t forecasted any gains in that segment. For the year overall, non-operating income is up a littlebit because we’ve been fortunate enough to have some mark-to-market gains onthat fund, but sometimes that can turn around on you.
John Inch - MerrillLynch: No, I understand. There’s a lot of moving parts with all ofthese sub-segments and so forth. I mean, it’s pretty clear that manufacturingin North America has begun, not unexpectedly, to soften. Can you just puteverything together in terms of Europe? I know you have touched on all thesedifferent businesses but has Europe in the quarter,David, has it begun to get worse? And as you look at your outlook and the guidance, are youexpecting that trend to continue or -- because it seems a little bit moremixed, if you will, versus North America. North America is clearly deceleratingbut what is going on in Europe? Because I know you’ve got some pockets ofstrength and weakness, but if you could give us an overall view, that would behelpful.
David Speer: I think my overall view in Europe, John, is the numbers youare seeing now are really more reflective of slower growth based on toughercomparables. I mean, we had very strong growth in Europe the second half oflast year and the first half of this year. The growth levels, or the rates, ifyou will, of activity remain good. But clearly we saw 8% growth in ourbusinesses the second half of last year. We saw the same growth rates in thefirst half of this year, so I think these are in line with what we wereexpecting as we prepared our plans. So not wildly out of sync. Some areas, the general industrial areas in Europe clearlyhave trended to slower levels. Again, not so unexpectedly. I don’t think Iwould say at this moment that there’s been any big surprises in terms of whatwe’ve seen in Europe. I think it’s pretty much been inline with what we’d expected but certainly the growth scenario in Europe is a slower growth scenario than whatwe’ve seen for the last four quarters and that’s exactly what I would expect aswe head into 2008, that we are going to see albeit positive growth and byEuropean standards, strong growth, but compared to the kind of growth rateswe’ve seen the last four to five quarters, it will be more modest.
John Inch - MerrillLynch: One more question; if you were to -- as we sort of think of thetouch points of what’s changed this quarter, clearly housing has gotten a lotworse, there’s some manufacturing deceleration, you just talked about Europe --I mean, as you are thinking about managing ITW and the prospects of what couldturn out to be a significant U.S. recession, are you in the process of planningfor that sort of a risk? And what does the company do? Do you have plans inplace to begin to right-size businesses quickly or do you think 80-20 takescare of it? Or maybe just a little bit of your own thought process, as clearlythings have gotten worse here versus where your expectations were fairlyrecently.
David Speer: I think first of all, I don’t think we’re headed towards asignificant recession. I think we clearly are at a level in the economy herethat is a broader pause than what many were predicting, certainly in theindustrial cycle. We are still seeing modest positive numbers but certainly notanything that is significant measurable, so I think we are -- it is likely whatwe are in is a pause now. The question is for how long and how it impactscertain end markets and segments remain to be seen. In terms of right-sizing the businesses, in ourdecentralized environment, that is a constant process for us and we areconstantly paying attention to that. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments,we’ve been right-sizing in particular our construction and automotivebusinesses for the last four to five quarters. So our response as we see things slow is a measured responsethat says what do we think the activity levels are going to look like over thenext several quarters, not over the next several months. And we are pretty goodat moving as we sense those activity levels. On the other hand, there is clearly a point of view thatsays that we want to keep these things sized properly but also properly to thepoint where if in fact this is a pause, that we are not cutting ourselves tothe point where we are not able to respond in any reasonable up-turn. I think we are in a flat spot in the U.S. industrial economyand my guess is we are going to be in that flat spot for a number of quartersto come. But I certainly don’t view it as a recession.
John Inch - MerrillLynch: Thanks much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: Thank you. I just wonder if we can dig a little bit moreinto what’s behind on the welding markets and the food equipment markets. Canyou talk a little -- new products, pricing, volumes and which particular endmarkets are really strong?
David Speer: If you look at our food equipment businesses here in North America, we’ve done well in the casual dining segment, we’ve donewell in the institutional segments. Those are our two primary focuses. We havehad a number of new product introductions in several of our key businesses,which have clearly helped. In general, I would say that we are beginning now toidentify what we could call a trend, which is we are creating some reasonablegrowth opportunities in these markets. This is the second year in a row thatwe’ve been able to do that, after four or five years of sizing and focusing onwhere we really thought we could grow with these businesses, so I think it isencouraging to us in that regard. And we’ve seen solid margin improvements in those businessesalong the way, so I think we are clearly now in a position where we have Ithink targeted where we think we can grow and our innovation initiatives arebeginning to pay off in that regard as well. I think the service business continues to be a major area ofgrowth for us in our food equipment area. We’ve done well and continue toexpand that organization and focus on the after sale of service of therestaurant equipment, so that’s been a growing area for us. We’ve done very well internationally. We’re up in thequarter 14% and very strong in both Europe and more recently in the Asianregion. I think it’s more of the same there as well. We’ve had a number ofyears of getting these businesses refocused, re-segmented and in many casesreorganized, and now we are beginning to see the benefit of that and somereasonable growth prospects in front of us as a result.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: Okay, and the same on welding?
David Speer: On the welding side, clearly here in North America, thegeneral industrial markets have slowed but the markets that are impacted bysome higher end growth opportunities, like the energy infrastructure marketsstill go quite well. Our large equipment category has done very well. Internationally, the Asian growth story is largely focusedaround what we are doing in China and our China business is focused largely onthe energy infrastructure and ship building. We’ve done well in our European businesses as well. We’veparticipated well and gained some penetration there, and a nice blend of newproducts and some new segment focus has helped us in those businesses as well.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: And just quick, for Ron, is the lower tax rate, is that justthe mix in the quarter?
Ron Kropp: Yes, as we’ve had higher revenues overseas, we’ve seen somelower tax rate overseas and more of a shift in places like China, which havenaturally lower tax rates.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer with MorganStanley.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys. Just a quick follow-up -- I hope I’m notbeating a dead horse here but on the renovation side, should I understand thatthe sell-through at the Home Depots is still pretty solid and it seems likethat’s been the case and it’s surprisingly been the case. And then on the commercial construction side, I understandsome of the macro indicators have been weak, or the macro forecasting, but areyou hearing the same things from the field in terms of seeing some of themanufacturing down, the healthcare, the education down? Or is it more just themacro you are going on?
David Speer: Let me comment on the renovation category first. There has,for a long period of time, been a disconnect between the purchasing patternsfrom the big boxes and the actual sell-through activity, so that’s not new. Itgets I think fairly dramatic in these period of uncertainty in some cases ofcontraction where the buying patterns and inventory levels are altered butaren’t necessarily reflective of individual category sales. We have generally seen, on the same-store sale growth,numbers that are still reasonably positive for our categories overall, or forour products overall. They get exacerbated when they get caught up in inventoryreduction or destocking programs. So it’s hard to create a directionconnection. With all that said, there is no question that the marketthat they serve, the markets that they serve, primarily renovation andresidential construction, are down and so you can expect to see overallactivity levels out of those outlets down as well. But the dramatic swings upand down are exacerbated by what they do at their inventories and theirpurchasing decisions along the way.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Thanks. I guess I understand that it should turn down. Fromwhat I understand, it has not yet turned down on a sell-through basis.
David Speer: That’s correct. It’s still been reasonably good.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then on commercial construction, are you hearingfrom the field the same thing that you are seeing in the construction starts?
David Speer: Oh, yeah, we are definitely seeing that in the bid activity,clearly. You know, it is also geographically dependent. I mean, you are stillseeing strong growth in some markets, but you are seeing the growth largelybased on build-out. The bid activity is clearly down and it’s down, depending onthe categories, fairly significantly and these are contracts awarded, so giventhat these projects are generally 18 to 24 months duration, if the contractsaren’t awarded you can kind of see thevoid, if you will, coming in the coming months. I think these numbers are real. I mean, the [dodge] numbersyear-to-date are down 6% in terms of square footage that have been awarded thisyear, so it’s clearly having an impact going forward, no question.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Robert W.Baird.
Robert McCarthy -Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys. Mostly asked and answered -- restructuringexpenses forecast for the year, $35 million to $40 million. It has been 35 to50 all year long. It’s not unusual for you guys to true-up the estimate at the endof the year but my question goes to organic growth prospects having beendisappointing really so far and prospectively for the fourth quarter. You got alot of questions earlier about right-sizing construction businesses, et cetera.Why don’t we see that translate into the restructuring expense numbers? Or doesit mean that we are likely to see that number increase next year?
David Speer: Let me answer it from my perspective, Rob, and Ron maybe canadd some flavor to it. First of all, I think the right-sizing that we’ve beendoing, we’ve been doing all along with those units that have been impacted thegreatest by the significant declines -- what we’ve seen clearly in theresidential markets here would be the most notable. As a result of that activity, I wouldn’t expect to see anysignificant change in the fourth quarter activity. So as you correctly pointout, we try to true those numbers up as we head towards the end of the year. As we look at next year and we look at the budget process,we’ll come up with a range for restructuring next year. I expect the range forrestructuring next year to be somewhat larger but not necessarily based onright-sizing base businesses. It is really more a reflection of what we do withthese businesses that we acquire. So it is probably more reflective of the majorrestructurings that will occur in recently acquired businesses than necessarilythose that have been with us for a while. They usually come at a more measuredrate.
Robert McCarthy -Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you and I would just like to follow-up -- Ithink it was Mark’s question earlier, I’m not sure, but regarding industrialpackaging internationally, more specifically Asia. You talked about Europe andhow we might understand what is happening there but in Asia specifically, givenwhat is going on in terms of GEP growth or industrial production growth orwhatever you like, why no growth for you? Is it a heavy Australian exposure orwhat?
David Speer: Well, I would say it’s a couple of things. One is yes, we dohave a heavy Australian exposure but more importantly, we are just in theprocess of opening two new facilities in China in our industrial packaginggroup, one around plastic and one around steel strapping. So we are not fullyparticipating yet in the growth there, so that is really going to be a 2008story for us. We have seen some adjustments in pricing there, like we didin Europe as well, which has impacted the revenue comparables. But I think froma positioning standpoint, I think we are in the right spot. It’s just aquestion of timing now.
Robert McCarthy -Robert W. Baird: So there’s been some volume growth and there’s been strongervolume growth yet outside of Australia and New Zealand?
David Speer: Yes.
Robert McCarthy -Robert W. Baird: Okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten with LongbowSecurities.
Eli Lustgarten -Longbow Securities: Good afternoon. A couple of quick follow-up questions, if Imay; what is your [inaudible] in the fourth quarter, both domestically andoverseas? When you are looking at ’08 being [relatively flat to up], would yousay is that back-end loaded for improvement?
John Brooklier: Well, we know Detroit 3 in Q4 is down about, prospectively down about 4%, 4% to5% in Q4. We don’t have any estimates for ’08 at this point in time. On theinternational side --
David Speer: New domestic is up about 5% in the fourth quarter, sooverall the market will be down I think about 2%. That’s what we’re predictingfor the fourth quarter.
John Brooklier: And on the international side, we would expect sales in thefourth quarter to be 2% up, up 2 to 3, kind of come off a very robust Q2 andQ3.
Eli Lustgarten -Longbow Securities: Can you talk a little bit -- the other income number, $9 millionis what the fourth quarter is suggesting, that’s what the guidance was. You hadgains from divestitures in the first half of the year. Is there anythingplanned the second half of the year or ’08 and is the run-rate still in the $35million range for that other income number?
Ron Kropp: The fourth quarter is about where we would thought it wouldbe at the beginning of the year. There are no unusual items planned for that,whether it’s in our investment portfolio or any potential significant divestitures.Also, we don’t see any for ’08 as well. From a run-rate perspective, there’s different parts ofthis. The biggest part has been the investment income from our [inaudible]investment segment. That will be in the neighborhood of $40 million to $50 millionthis year and the run-rate on that is probably more like a 25 to 30 goingforward.
Eli Lustgarten -Longbow Securities: So 25 to 30 is the kind of number we should be thinking forthat group next year and there will probably be some -- there is alwayssomething that will happen, I realize that.
Ron Kropp: And the rest of non-operating income is a lot of -- thingslike interest income and translation and those kinds of things. Those are hardto predict, which way they go year on year.
Eli Lustgarten -Longbow Securities: And the tax rate stays flat for next year with this year?
Ron Kropp: We’re not in a position now to talk about next year’s taxrate.
Eli Lustgarten -Longbow Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - CreditSuisse: Good morning. Most of my questions have been asked. Just Iguess one bigger picture question; as you guys look at your longer term goals,you had given organic 5% to 6% growth rate. I mean, in the face of a slowingNorth America, moderating Europe, do you guys feel like you need to do anythingdramatically to change your mix of business in order to achieve those goals?Focus more on energy infrastructure and if so, how do you get there?
David Speer: Well, I’d say Jamie, first of all, the 5% to 6% obviously isa long range growth goal, so it is not next year. The good news that comes outof these terrible comparables this year is that there will be easiercomparables next year. But frankly, no, we focus as you know, through a lot ofwhat we are doing at our base businesses is already directing them towardstheir finding their way towards some of the higher growth end markets that theyalready participate in. And certainly our acquisitions have been focused more,but I wouldn’t say that we are looking exclusively at any one particular endmarket segment. Certainly the energy market segment that you highlight isone that we’ve done quite well in with our welding businesses and there maywell be other businesses in the future that will be focused or centered aroundthat. But we clearly are looking at organic growth at higherlevels and we’ve got a number of measures we put in place to help us get there.But clearly with a year like 2007 inauto and residential housing here in the U.S., those are the kind of yearswhere you have to take a step back and recognize that we are looking at thisfor the long term and fundamentally, the kinds of markets that we think willyield that growth long-term is going to be a blend of not only new end markets,but new geographic markets as we continue to diversify our portfolio.
Jamie Cook - CreditSuisse: All right, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Daniel Dowd with Bernstein, you may ask your question.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordBernstein: Good afternoon, guys. Can I actually return to theacquisition strategy for just a minute? You know, with the decline in privateequity activity, does that change -- you know, we had talked about themultiples you might be paying, but does that change the pool of companies youmight be interested in bidding on in terms of size or anything?
David Speer: Dan, what I think what it changes potentially going forwardis that I think there will be more things that are in the private equityportfolios that will probably come out, so I think in that regard, there islikely to be more potential assets that will be available than there mightnormally have been. I think some of these portfolios, if they were to getunwound prematurely as a result of what’s happened to the credit and the costof credit in these markets for deals that they’ve already done. I think as it relates to the larger deals that we look at,which are sort of that $300 million to $700 million range, that’s clearly beenan area where the primary buyers in that category for the last several yearshas been the private equity folks. So I think we are going to see an increasein activity where they actually begin to sell some assets probably earlier thanwhat their original plans were in the portfolio. So instead of holding some of these assets perhaps four orfive years, we may see them coming out in two years. But it is really early tosay. We’ve heard a lot of things, there’s a lot of speculation, but I can’t saythat we have any hard data yet that would suggest that there is going to be adramatic -- there’s been a dramatic change downward in valuation, but all theindications would lead to that with the decrease in their leverage and theincrease in their cost of capital. It would certainly lead to valuations thatare going to be more realistic than what we’ve seen.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordBernstein: Does this have any implications for the rate at which yourpercentage of revenues that come from emerging markets is likely to change? If youassume that potentially some of these bigger acquisitions are more likely to bein developed markets, could that slow the rate of your total percentage ofrevenues that come from emerging markets?
David Speer: Actually, we have been focused, as you know, on ouracquisition program, looking now at beginning to build out in some of thesenewer markets. If you look at our acquisition activity year-to-date, 75% of theacquired revenues year-to-date have been in our international markets, sothere’s been a significant increase, if you will. It was 50%, slightly over 50%last year. I don’t know that private equity is going to have much of animpact, the change in private equity is going to have much of an impact in theAsian markets. It will likely have an impact in Europe as it has here. Wehaven’t seen that much activity in our acquisition programs in Asia fromprivate equity in the past but we clearly have in Europe, so I expect we’d seemore of it in Europe than we would necessarily in Asia. Although the presenceof private equity in any market in the past several years has had an inflationin valuation, there’s no question.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordBernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wachovia.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Hello, again. Just a quick question; are you seeing anyupward bias on resin prices because of what is going on in the petroleummarkets?
Ron Kropp: During the quarter, we saw resin come down a bit but we areexpecting that it may tick up a bit, given the oil prices recently.
David Speer: It really depends on the grades of material too, Andy. Wehave some that, as Ron points out, have gone down. We’ve had some that havegone up. In aggregate, they’ve probably been slightly up but frankly, there’sno way that $85 a barrel oil has been factored into a lot of this pricing, so Iexpect that we are going to begin to see some more pressure on resin prices inthe fourth quarter. We are already seeing early indications of that and Isuspect that’s going to play out in the fourth quarter.
Andy Casey - Wachovia: Thank you.
Operator: Robert Wertheimer with Morgan Stanley, you may ask yourquestion.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Very quickly, do you have the diluted share count period endfor the quarter?
Ron Kropp: The diluted share count period end -- without dilution, it’sabout 544. Dilution has tended to be 4.5 million to 5 million on top of that,so about 550.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Ann Duigan with Bear Stearns, your line is open.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: I guess my only question remaining is just morephilosophically, David, could you tell us why you wouldn’t consider doing amore formal accelerated share repurchase program? If I look at -- you expect tospend 7 on share repurchases and that has drifted up through the course of theyear. I’ve got to wonder why it wouldn’t have been better for shareholders ifyou had spent that $1.3 billion right up front at the beginning of the year andtaken the share count down immediately.
David Speer: Well, as we said from the outset, Ann, we provide theseranges based on what we see the growth prospects are and then we adjust as wego along. As you would know, we changed our capital structure allocation duringthe year and as we changed that and began to look at more acceleratedrepurchase of shares, we put those in place, but we’ve traditionally looked atour capital structure and our acquisition programs on a quarterly basis, andwe’ve consistently for the last two years moved those ranges upward as it madesense. None of that to us looked like an accelerated repurchaseprogram as you’ve outlined was particularly necessary. We’ve been comfortablewith the way we approached it, so by the end of the year, we’ll have repurchasedabout 1.5 billion shares. We’ve done that in basically four quarterly programsand we think its achieved our objectives. If we had done it one accelerated share repurchase programin the first quarter, it would have been a much smaller program than what wecompleted because we would not have committed to 1.5 billion at that point intime with the data that we had.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: What changed during the course of the year then? I mean, youknew you were going to significant cash and you knew you were underleveraged,so I don’t understand fully why you would not have considered 1.5 billion atthe beginning of the year.
Ron Kropp: Well, remember the key part of our capital structure in useof cash is acquisition, and that’s our preferred use of free cash. So goinginto the year, after a very strong 2006 year with $1.7 billion of acquiredrevenues, and we had an estimate of $1 billion or so, it could have been higherand it still could be higher but -- so that’s the key measurement. As we get into the year, we see how the acquisition pipelineshakes out, we see how our free cash flow works, and then we adjust as we go. I will point out as we have become more active in sharerepurchases starting about a year ago and we have met with all the differentinvestment banks that do this for a living and talked about a lot of thedifferent structure that are out there, including the accelerated repurchaseprograms. And one thing that struck us with the accelerate repurchase programsis for the most part, even when you enter into a big program up front, you arekind of exposed to the change it the stock price anyway. So it doesn’t get youtoo much at the end of the day from what you paid for the stock versus doing itas you go, versus committing to it up front and then buying it over a six- ornine-month period.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: But by our back-of-the-envelope calculation, it would havereduced your -- it would have increased your EPS by about $0.20 and theincremental cost of doing it that way would not have shown up in the P&L. So I would disagree with you that it is not of value to yourshareholders, plus --
Ron Kropp: -- that’s an accounting metric, right? I mean, theaccounting rules allow you to reduce your share count even though you don’t ownthe shares.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: Yes, so --
Ron Kropp: Economically, there’s really no difference.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: There’s no difference to your cash but there is an impact toyour EPS. Anyway, we can talk about it offline, but --
David Speer: There is for the quarter of the year you do it in, Ann, butover the long haul, the points meet. So it’s just a question of -- you know,our approach in looking at this is measured. We look at this quarterly and wehave made some significant changes in the capital structure and I think that’sreally reflective of what you see going on. We would not have been in aposition to predict or to be able to offer an accelerated share repurchaseprogram of this magnitude at the beginning of the year.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: Your debt to capital is still only 15%, so --
Ron Kropp: Let’s move on.
Ann Duigan - BearStearns: Okay, we’ll talk about it offline. Take care, guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) David Raso with Citigroup, your line is open.
David Raso -Citigroup: Thank you. A quick question on the acquired revenues, themargins; we’ve seen them drop from 9% in ’05 to 5%, a little below 5% in ’06and now we’re in the low single. There’s a couple of ways to look at it. Yourmultiples you are paying don’t seem high but obviously it appears you aregetting businesses that either A, you are buying at particularly low marginsrelative to history or you are buying businesses and maybe they’ve been alittle more of a struggle to run the first say two, three, four quarters. Can you help me understand why the margins are so low on theacquired sales? And then if you want to take the glass-half-full view of it,you could say if we could still think of these businesses as eventual ITWbusinesses, can they get to 10% over the next couple of years. I understand international businesses might be inherentlylower margin, but not low single digit.
Ron Kropp: The typical metric we use before any amortization charges,our typical acquisition is maybe between 8% to 10% margin. And afteramortization, depending on the earlier quarters of the acquisition, sometimesthey have a bigger hit. And we’ve seen some of that, especially in the firstpart of this year because we did so many acquisitions in the fourth quarter,that the first quarters after the acquisition have a bigger chunk ofamortization on things like inventory step-ups and backlog. Now that we’ve gotten to this quarter, we have seen someimprovement in that. For instance, before the effect of amortization, themargins on our businesses are around 8% to 10%. So it’s about where we expected. It’s fairly close tohistorical. There are some international businesses that are lower, lower thantypical but we see a lot of room for improvement there, and our metric ofdoubling those margins of 8% to 10% over a five-year period is still themetric.
David Raso -Citigroup: I apologize if I missed it; why is this different than twoyears ago when the acquired revenue margins were a lot higher? Can you help meunderstand?
Ron Kropp: I think part of it is timing. We didn’t have such bigquarter’s worth of acquisitions all at once like we did in the fourth quarterof last year. I think what you are seeing now is a little bit more normalizedrevenue. But also the international does play a part as well. [Multiple Speakers]
David Speer: -- acquisitions for ’06 were done in the fourth quarter oflast year, so in terms of pace, it was completely different than we probablywould have seen in say ’05, or even the impact in ’06 in acquisitions and in’05.
David Raso -Citigroup: Okay, we can talk offline. I just want to make surestructurally, we’re not looking at -- I mean, obviously the margins in thecompany are coming down as you get more international and the acquisitions havepicked up. I’m just trying to understand the pace of the margin degradation.Are we looking inherently at businesses out there that -- and you would thinkthe last couple of years had a decent economy globally. I’m not sure whatbusinesses we’re looking at where we find a low margin, but you’re saying it’snot the case -- it’s some accounting issue with the amortizations and inventorychanges on the valuation of it, but the margins themselves are literally stillkind of a traditional ITW model, 8% to 10%, five years later, get them up tomid-teens.
David Speer: That’s exactly what they are and in fact, the profile mighteven be slightly better than that with the portfolio of what we’ve done in thelast 18 months.
David Raso -Citigroup: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: I’m showing no further questions.
John Brooklier: Thanks, everybody who joined us for the call and we willtalk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining. Youmay disconnect your lines at this time.
