===== 2025 Q2  (2025-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Christian Rothe, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we turn to our second quarter results on Slide 3, I'll make a couple of initial comments. The quarter and our full year outlook reflect increased resiliency and flexibility in our business across our global operations, even as we and our customers continue to operate in an environment of heightened uncertainty. We talked about some of our actions to mitigate the impacts of announced tariffs on our last earnings call. I'm proud of how our team is executing these plans while maintaining world-class delivery and customer support. In addition to effective pricing actions, we're seeing good progress with some of our production location moves and efforts to secure alternative sourcing. Christian and I will cover these in more detail later on the call. Importantly, all these actions to add resiliency to our business model are further enhancing Rockwell's position, both from a profitability and competitive differentiation standpoint, regardless of what happens in the broader policy environment. We made significant investments in our operational resilience during the supply chain crisis, and they have been instrumental in helping us navigate through the current situation by giving us additional flexibility in our supply chain and manufacturing footprint. Turning to our second quarter results on Slide 3. Q2 marked another quarter of solid sequential improvement in customer demand across many parts of our business. We had a healthy intake of orders in the quarter with our total company book-to-bill in line with our historical norm of about 1.0. Going forward, we will share additional information on total company order performance only when our overall book-to-bill is outside of the normal range. We will still disclose book-to-bill in Lifecycle Services each quarter since lead times are longer for that business segment. While there might have been some isolated customer pre-buys ahead of tariff-related price increases in Q2, the overall value of these purchases did not have a meaningful impact on our top line. From a cost standpoint, the impact of tariffs on our Q2 results was also minimal. Our sales came in better-than-expected this quarter with organic sales up high single-digits sequentially. Reported sales were down 6% and our organic sales were down 4% versus prior year due to the difficult year-over-year comparisons we mentioned on our last earnings call. Unfavorable currency reduced sales by about 2 points. Even with customers continuing to adopt a cautious approach to their CapEx investments in this uncertain environment, we saw a number of strategic projects across a variety of industries and geographies in the quarter. In our Intelligent Devices segment, our organic sales declined 6% year-over-year, but were above our expectations with double-digit sequential growth across all key product lines. Our strong growth over prior quarter was led by our power control business, where our industry-leading motor control center lead times continue to secure important new customers and help Rockwell gain domestic share. One example of these competitive wins in the quarter was with Cape Electrical Supply Integration, a leading package power provider focused on new power generation for the data center market. Our differentiated MCC solutions are helping them secure numerous greenfield wins here in the US, our home market. Another strategic MCC win in Q2 was at Fecient Solutions Provider. This customer, an Asian panel builder, selected our Cubic modular power distribution systems for their flexibility and smaller footprint, a perfect application for an end-user greenfield plant in the food and beverage space. Our recent Clearpath acquisition continues to broaden our customer reach. OTTO brand mobile robots continue to add new logos, with a recent win at Westfalia Technologies, a leading US provider of automated warehouse solutions. Westfalia has a significant presence in food and beverage end users across North America. Rockwell’s AMRs were chosen to reduce the use of manual forklift trucks, resulting in faster throughput and reduced finished goods damage, as well as a safer operating environment for the customer’s workforce. Software and Control organic sales were up 2% year-over-year and also exceeded our expectations in the quarter. While our high-single-digit sales growth over prior quarter was driven by another quarter of recovery in Logix, we saw sequential improvement in sales across both hardware and software businesses in this segment. We are pleased to see sharply increased adoption of the FactoryTalk Design Studio, which features a GenAI copilot to accelerate the time to design and commission automation projects. One of our software wins in Q2 was with Bracco Imaging, a global leader in diagnostic imaging. The customer is using our PharmaSuite MES software to accelerate its revenue growth by improving quality control and increasing speed to market. Lifecycle Services organic sales decreased 6% year-over-year and were a bit lower than expected. Book-to-Bill in this segment was a solid 1.07 and was above 1.0 across all our solutions, services, and Sensia businesses, but the current trade and policy uncertainty has impacted some large CapEx projects across our customer base. We saw some project delays in automotive and energy, and some deferrals of more discretionary spend in digital services. These customers are seeking additional certainty about the impact tariffs will have on their cost base, and whether the volatility will impact their demand. Despite these delays, our total ARR for the company grew 8% in the quarter. Double-digit growth by Plex and Fiix software businesses led our ARR performance. Rockwell segment margin of 20.4% and adjusted EPS of $2.45 were both above our expectations and were, in large part, driven by continued execution of our cost reduction and margin expansion actions. Our team’s focus on productivity yielded another quarter of outperformance versus our target, and as we continue to look for further opportunities to expand our margins, we believe we’ll exceed our full-year target of $250 million in year-over-year structural productivity. Christian will provide some additional calendarization detail in his section. Let’s move to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q2 industry performance. Sales in our Discrete industries were up low single-digits year-over-year with growth in eCommerce and Warehouse Automation and Semiconductor more than offsetting the decline in Automotive. Consistent with our expectations, our Q2 Automotive sales continued to be challenged by the ongoing tariff and policy uncertainty. This is one of the verticals where we saw an increase in project deferrals in the quarter. Our sales in eCommerce and Warehouse Automation grew over 45% versus prior year and were significantly above our expectations. We continue to see strong performance across our key customers in North America and EMEA. Our data center business is also continuing to gain momentum, including a significant data center project with one of Asia’s largest telecom providers, delivered through our strategic collaboration with a leading full-stack data center solutions provider in the region. Given the outperformance in the first half and a solid pipeline of projects, we now expect eCommerce and Warehouse Automation to grow 45% in fiscal year ‘25. Turning to Hybrid. Sales in this industry segment were flat year-over-year, with Food and Beverage, Home and Personal Care, and Life Sciences all exceeding our expectations in the quarter. Within Food and Bev and HPC, we continue to see an improvement in our machine builder performance, especially in our North American and European markets. Similar to last quarter, the majority of customer spend in these verticals is driven by productivity and efficiency projects aimed at improving their profitability and sustainability. A good example of these customer wins in Q2 was our work with a US-based restaurant chain with plans to leverage automation to improve speed and consistency of its operations while reducing its labor intensity. Rockwell’s Independent Cart Technology was selected for its flexibility and agility to help increase throughput and improve cost savings. Our Life Sciences business also exceeded our expectations for the quarter, building on our strong presence with leading GLP-1 producers and the broader life sciences ecosystem. I already mentioned our Bracco software win in the med device segment earlier on the call. Another strategic win in this vertical was with National Resilience, an innovative contract drug manufacturer specializing in bringing accessible and affordable biologic medicines to the market. This customer is investing in our OTTO AMRs within their automated storage and retrieval system warehouse as part of their initiative to expand their lights-out warehouse and automated material movements. Moving to Process. While we were expecting to see year-over-year softness due to very difficult comparisons in our Energy business, our performance in the quarter here came in worse than expected. Within Energy, our customers continued to exercise capital discipline by choosing targeted productivity projects which help improve cost structure and boost profitability. Energy and Process broadly were another area where we saw an increase in project delays during the quarter. Despite this pause in larger capital investments, we continue to secure competitive wins in the process control space. This quarter, DPA Ingenieria, a Chilean system integrator specializing in Mining and Energy industries, selected our Logix PlantPax solution to help a leading global lithium mining company advance their ambitious expansion plans. Moving to Slide 5 and our Q2 organic regional sales. North America was our best-performing region this quarter, and we expect it to be our strongest market for the full year fiscal year ‘25. We continue to believe Rockwell is a net beneficiary of policies that drive US manufacturing, and we are investing in our own operations to improve our resiliency and agility. For instance, we’ve recently decided to expand production of our OTTO autonomous mobile robots to the US. We’ll be producing in both Kitchener, Ontario and at our Milwaukee headquarters. Let’s now turn to Slide 6 to review our fiscal 2025 outlook. As I said earlier, the impact of enacted tariffs on our Q2 results was minimal with increased cost offset by price and supply chain moves. We continue to take necessary steps to offset the impact of April 2nd tariffs through a combination of supply chain actions and pricing. We will share the actual tariff impact by quarter as we progress through the year, and Christian will provide additional detail in a few moments. We are taking a balanced approach to the outlook for the rest of the year. Our execution has been strong, and demand continues to be solid, including in April. However, second half uncertainty still remains. I group that uncertainty in three primary areas, the magnitude of pricing we’ll implement to offset any new tariffs, the impact of any advance product purchases in our flow business, and the timing of CapEx investments by our customers, especially in our Lifecycle Services and Configure-to-Order businesses. In terms of our fiscal ‘25 topline, we still expect our organic sales growth to be in the positive 2% to negative 4% range. Our reported sales midpoint now assumes 0.5 point of negative contribution from currency translation. Christian will provide more detail on FX and the calendarization of our second half shortly. I will add that we expect to return to year-over-year sales growth in Q3. Annual recurring revenue is slated to grow about 10% this year. Taking into account our margin outperformance to-date and continued strong execution, we are increasing our full year segment margin target to 20%, and we now expect our adjusted EPS to be about $9.70 at the midpoint. Importantly, we are able to expand our margins year-over-year despite higher compensation costs. Continuing benefits from the SG&A actions we took in the second half of fiscal ‘24, along with the team’s focus on additional structural COGS productivity in fiscal ‘25, enable the investment in our people and new technology even as we expand margins. We continue to follow a prudent approach to hiring, prioritizing roles that drive new product introduction and revenue growth. We expect free cash flow conversion of 100% in fiscal year ‘25. I’ll now turn it over to Christian to give more detail on our Q2 and financial outlook for fiscal ‘25. Christian?
Christian Rothe: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 7, second quarter key financial information. Second quarter reported sales were down 6% versus prior year. Currency had a negative impact of 2 points in the quarter, and organic sales declined 4%. Segment operating margin of 20.4%, compared to 19% a year ago, was above our expectations and reflective of our strong execution across the company. About 3 points of our organic growth came from price and price/cost was favorable. Benefits from cost reduction and margin expansion actions and positive price/cost more than offset higher compensation and lower sales volume. Adjusted EPS of $2.45 was above our expectations, primarily due to the beat on segment operating margin. This was another robust performance in execution and cost control, through both structural and temporary costs. The adjusted effective tax rate for the second quarter was 17.7%, above the prior year rate of 14.8%, primarily due to lower discrete tax benefits partially offset by favorable geographic mix of pre-tax income. We remain on track to achieve a 17% ETR for fiscal 2025. Free cash flow of $171 million was $102 million higher than the prior year. Free cash flow conversion was 61% in the second quarter, with accounts receivable being a use of cash during the quarter due to higher shipments and the timing of those shipments. As a reminder, Q2 is typically a lower cash conversion quarter due to TCJA catch-up payments. Not shown on the slide, return on invested capital was 14.2% for the 12 months ended March 31 and 380 basis points lower than the prior year, primarily driven by lower pre-tax net income, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. Slide 8 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. As Blake mentioned, sales in Intelligent Devices and Software and Control exceeded expectations. Intelligent Devices margin of 17.7% increased by 120 basis points year-over-year. Despite the high- single-digit volume decline and higher compensation compared to last year, our cost reduction and margin expansion actions allowed us to keep segment operating earnings flat and drove margins higher. Price/cost and mix were also favorable to margin. Software and Control margin of 30.1% was up 440 basis points versus prior year even though sales were flat year-over-year. Higher margin was driven by cost reduction and margin expansion actions and positive price/cost, partially offset by higher compensation. To underscore that, sales in Software and Control were essentially flat year-over-year, but segment operating earnings grew by about $25 million and took margins back over 30%. Really strong performance. Lifecycle Services margin of 14.5% fell 210 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher compensation and lower sales volume. Decremental margin in Lifecycle Services was about 40%. Even though higher compensation and lower sales volumes were headwinds, segment margin here was in line with our expectations due to our cost reduction and margin expansion actions and strong project execution. I want to take a moment to point out the sequential improvements we saw in each of our segments. Intelligent Devices had incrementals that were in the 40s from Q1 to Q2, reflecting the flow through on higher volume and solid price realization. Software and Control had nearly 100% flow-through on their sequential volume increase, aided by price and margin expansion activities. Lifecycle Services was able to grow segment operating earnings slightly despite a slight decrease in sales volume. This was due to strong project execution. Overall, for Rockwell, the incremental margin on the sequential sales growth was about 70%. This is reflective of strong execution by our teams around the world. I want to thank them for their outstanding efforts. The next slide, 9, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q2 fiscal 2024 to Q2 fiscal 2025. Year-over-year, core performance was up slightly on a 4% organic sales decrease. Sales declines were driven by Intelligent Devices and Lifecycle Services, but strong cost discipline in these segments softened the volume decline impact, and in Software and Control we saw margin expansion on continued improvement in Logix sales. Pricing was strong and we continue to fund new product development with company R&D at 6% of total revenue. Software and Control R&D as a percentage of segment sales was in the low-teens. We saw excellent execution and better timing on our cost reduction and margin expansion actions, which were above our expectations, resulting in a $0.65 tailwind. We’ve realized about $155 million of savings in the first half. You’ll see a $0.60 impact from compensation. This year-over-year delta reflects merit increases that came into effect at the beginning of the fiscal year as well as higher incentive comp versus prior year. This number is higher than we had expected in the quarter, reflecting a higher incentive accrual on the strong performance in Q2 and the increase to our expected EPS performance for the full year. Also, remember that in Q2 last year, we had an incentive compensation accrual reversal. Coming into this year, we expected a year-over-year compensation increase to be approximately $160 million. We now expect that to be about $185 million for the full year. That translates to about $0.25 for each of the remaining two quarters. All other items resulted in a $0.15 net headwind. This was essentially all currency, as a slight tax headwind was offset by other, smaller items. Taking a step back and looking at this slide, we were able to completely offset the headwinds of volume and compensation through strong execution on margin expansion and cost reduction activities as well as price realization. Moving on to Slide 10, to discuss our updated guidance for the full year. While our first half performance exceeded our expectations, we are leaving our organic sales outlook range unchanged. Frankly, we are allowing for uncertainty, less predictability in the demand environment, and project timing. Regarding currency, the weakening of the dollar since our last earnings call has changed our full-year expectations for currency headwind to be about 0.5 percentage point, down from prior guidance of 1.5 percentage points. We have already realized all of that currency headwind in the first half and FX turns to a modest tailwind for the second half of the year. Based on our strong execution in the first half of the year and a slight currency tailwind, we are increasing our segment operating margin guidance to about 20%, up from 19%. At the midpoint of our reported sales guidance, from a segment sales and margin standpoint, we are expecting Intelligent Devices margin to be slightly down year-over-year on a mid-single-digit sales decline, Software and Control margins to be up year-over-year on a sales increase of mid-single-digits, and we expect Lifecycle Services margin to be down year-over-year on a low single- digit sales decline. We are updating our adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $9.20 to $10.20, or $9.70 at the midpoint. The EPS guidance increase reflects our performance in Q2 as well as the currency change from a headwind to a tailwind. Under normal circumstances, we would have narrowed ranges for both sales and EPS, but it seemed prudent to keep a wider range due to ongoing uncertainty. Let’s talk about calendarization. Our expectation is for reported sales to grow low single-digits sequentially from Q2 to Q3. In Q4 we expect higher sequential sales due to a combination of our normal seasonality and our backlog. On a year-over-year basis, the more favorable FX outlook is expected to result in a $0.20 tailwind to EPS, which is split evenly in Q3 and Q4. Remember, this is compared to the prior year. The sequential benefit of FX is minimal. As we mentioned during Q1, we continued to take additional temporary cost measures in Q2 to offset the FX impact. We like how the temporary controls are flowing through the P&L, and the organization is executing well. In this period of uncertainty, we feel better keeping those costs in check. Segment operating margins were strong in Q2 and expanded nicely from Q1. As we look forward to the rest of the year, we are expecting very slight margin expansion from the Q2 level, think basis points and not percentage points. As a result, on the low single-digit sequential sales growth from Q2 to Q3, incrementals would be in the low 30s. A few additional comments on fiscal 2025 guidance for your models. Corporate and other expense is now expected to be about $150 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2025 is now expected to be about $145 million. We’re assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 113 million shares. Our share buybacks in Q2 were approximately 450,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $129 million. Our opportunistic overlay on our buyback program kicked in over the last month and we recently exceeded $300 million in buybacks year-to-date. That was originally our buyback target for the full year, but we view recent market pricing as an attractive opportunity to buy more Rockwell. Moving away from the slides, I’d like to expand on a few topics. First, you’ll see we are no longer providing the dollar value of our orders. We began giving this information during the supply chain crisis, as the ratio of orders to shipments diverged from the historical range of around 1 and we felt it was prudent to give that detail to investors. That situation has passed, and we are back to a normal book-to-bill of around 1, so we are dropping the additional orders data point. Second, similar to last quarter, we have analyzed our orders and shipments to see if there were any indications of pre-buys. New demand on distributors was roughly equivalent to the demand those distributors placed on Rockwell. Distributor inventory levels are stable to slightly down compared to last quarter. And our surveys and channel checks with our OEM partners do not point to prebuys. So, we aren’t seeing specific examples. In addition, we have put measures in place to limit distributor and machine builder stocking orders to appropriate levels. While our diligence didn’t find specific evidence, and we have controls in place, we’re factoring in the possibility of limited prebuys. Third, focusing on the cost reduction and margin expansion activities that gave us a benefit of approximately $0.65 of EPS in the second quarter. This is faster than we had projected and reflects great performance by the Rockwell organization, particularly the Integrated Supply Chain team. We expanded gross margin by 130 basis points in the second quarter, compared to the prior year, against a 4% organic headwind. While a lot of our outperformance on the cost reduction and margin expansion program in the first half was timing, we do expect the full year benefit of the program to exceed the $250 million we have been targeting. Looking at some cost reduction wins. In direct sourcing, we’ve saved about $18 million in the first half of the year and are expecting to continue to yield benefits in the second half, from supplier negotiations and transitioning to new suppliers. Savings are coming from areas like cables and wires, fewer broker buys, electronic components, and drives. On the manufacturing side, we’ve seen about $20 million of savings in the first half of the year. This is coming from labor efficiency, and other areas like process optimization and reduced scrap. Last quarter, we talked about rationalizing 21,000 SKUs. That number through two quarters is approximately 36,000. These were heavily low to no-volume SKUs. There are another 4,000 to 5,000 SKUs that we evaluated and decided to take other action, meaning we didn’t rationalize them, but we’re taking pricing or other action. This work is ongoing and is truly a part-by-part analysis that is focused on optimization and simplification. This is particularly important as we move production and supply chains in response to tariffs. Let’s wrap things up by talking about tariffs. Assuming current tariff rates and scope that are in place today remain, we estimate our tariff cost exposure to be about $125 million for the second half of fiscal 2025. We continue to manage tariffs through several actions, the fastest of which is pricing. We have enacted changes to our prices as part of our recovery program. This program will flex up or down as tariffs are enacted, modified, postponed or rescinded. We are also working on moving some production. Resiliency actions we took during the supply chain crisis means we have some flexibility to move production of key product lines as a response. In summary, we are positioned to fully offset our fiscal 2025 tariff cost through a combination of pricing and supply chain actions. The objective of tariff-based price changes is the recovery of the incremental cost, and not sales growth. But, to the extent pricing is used, our full-year organic sales performance could be improved due to tariff-based price realization. Again, our full-year EPS target would stay intact because our intention is to offset tariff costs and have zero impact on second half EPS. As Blake mentioned, the impact of tariffs in Q2 was completely neutralized. Going forward, in an effort to give visibility to underlying operational performance, our intention is to disclose tariff impact on both sales and earnings in each quarter. In conclusion, we had a solid Q2. Looking forward, it remains a dynamic and unpredictable environment, but operationally focusing on the items we can control, the Rockwell team has shown its ability to profitably navigate uncertainty. We have a plan, and we have runway. This team is focused to finish the second half of the year strong. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Christian. We’re pleased to report another quarter that reflects our focus on consistent execution. Investments in resilience are yielding results, including process changes to achieve faster price realization, capacity increases to create redundant manufacturing lines for high-value products in multiple countries, new lines of business that increase annual recurring revenue, and our comprehensive program to increase operating margins. These changes can only be successfully executed with the coordinated efforts of our employees and partners around the world. Transformation is hard in the best of times, and I’m especially proud of our team’s ability to position us so well in a very challenging environment. Our value proposition is stronger than ever before, as demonstrated by customers in the US and around the world who are getting Rockwell involved earlier in their own transformation plans, because nobody is better positioned than Rockwell to provide this value. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow up. Julianne, let’s take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on discrete. E-commerce and warehouse automation, relatively small, but obviously, I think, growing close to 50% really moves the needle. Does it include -- is that where data centers are? And what is really driving this robust recovery? And where does this visibility into the second half come from? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yeah, Andrew, within that vertical, we're actually getting strong growth from multiple aspects of the businesses represented there. So there's the warehouse automation that a lot of customers, especially in consumer-facing industries, home and personal care, food and beverage, which is -- a lot of people are identifying that as a current source of inefficiency in their operations. And so that whole production logistics segment that we've talked about of our offerings is a really good fit. So that's in warehouse automation across multiple customers. You also have the e-commerce players as they're building again new fulfillment centers and things like that. And then finally, as you said, data centers are a part of that, especially with our exposure to data centers through the Cubic power distribution equipment.
Andrew Obin: Got you. No, I really appreciate it. And just a question on Lifecycle Services, that business has really been consistently source of upside, a little bit surprised to see growth slowdown. Interestingly, we've seen some PTC, I think, just talking about slowing down over the next couple of quarters. Just -- can you just tell us what's happening there because somewhat unexpected? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, that's where the majority of the more CapEx-intensive projects are going to be and where we did see delays, that's where it came from. Within the process verticals, which is a big part of Lifecycle Services business, lower commodity prices, particularly in the US, so cheaper oil and gas has put some pressure on that. And then within Lifecycle, we did see a pause in spend in some of the less time-critical digital services businesses as well. Our competitiveness remains very strong. There's a good funnel. Some of the projects that were delayed in the quarter did come in, in April, but that's where you probably saw the lion's share of the delays when they happened.
Andrew Obin: Really appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: I wanted to start kind of with a bigger picture question. I mean the debate, I think we're getting the most [incomings] (ph) on is actually where you guys are sitting in a position of having the most visibility. And that is just this whole balance of kind of reshoring acceleration versus kind of the macro realities and concerns that folks are having. What are your customers -- I know you're selling to a lot of different end markets, but so maybe perhaps more -- a little bit more discrete and hybrid focused here. But what are your -- how are your customers thinking through that as it relates to -- are they accelerating reshoring? Are they hunkering down? I mean what -- any generalization would be helpful there. Thanks.
Blake Moret: Sure. There is still a generally optimistic long-term view among most of our customers, especially those with high exposure to the US because the idea of US manufacturing as a good thing for the US economy, resonates with a lot of us. And of course, Rockwell is a net beneficiary of that. Where we are seeing delays, as we analyze the projects that haven't moved forward, the underlying reasons fall into a few different categories. First is concerns about cost certainty, which a lot of that would come from tariffs. We heard some comments regarding interest rates as well. Automotive is obviously affected by that given the amount of content from around the world there. Another underlying reason would be concerns about the demand from our customers' end markets. So I mentioned lower commodity prices in the US that will affect oil and gas and a little bit of mining, a little bit of temporary concerns, we think, with overcapacity in tire. Another reason would be outside funding, and I'm thinking specifically of CHIPS and Science Act allocations for the semi industry, and then general risk, Ts and Cs, people wanting to make sure that they have their tariff exposure covered. Those are the negatives. Those are the underlying reasons for delays where they are taking place. On the positive side, we talked about e-commerce and warehouse automation. We expect the positive growth trends to continue, quite frankly, into next year based on our customers' investment plans across those areas I mentioned to Andrew. We also see continued signs of green shoots in packaging within food and beverage and home and personal care. So we talked about some strength with Italian machine builders last quarter, that continues. We've seen some sequential growth in Germany with machine builders as well. So there's a few places of positive business. And then the last one and maybe the most important is Life Sciences, and you're seeing the announcements of major Rockwell customers announcing major multi-billion-dollar plans, and that's an important segment for us, and we're on it, and we expect to benefit from those investments in the US.
Scott Davis: Okay. That's helpful, Blake. And then natural follow-on is just the machine builders, just, it's an important customer for you guys. And -- how big of a deal are the tariff -- I mean so many of those guys are in Europe or even Canada coming down into the US, how big of a deal are tariff to those guys? And I guess, kind of since we're in uncharted territory here, I mean, when you think about if somebody is building a facility in the US and the cost of their machines just doubled or whatever, is that a game-changer or is it just not big enough as a percent of the total cost of the facility generally to delay a project for?
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think in the current tariff regime, if you're trying to sell a machine made in China into the US, it's a big deal and probably a showstopper and in many cases, that's not a big part of our business. As we've mentioned, China is about a little less than 4% of our total revenue. In Europe, we're working with those customers and our application of price increases is targeted. As I mentioned in the script, we have considerable flexibility in where we manufacture things. And a lot of those machine builders do have US locations as well. So they're able by shifting their point of purchase to limit their exposure as well.
Scott Davis: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. Best of luck, guys. Appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow up with some of the prior commentary around the market demand trends. So I think it's understandable and makes sense that all the uncertainty out there, maybe it's hard to move forward with a big project if you don't know how much it costs and you don't know if the rules are changing. But when you guys talk to customers, is there an expectation that as visibility starts to come through, we could see more of these projects or announcements unlocking in the coming quarters? And was there any difference in Q1 order rates on a regional basis? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Sure. Yeah. So addressing the projects first, delays, not cancellations. Cancellations remain in a low historical band. And so we absolutely do expect that these customers are going to pull the trigger on some of these investments. We're not going to call a specific date or quarter on that. But as I mentioned, we saw some of those projects come in, in April and we think we have a pretty good handle on what they're grappling with, as all manufacturers are looking for more certainty and consistency with the tariffs and the cost that might come along with tariffs are what they're looking for as well as making sure that the demand is still there from their end customers. In the majority of cases, they expect that this is a pause, not anything that lasts for a long, long time. From an order trend standpoint, North America was our strongest region in the quarter, and we expect it to be our strongest region for the year. And that's super helpful as we go into the second half because it reduces a lot of that ramp, and it builds a healthy backlog that will be important in the back half of the year.
Chris Snyder: Thank you, Blake. I appreciate that. And maybe following up with one for Christian. You guys did a 20.4% margin in Q2. It seems like maybe a 21% in the back half is what's implied. So just a kind of a relatively muted step-up given the volumes are going higher into the back half, it sounds like there's even more cost savings coming through into the back half. So -- I mean, I guess, are there headwinds on tariffs and that it's hard to get an incremental margin on a tariff? Just any kind of maybe headwinds that we should be thinking about on these back half margins? Thank you.
Christian Rothe: Yeah, sure, Chris. When you think about this kind of where we went from Q1 into Q2, really, really nice margin expansion. I think earlier in the year, we would have gotten some grief from folks about the ramp on the margin expansion through the course of the year. We did do a really good job through Q2 execution to derisk a lot of that. And again, we're taking our segment operating margin guide number up from 19% where it was previously to 20% now. And so we still have opportunities to expand those margins. But again, we did -- a lot of that heavy lift was done in the second quarter, and we want to continue to build off of that. But as I said in my prepared comments, we're talking about basis points, not full percentage points. I think your math around kind of what the second half implied number is. Yeah, you're in that ballpark. The ability of this team to continue to execute, I have a lot of confidence in, the key is that we're talking about some really nice numbers year-over-year where we're still getting benefits. Sequentially, when we're talking about the cost reduction and margin expansion activities, those are the millions, probably not tens of millions. But again, we're feeling pretty good about that. On your question on whether or not we can get margin expansion in a tariff-based environment, again, we're really -- our objective is, is that we're going to try to give that information to you all around what the impact of tariffs is for each of these quarters going forward. We're super focused on operational execution on the base business, excluding what happens with the tariff side. And on the tariff side, we're focused on the recovery portion of it. That's really -- there are two separate things for us. Base business, continued growth, continued margin expansion, and let's go execute.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter.
Blake Moret: Hi, Andy. Thanks.
Andy Kaplowitz: This question is probably more for Christian. Can you give more color into your longer-term margin potential? I know you had a good mix in the quarter. You are holding down temporary costs. It's noticeable, though, that you said you get more than $250 million of restructuring benefits from your program and that you're generally getting better price versus cost. So you can give us some more color into what you're seeing? Do you see ultimate restructuring benefit including SKU rationalization is actually way more than 250? Or maybe just what inning do you think you're in, in terms of cost-out and ability to price at Rock?
Blake Moret: Andy, I'm going to start with that one and then hand it over to Christian, just for a little bit of historical. It was actually at your conference last year, February, where we started talking about cost-out programs. And while some of that was to address the current business environment at that time; more importantly, it was to set a foundation, the results of which we're starting to see now. It's starting with an SG&A cost reduction and it moved as we continue to see the benefits of that into more structural cost. And I bring this up to just make it clear, this was part of a program that's been undergoing -- that's been on the way for a while now and it doesn't happen, and we don't get to talk about exceeding expectations without really strong participation by thousands of people within the company. And so it's just an opportunity to give a shout out to the team that responded under difficult circumstances. We're looking for more opportunities for structural cost and maybe this is the point where Christian can add some additional color.
Christian Rothe: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, Blake. And I would also echo those comments. The team has done really well. And so as we're kind of sizing the full year benefit this year, keep in mind, again, we've talked about this before, hundreds of projects are underpinning this cost reduction and margin expansion activity. The team has done a really good job in trying to hit those targets and in fact, was able to pull in a number of them, which is why we saw the outperform in the first half. And frankly, we didn't want to put a lot more pressure on them when we were talking about what the second half expectations are because I think they've done such a great job, we want to let them continue to do the work they've done. There is definitely a runway there. I'm glad you asked the question, though, because to build off of that, I am really excited as we think about 2026 and beyond that because these programs, what we're building with the Rockwell operating model with the continuation of these projects that are underway right now, but then also when we think about volumes starting to come back up, I think there's a really good opportunity to expand the margins. I'm not in a position to give you an exact number yet. I'm sure you were fully expecting that answer. But I'm not going to sign up for that number yet, but I do think when we continue through the remainder of this year and start talking about '26, we'll be revisiting that.
Andy Kaplowitz: That's very helpful, guys. And then bigger question, I think you've talked about gradually improving orders previously, improving orders and sales throughout the year. We could see what your revenue guidance is, but is that still the expectation for orders? I know you don't really want to get -- talk about orders anymore, but is the expectation that generally, you deliver book-to-bill close to 1 for the rest of the year, given the macro environment as it currently stands. And when you look at the improvement in orders that you've seen, how much is driven by, for instance, your machine builders actually order again after that long period of destocking?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. So, I'll start with this and Blake can jump in if he has additional comments to make. But generally, for the full year fiscal '25, we're looking for a book-to-bill of around 1, which is right about where we are for the first half. So yeah, that incremental improvement that we're talking about for the remainder of the year in sales, we're also expecting that in orders. A little nuance around that is that we did talk about in Q1 that we did have some orders that were slated for shipment later in the year. And so those are -- that's part of the backlog that I talked about in my prepared comments that helps us feel good about what we're looking at for Q4. So generally, that -- again, I think the book-to-bill number right around 1 and that we'll get that continuous ramp. On the machine builder side, Blake, do you want to take that one?
Blake Moret: Sure. Broadly, stronger performance across the company in products versus the more capital-intensive projects and a significant portion of that product flow does come from machine builders as they move past the overstock situations that we talked so much about last year.
Christian Rothe: Yeah. And I think maybe just to build off of that, a touch more the -- we talked last quarter about the Italian machine builder market continuing to improve. I think we saw that expand a little bit more in the second quarter. And when you see that demand coming in and that we are getting higher shipment levels, obviously, that's a very strong indication that they're not sitting on a ton of excess stock.
Blake Moret: Yeah. And just the other point that's worth mentioning is we talked about really good adoption of our new products, the innovation that we've invested in over the last few years, offerings like FactoryTalk Optics, our on-machine portfolio of Armor PowerFlex and Motion, those are really getting a great response from machine builders and provide us new ways to win there.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color.
Christian Rothe: Thank you, Andy.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just the first question, I wanted to try and home in a little bit more on the third quarter. So, I just wanted to confirm it's sort of sales up low single-digits, a margin maybe of 21%. And so does that mean even with the tax rate headwind year-on-year sort of EPS is up in Q3? And within that, I wanted to understand kind of the PLC market, how quickly is that coming back up off the bottom?
Christian Rothe: Yeah, Julian, I'll start on the EPS question and general profitability and then we'll have Blake talk about the PLC demand side. When we're talking about the EPS number, you mentioned a 21% segment operating margins, didn't actually confirm that, that was the number mostly around just second half and kind of for the full year, we're looking at that 20%. To give you a ballpark on EPS for Q3, $2.60-ish is the neighborhood we're thinking, which I believe would be down slightly year-over-year.
Blake Moret: Yeah. Regarding Logix, we're having a really good year and there's more room to run. The units of Logix being shipped are still not quite back to pre-COVID levels. So there's opportunity there. We've talked before about seeing modest share gains in our controllers. New innovation from things like FactoryTalk Design Studio that I mentioned before. So, I'm very happy with the performance to date with Logix. And as we see continued recovery on the machine builder side, of course, that's right at the core of a lot of their systems. So we expect that to continue.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just my follow-up would be around the operating leverage assumptions, and I understand you don't want to get into kind of productivity savings guidance for 2026 and so forth. But you are sort of on the -- you are starting a revenue recovery now year-on-year this quarter. And just to understand the operating leverage assumption in that recovery, I think it's around sort of 40% or so incremental margins, it looks like, exiting the year in your guide. I just wanted to confirm if that's roughly the right ballpark of what you should see early in the sort of cyclical recovery phase for your top line?
Christian Rothe: Sure. Julian, we have overall talked for the last couple of years around what we think our incrementals should look like as an organization. We debuted at Investor Day 1.5 years ago, reiterated it at Investor Day last year. And that number that we're signing up for is 35% incrementals. And I definitely recognize that at various points in the cycle, that number could be up or down, again, depending on what's going on with volume, and of course, getting a little better volume ramp can certainly help that number as well. So mathematically, that's where I would put it as far as exactly where we're looking for '26. I'm not ready to talk about it yet.
Blake Moret: Yeah. We've talked about a prudent approach to managing costs. And while we are adding back some heads, prioritizing on new product innovation and customer-facing resources, we're still more than 10% below our peak headcount. And we continue to look very closely at that. So, as we do see the return to growth on the top line, we're very cognizant of managing spending levels.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you just dig in on the tariffs a little bit and $125 million and give a little bit of color on the breakdown of that exposure when we think about China and other parts of it? And then related to that, how you think about your positioning in this environment and given your footprint and you talk about your versus kind of key competitors and whether there are any advantages there that you can exploit?
Christian Rothe: Sure. So, Joe, I'll hit on a few of the data points first, and then Blake can jump in on the footprint side of it. So last quarter, we talked about our exposure levels. And what we bring into the US from Mexico is in the neighborhood of $350 million, what comes into the US from Canada and China is in the neighborhood of $100 million each. Importantly, USMCA compliance, the vast majority of what's coming in from Mexico and Canada is USMCA compliant. When we talk about what's going into China that will be subject to tariffs. Again, Blake used the data point earlier, and I'm just going to give it back as a reference that China for us is a little bit less than 3% of sales -- sorry, a little bit less than 4% of sales, pardon me. When we think about what's coming from the US and going into China, I think like teens-ish as a representation of the sales level, that's the percentage of the shipments that are going into China on that side. So that gives you a sense, at least, of the magnitude of each of these. And those import numbers just to make sure, reference-wise, those are fiscal '24 important numbers, that's not the forecast for fiscal '25. Obviously, that can move around a little bit.
Blake Moret: Yeah. Just a couple of additional comments. Our US manufacturing facilities provide more revenue for Rockwell than any other country. So just to frame it up that way. And again, a lot of the redundancy that we put in place during the supply chain crisis is really serving us well. We make Logix in the US. We also have that capability in Singapore. We have manufacturing multiple places around the world for our major product lines. I talked about the recent announcement of Clearpath expanding to the US. It certainly gives us a benefit in terms of reducing tariff costs. It also provides needed capacity for the kind of growth we expect to continue to see as well as resiliency.
Joe O’Dea: And then within the guide, the unchanged range, is that kind of price up about 1.5% volume down an equivalent amount? And then just related to that volume that primarily auto and some process markets?
Blake Moret: So, we've talked about the uncertainty that kept the organic range unchanged. And pricing from tariff-related cost is a piece of that, continuing to watch closely for any signs to manage prebuys. And then the timing of when those CapEx-intensive projects return is another piece of it because those CapEx-intensive projects typically carry with them a longer lead time. So we've got lots of backlog that supports the guide already in place. The question of when new orders would come in, some of which would be recognized in the back half of the year is another element of uncertainty. So that's why we've taken the approach that we have.
Joe O’Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Julianne, we will take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our last question today will come from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks. Just beat the bell there. Thanks for the question. So, Christian, I just wanted to clarify the comment on the China -- kind of US to China exports. I think you said -- if I heard it rightly, roughly 4% of sales and a teens portion of that 4% is imported into China. Is that right?
Christian Rothe: That's correct.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's great. Just trying to figure out, because by the time we convene there could be very different rates and systems in place. I just wanted to understand the sensitivity. And then good color on 3Q. I'm just wondering if you can provide any color on how you see the setup by segments? And I'd be particularly interested to see if Lifecycle Services might be back to growth in 3Q?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. So we didn't actually give the color by segment for the quarter. We did give color by segment for the remainder of the year to give you a kind of a full year view. So probably not going to get into the detail around individual segments at the moment, just because, again, I'm not sure that it's going to provide a ton of value. And as we talked about, we have had a couple of changes around we're seeing some outperformance in certain parts of our business and the capital-intensive side of the business are moving around a little bit right now. And so the nuance of quarter-to-quarter is a little bit more difficult right now. But again, we feel really good about the team's ability to execute.
Nigel Coe: And then just quickly on the 3Q versus 4Q, would you expect the tariffs impact to be roughly similar?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. Generally, we're expecting -- I mean, obviously, the tariff impact that we have, we're incurring them right now, yes.
Nigel Coe: Yeah. Okay, great. Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation, Inc.'s quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Miss Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julian. Good morning. And thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation, Inc.'s First Quarter Fiscal 2025 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO, and Christian Rothe, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next thirty days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll make a couple of general comments before we turn to our first quarter results. I'm pleased with the early benefits of our renewed focus on operational excellence and cost discipline as we create a solid foundation for market-beating growth and performance. Continuing benefits from cost reductions in SG&A we took last year will be joined with benefits from reduced costs of direct and indirect purchases, manufacturing efficiency, and additional price actions. Overall, our plan to achieve $250 million worth of productivity benefits versus last year is intact, despite additional temporary headwinds such as the negative impact of currency. Additionally, we are confident that we are dealing with the recently announced tariffs in a way that mitigates the impact and maximizes our position as a large US manufacturer. We've been working on various scenarios since before the election. Undoubtedly, there will be near-term disruptions and volatility in the global supply chain both for us and our customers, but we continue to believe Rockwell Automation, Inc. is a net beneficiary of policies that increase US manufacturing. Christian will cover some of the actions we are taking later in his section. In terms of demand, we are encouraged by better-than-expected order performance in the quarter. We had mid-single digits sequential growth overall, with sequential growth across all regions and business segments. Orders exceeded shipments in the quarter, giving us some additional backlog for the balance of the year. While there is still macroeconomic and policy uncertainty weighing on customers' CapEx plans, Rockwell Automation, Inc. won multi-million dollar strategic orders across multiple key industries in the quarter, especially in the US, our home market. Let's now turn to our Q1 results on slide three. Our Q1 orders grew 10% versus the prior year and, as I said, were up mid-single digits sequentially. We saw particularly strong orders for Logix controllers and IO. We believe our order outperformance reflects true underlying demand based on the broad geographic outperformance, balanced mix of hardware, software, and solutions orders, and the fact that distributor and machine builder inventories continue to reduce. As customers are waiting for more certainty in the macroeconomic and US policy environment, they're balancing their automation spend between increasing operational efficiency and making longer-term capital investments. Our Q1 order outperformance includes a number of large customer projects that are slated to convert to sales over the coming quarters. Our Q1 reporting sales declined about 8.5% year over year, with slightly better-than-expected organic sales being offset by about a point of headwind from negative currency translation. Remember, our sales in the first half of fiscal 2024 were still supported by a sizable product backlog, creating a difficult year-over-year comparison for us in fiscal 2025. We expect to return to year-over-year sales growth in the back half of the year. Organic sales in our Intelligent Devices segment were down 12% versus the prior year and in line with our expectations. Both CUBIC and ClearPath, our recent acquisitions in this segment, saw double-digit year-over-year growth in sales. We continue to grow our pipeline of multiyear projects here with significant wins across our key industries and global customers. I'll touch on some of these wins in a few minutes. Software and control organic sales declined about 12% year over year but were above our expectations. Logix exceeded our expectations this quarter, with both orders and sales at double digits versus the prior quarter. Logix orders have recovered sequentially during the last six months. Some of our newer offerings we talked about at our investor day in November continue to set us apart and help get new customers. One of these competitive wins in the quarter was with Convergex Automation Solutions, a leading global machine builder who's partnering with Rockwell Automation, Inc. to help a German end user with their first US greenfield plant. The customer chose our cloud-enabled Optix platform for its hardware-agnostic nature and its ability to seamlessly extract and aggregate data from various devices on a plant floor, significantly reducing the time, risk, and cost to integrate solutions for multiple vendors. Lifecycle services organic sales were up 5% year over year. Book to bill in this segment was 1.05, led by strong orders in our solutions business and tied to some of the larger multiyear project wins I mentioned earlier. We also saw good growth in recurring services, with strategic wins across automotive, tire, and food and beverage. Total ARR for the company grew 11% in the quarter, led by strong growth in our software offerings. One of our notable wins here this quarter was with Morocco, whose dairy factory is powered by renewable geothermal energy and has one of the lowest manufacturing carbon footprints in the industry. Our cloud-native Plex software was chosen to help Morocco enhance their product traceability, improve quality, and reduce cost. Segment margin was over 17% in the quarter, and adjusted EPS was $1.83, both well above our expectations as we continue to execute on our cost-out and longer-term margin expansion projects. As we reiterated at our Investor Day a few months ago, we are committed to delivering $250 million in year-over-year benefits from these actions in fiscal 2025. In addition to this structural productivity, we're deploying temporary cost measures to help mitigate the unfavorable currency impact on our earnings. Christian will cover this in more detail later. Turning to slide four, to review key highlights of our Q1 industry segment performance, consistent with our overall sales results in the quarter, our performance by industry reflects difficult year-over-year comparisons with Q1 of last year still benefiting from a large product backlog. Our discrete sales were down mid-single digits year over year with declines in auto and semi, partially offset by strong growth in e-commerce and warehouse automation. Within discrete, automotive and semiconductor sales continue to be impacted by delays as customers focus on driving operational efficiencies and profitability amidst increasing uncertainty from trade and policy changes in the upcoming months. E-commerce and warehouse automation sales grew over 30% versus the prior year and were above our expectations. We saw a significant uptick of customer activity this quarter, especially in North America and Europe. A strong position with leading machine builders and systems integrators in this space is helping us gain additional share of wallet with key end users, both in the traditional e-commerce space and global logistics sector, with a common theme of facility modernization and optimization. Recent new product introductions have also enhanced our competitiveness in this vertical. Given the acceleration in customer investments, we now expect e-commerce and warehouse automation to grow high single digits year over year in fiscal 2025. Moving to hybrid, sales in this industry segment were slightly above our expectations, led by better performance in food and beverage and home and personal care verticals. In food and beverage, our customers continue to prioritize spend on digital services and modernization programs over large capacity investments. We expect modest improvement in this vertical as we go through the year. In life sciences, we saw a number of strategic wins in the quarter, showcasing the breadth and differentiation of our offerings to serve this market. In addition to follow-on orders for GLP-1 related investments, we secured a large competitive win with our FactoryTalk MES software, helping one of the largest European life sciences companies standardize their global facilities on our platform to increase tech transfer speed and reduce cost. Another important win this quarter was with Thermo Fisher. Our autonomous mobile robots were selected to help address Thermo's workforce challenges by optimizing their warehouses through Otto's AI-enabled path determination and movement flexibility, freeing up labor to focus on more value-adding tasks. Turning to process industries, sales in these verticals were down high single digits year over year on difficult prior year comps, especially within our energy market where oil and gas grew over 25% in Q1 of last year. While the new administration's support for more oil production in North America should benefit our customers in the long run, we see a mixed reaction from our energy customers near term as they continue to prioritize capital discipline and operational efficiency over adding more production in the US. This quarter, Rockwell Automation, Inc. and EPIC Industrial, a leading EPC company in the energy and chemical space, were chosen by one of the world's largest oil and gas producers to help achieve this end user's goal of net zero emissions by 2050. Another important process win was in our mining vertical. Vale selected Rockwell Automation, Inc. to help increase production and reduce water consumption at their new processing plant in Brazil. Our winning combination of integrated hardware, software, and services is the reason Vale chose Rockwell Automation, Inc. as their single partner to integrate end-to-end solutions for this greenfield. Let's turn to slide five in our Q1 organic regional sales. As you can see, the Americas continue to outperform other regions for us this quarter. EMEA sales were down 14%. We continue to see weakness across most of the region, particularly in Germany and France, with some early signs of stabilization at Italian machine builders. Asia Pacific sales declined 9%, led by a double-digit year-over-year decline in China. While the automation market in the region is expected to stabilize later in 2025, we expect Asia Pacific to be our weakest region in fiscal 2025. Let's now move to slide six to review our fiscal 2025 outlook. We continue to expect a gradual sequential sales improvement as we move through this fiscal year. We're keeping our organic sales growth range of positive 2% to negative 4%, but we are updating our reported sales midpoint to $8.1 billion, reflecting 1.5 points of negative contribution from currency translation. Christian will cover FX and the calendarization of our guidance in more detail later on the call. Annual recurring revenue is projected to grow about 10% this year. As I mentioned earlier, we are taking additional cost measures to offset the negative impact of currency headwinds on our bottom line, which means we continue to expect segment margin in the 19% range and are reaffirming our adjusted EPS of $9.20 at the midpoint. We expect free cash flow conversion of 100% in fiscal year 2025. I'll now turn it over to Christian to provide more detail on our Q1 and financial outlook for fiscal 2025. Christian?
Christian Rothe: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide seven, first quarter key financial information. First quarter reported sales were down about 8.5% versus the prior year. The impact of acquisitions was negligible, and currency had a negative impact of 90 basis points in the quarter. But one point of our organic growth came from price, and price cost was favorable. Segment operating margin was 17.1% compared to 17.3% a year ago, but lower sales volume was mostly offset by the benefits of cost reduction and margin expansion actions Blake mentioned earlier. Adjusted EPS is $1.83, above our expectations primarily due to the beat on segment operating margins. I'll get into more detail when we discuss the EPS bridge and the cost reduction actions. I'd like to take a moment to commend the team for outstanding performance in the first quarter. It was about strong execution and good cost controls. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 17.5%, below the prior year rate of 17.9%. We remain on track to achieve a 17% ETR for fiscal 2025. Free cash flow of $293 million was $328 million higher than the prior year. Free cash flow conversion was 140% in the first quarter of this year, reflective of continued working capital management by the team as well as zero incentive payout on fiscal 2024 performance. This is in contrast to the first quarter of last year where we had our cash bonus payout for 2023 performance. Two additional items not shown on the slide: we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $99 million. On December 31st, we had approximately $1.2 billion remaining under our repurchase authorization. Return on invested capital was 14.5% for the first quarter of fiscal 2025, 400 basis points lower than the prior year, primarily driven by lower pretax income. Slide eight provides the sales and margin performance overview for our three operating segments. Intelligent Devices margin of 14.9% decreased by 130 basis points year over year. Purely focusing on detrimental conversion, the segment had decrementals in the 20s year over year in the first quarter, which reflects strong execution on cost-out programs against the double-digit organic sales decline. Software and Control margin of 25.1% was flat with the prior year. This segment typically has very high decrementals, but strong execution on our cost-out programs and good price cost performance kept our year-over-year decremental margins in the 20s, performing above our expectations. It's important to note that R&D spend in this segment was in the low teens as a percentage of sales, reflecting our continued focus on new product introductions and long-term growth differentiation. Lifecycle Services margin of 12.5% decreased 190 basis points year over year and was slightly below our expectations, mostly driven by Sensia shipments. Incrementals were solid year over year, reflecting the low single-digit volume growth and strong execution on our cost-out programs. Before moving on to EPS, let's just stay a little on orders and demand. As Blake mentioned, orders came in better than expected, surpassing $2 billion in the first quarter, and book to bill was greater than one, which hasn't been the case for the last seven quarters. This is a good sign, but didn't materially change the calendarization of our outlook. The outperformance was largely from project orders scheduled to ship later in the year. Another favorable data point: in the first quarter, new demand placed on our distributors is flowing through at close to 100% in terms of new orders on Rockwell Automation, Inc., matching historical levels, giving us further evidence that the destocking cycle is mostly behind us. The next slide, nine, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q1 fiscal 2024 to Q1 fiscal 2025. Core performance was down $0.55 on an 8% organic sales decrease. Those sales declines were primarily in our higher margin products, in both Intelligent Devices and Software and Control, which impacts flow through. Importantly, the organization took some temporary cost measures in Q1, which helped keep the core detrimental flow through on the high single-digit sales decline to this level. Cost reduction and margin expansion actions, which reflect more structural productivity, provided about $70 million of benefit in Q1, slightly above our expectations, and were a $0.50 tailwind. Compensation, which reflects merit and incentive compensation, was a $0.20 headwind. This year-over-year delta reflects merit increases that came into effect at the beginning of the fiscal year, as well as higher incentive comp versus the prior year. Recall that our full-year 2025 guide, which for compensation and inflation to be about a $190 million headwind compared to fiscal 2025, with $160 million of that coming from compensation. The inflation impact is captured inside a core in this bridge. We expect compensation to be about $0.90 of headwind, the remaining three quarters of the year spread about equally. All other items resulted in a $0.04 net benefit. Moving on to the next slide ten to discuss our updated guidance for the full year fiscal 2025. Our thesis for the year remains largely intact with a couple of changes. We expect organic sales in a range from negative 4% to positive 2%. While our initial guide for reported revenue for fiscal 2025 did not anticipate any significant impacts from currency, the recent strengthening of the dollar requires a modification in our guide. At current rates, we expect currency headwind to be about 1.5 points, which takes our guidance on reported sales down to slightly below $8.1 billion at the midpoint. We expect price to contribute about a point of growth for the year. This excludes any tariff-related price actions. At the midpoint of our reported sales guidance, which is now negative 2.5%, our current expectations are for Intelligent Devices sales to be down mid-single digits, and Software and Control and Lifecycle Services to be approximately flat year over year. From a margin standpoint, we expect ITD margin to be down year over year on lower sales. Software and Control margins to expand year over year on flat sales, and we expect Lifecycle Services margin to be flat to slightly down year over year. Our adjusted EPS range is unchanged at $8.60 to $9.80, with a $9.20 midpoint. Talk about calendarization. The dollar strengthening late in the first quarter has continued into the second quarter and is a sequential headwind of less than one point. Expectations for reported sales grow low to mid-single digits sequentially from Q1 to Q2. After Q2, we're expecting gradual sequential sales growth through the remainder of the year. On a year-over-year basis, the 1.5 points of sales headwind from FX is expected to result in a $0.35 headwind on EPS, split evenly to the remaining three quarters of the year. As Blake said earlier, we're taking additional temporary measures on spending to offset this impact. The team performed well in spending control in the first quarter. We're going to hold those reins tight and continue to drive towards that adjusted EPS midpoint of $9.20. Just look at Q2, we expect segment operating margins to expand about 100 basis points sequentially on the incremental sales volume, resulting in EPS up. Those sales and margin expectations would be in the neighborhood of $2 per share. A few additional comments on fiscal 2025 guidance for remodels. Corporate and other expense is expected to be around $145 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2025 is expected to be about $140 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 113 million and share repurchases targeted during the year. Moving away from the slides, I'd like to expand on a couple of topics. First, focusing on cost reduction and margin expansion activities, which gave us a benefit of approximately $0.50 of EPS in the first quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect a benefit of $250 million or about $1.85 per share. As discussed at our investor day in November, there are hundreds of projects supporting these initiatives. And while each one individually may only be a couple of basis points or ten basis points of yield, when put together and annualized, they are giving us a yield in the hundreds of basis points. The timing and magnitude continue to fluctuate as we execute against these plans. The first quarter was a good one. We tracked slightly ahead of our goal for the quarter. The primary driver of the outperformance was manufacturing efficiencies and effective sourcing. There's a lot of year left in front of us, a great deal of work to be done, but I'd like to thank the team for their efforts. Nice work. While you may see this initiative as cost, because that's what we're tracking and reporting to our investors, it's important to note that the ultimate goal is product competitiveness and speed. These actions are setting us up for long-term growth of both sales and earnings. To that end, I want to follow up on some other operational excellence topics from our investor day. The Rockwell Automation, Inc. operating model continues to develop as we build the foundation for sustaining our long-term cost-out initiatives as well as drive margin expansion for the long term. During the first quarter, we had another 1,300 Rockwell Automation, Inc. employees complete yellow belt training. In addition, we rationalized over 21,000 SKUs as we seek to simplify our operations and improve customer experience. Our product resiliency index continues to improve as we steadily reduce single points of failure in our operations. While those initial efforts arose from the supply chain crisis, as we enter into an era of changing tariffs and trade, resiliency enables us to respond to dynamic conditions. Moving on, I'd like to go into some depth around the potential tariff impact on our business, including our short-term actions as well as longer-term thoughts. As Blake mentioned earlier, the Rockwell Automation, Inc. team has taken initial steps in response to new tariffs. We've planned for a number of scenarios and remain ready to adapt quickly. Our priorities are a combination of maintaining profitability and utilizing resiliency in our operations and supply chain to mitigate impacts under a variety of scenarios. I want to size our exposure so you have context. The cost of finished goods imported from Mexico, Canada, and China in total were less than 10% of our US revenue in fiscal 2024. Separately, in fiscal 2024, our direct imports into the United States from Mexico, both from third parties as well as from our own manufacturing facilities, were approximately $350 million. Imports from Canada and China were each approximately $100 million. Our tariff mitigation plan is multifaceted. For the near term, this will be primarily through price, and we have implemented price changes from the additional China tariffs that were enacted on February 4th. We have made and will continue to make changes to manufacturing locations where there's an attractive ROI. Canada and Mexico tariffs, if they happen in March or sometime in the future, will impact both standard products as well as a portion of our configured order sales. We will enact price increases on impacted products and also intend to reprice our backlog to reflect our new price list. These actions are disruptive for our customers, of course, and there will likely be some noise in the near term. We are working hard to minimize that disruption and ensure continued levels of customer service. With that said, due to our immediate actions and substantial US manufacturing footprint, we do not expect these tariffs to have a material impact on our profitability for the full year. Beyond pricing, we have a number of projects that are in flight to mitigate tariff costs through alternative sourcing and movement of production locations. We'll be leveraging the resiliency that's been built into our operations and supply chain, including movements in production in response to tariffs. For example, we have some products that are produced in Mexico and destined for the US, but similar production that occurs in the US where the destination is outside the United States. We're swapping those out, leaving the production for non-US customers outside the US in order to create capacity to manufacture production for US customers inside the US. It's a small portion of our overall tariff-impacted operations but a good example of quick moves we can make. As Mike mentioned at our Investor Day, our operations team has done a good job of keeping infrastructure in place for second shift, sometimes third shift in locations, that have been challenged with lower volume in the last twelve months. That creates an opportunity to move production into the US to avoid tariffs with a limited time lag. As you know, we're in a very dynamic environment, so we will continue to leverage our agile supply chain and take additional steps as necessary. With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Christian. As I mentioned, we're seeing some encouraging new project activity across multiple end markets. Many of these involve US user sites, but they involve multiple points of influence around the world. And we're doing a good job of coordinating this global effort. We expect the impact of so-called mega projects to be meaningful in the next few years. We continue to track new legislation and executive orders as they are announced. With our large US manufacturing footprint and strong market position, we're confident that we can respond quickly to these changes. I'm pleased with the progress our teams are making toward our long-term productivity and margin expansion targets, and I'm confident we are making the right investments to drive sustained growth and profitability. The framework for superior growth and performance through the cycle that we outlined over a year ago is intact, and we are working that plan. I'm also taking a moment to thank our employees and partners for their dedication and hard work. I'm proud to have such a strong team to help us navigate through this dynamic period. Nobody is better positioned than Rockwell Automation, Inc. and our partners to help American manufacturers create the future of industrial operations. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Julian, let's take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. As a reminder, to ask a question, please press *1 on your telephone keypad. Our first question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey. Good morning, guys. Blake and Christian, Aijana. Good morning. Hey. I want to start with this SKU rationalization thing because it's kind of relatively new-ish for you guys. And 21,000 sounds like a lot. I know you sell a lot of stuff, so maybe it's not. But in context, it sounds like a lot. But are there puts and takes on how that impacts 2025? Meaning, I would have expected maybe some top-line impact but perhaps an offsetting impact on margins. Is there any way to kind of drill down into that a little bit?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. Sure, Scott. I'll start. And if Blake wants to jump in afterwards, he can certainly do so. But from the SKU rationalization, what's to be really honest here is that this hasn't been done in the history of Rockwell Automation, Inc. So really, we're starting with the low-hanging fruits. That 21,000 really reflects a lot of no-sales and low-sales SKUs. So from an impact perspective within the year, you should be thinking about it as any impact at all or no significance of impact. It's really, again, trying to help us streamline those operations. As we get farther along in the process, we've got another 39,000 that we're looking at right now, that will continue to have a little bit more of an adjustment, but again, don't expect it to have a material impact.
Blake Moret: Yeah. And this is think of this as part of a spectrum of activities as we go in and take a little bit closer look at the total SKU portfolio. As Christian mentioned, you have those that are easy to reduce from our bills of material. And then look at what are the items that we might want to keep, but we can do something with price on. Beyond just the general price increases that we do. So we're working through that in a methodical way. I expect this activity to continue on an ongoing basis, but the early results, as you said, are significant because when you can reduce those catalog items, then it reduces the ability for those items to attract cost in some way as they move through the manufacturing footprint.
Scott Davis: Yeah. That makes sense. Hey, guys. This was a more, I think, upbeat and positive call than you've had in a few quarters. And orders obviously supportive of that and a lot of progress you've made on the margin side for sure. Incrementals certainly way better than you had in the past. But when you think about the guidance for 2025, on just organic growth, considering the orders that you had in the commentary, would you expect that there's a little bit of a positive bias to that guidance? Is that fair to say? Would you characterize that you're still being just a little bit conservative and appropriately so, I suppose, given the state of affairs in the world, but it appears it got a bit conservative. Would you characterize it as that?
Blake Moret: Scott, there's no question we had a good start to the year. As we've been saying, we expected gradual sequential growth through the year, overperformed a little bit in orders, so we're happy to see that early in the year. But it still keeps our thesis intact. We needed to see growth. We've started off with growth, and we expect to see that continue through the year.
Scott Davis: Okay. Fair enough. Best of luck, guys. Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter. Hey, Andy. Christian. Orders up mid-single digits sequentially. I know you had five six expectations. Can you give us more color in terms of what you think happened in the quarter? It seems based on Christian's comments that maybe lack of destock was slightly better than expectations. And you did mention, Blake, the improvement in e-commerce. You sound a little better on hybrid and food and beverage and life sciences. How much of that improvement is actually getting better versus your improved product offering? And did the positive order trend you saw in fiscal Q1 continue in January?
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think the performance in Q1 and then January, which does support the outlook for Q2 and the balance of the year, does represent some improvement in the underlying market. As Christian said, we saw the orders, the new demand placed on our distributors pretty much right on top of the new demand that we're seeing, which indicates that the destock of our market is pretty much done. In most parts, possible exception of China. It's broad-based. Importantly, it was manifested in the hybrid space with food and beverage and home and personal care. We mentioned that we saw some green shoots in Italian builders, which is mainly packaging, for life sciences, including beverage. Within the discrete space, automotive is still a challenge. But as we mentioned, e-commerce, warehouse automation, is quite strong. That includes a few areas. It includes e-commerce as new fulfillment centers are being built. It includes the modest exposure we have to data centers, but that modest exposure is growing really fast. And then it's parcel handling companies that are looking to complement scarce people with technology, and we're seeing some really good projects in parcel handling companies. And this is also where we mentioned new product introductions, our on-machine portfolio, FactoryTalk Optix for operator interface and edge data management, autonomous mobile robots, all of those are playing a role. They're not only winning on their own merit, but for precisely the reason that we acquired these companies, they're pulling through larger solutions as customers are confident that we have the breadth to be able to meet their needs. And I'll finish by saying, you know, process we're not seeing a weakening in oil and gas. More of the performance there was based on very strong comps or difficult comps in the first quarter of last year when oil and gas was up 25%, but we continue to expect energy to contribute positive growth in the year, and then mining within the process industry is also a source of optimism.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful, Blake. And then, Christian, your cost reduction and margin expansion actions, as you said, were at $0.50 in Q1, $1.85 expected for the year. Think, Christian, at the Investor Day, you mentioned the cost actions from your combined overall cost program. We're going to continue to ramp as 2025 evolves. And you mentioned slightly more positive impact, any mild insourcing and manufacturing in Q1. So do you actually see a little more benefit than that $1.85? I know it's early, but how would you respond to that?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. And it's really more about the timing of those. So we did certainly I think we've understood the timing and magnitude is always going to be a little bit tough for us to gauge. And so some did come through a little bit earlier in the year, in the first quarter than what we'd expected. Didn't see anything in there though that would say that we would be changing that number. And so, you know, from the perspective of the overall program, the size program is still the same. Keep in mind that this program really started in the second half of last year. So as we're coming up against those comparables, as we get into the second half of this year, again, we're going to be building on that base, but we have to make progress against the cost that were already in place from the prior year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to just kind of follow-up on some of that commentary around orders here improving into December quarter. Do you think that there was any positive impact of moving past the election? You know, we heard from a lot of companies in late summer and the fall that there was maybe some freezing ahead of the election. So do you think that had any impact whether it's, you know, some of these projects moving forward or, you know, distributors or integrators just willing to hold a little bit more product, you know, given improved expectations?
Blake Moret: I think there's a little bit of that. I think as we've talked to customers, really around the world, but especially here in our home market, there is a general optimism. Now that being said, there's obviously remaining volatility which offsets a bit of that. But the general mood out there as evidenced by PMI in the US, you know, finally getting above fifty for the first time in a long time, is that there's a general optimism and these companies can't wait to get on with their plans for increasing efficiency or transforming their operations. And at some point, they're all concerned about waiting too long and losing share to companies that move more assertively. So I think we did see a little bit of that as evidenced by the broad-based project activity that we mentioned in the first quarter.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then for my follow-up, maybe one for Christian. So software and control margins, obviously, a real standout this quarter, up year on year despite double-digit revenue decline. I guess, what should we expect the rest of the year there for margins? Because it seems like revenue should continue to build sequentially as the year goes on. And I would think with that, those volumes lift up margins for the segment as the year goes on. Thank you.
Christian Rothe: Yeah. Sure, Chris. So, yeah, as the year goes on, you know, again, we talked about Clearbit mix and Blake specifically mentioned Logix and IO being nice contributors in the quarter. And, you know, as we talked about for the full year, we are expecting that that business year over year is going to be in that flat range, which should get some expanded margin. So really nice start to the year. You know, from an overall margin perspective, again, we're just looking for that to continue to progress gradually during the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Oh, yes. Hi. Good morning. Maybe my first question was just around trying to understand, again, sorry, to go back to the orders and know, understood. Year on year is up double digits, but also very depressed base a year ago. So maybe if we think about the book to bill, it's a bit easier. I think maybe that was about 1.07 in your first quarter. I imagine it's always above one early in the year, below one second half of the year. So is there any sort of historical context you could put around that book to bill kind of what is it typically in the first quarter, company-wide, you know, anyway you could sort of flesh that out and how we should think about that book to bill moving over the balance of the year?
Blake Moret: Yeah. Julian, I don't know that we have as reliable a correlation in orders at the beginning of the year. As we do with what you mentioned, and that is at the end of the year, certainly Q4, you know, you can typically count on higher shipments particularly in our configured order and lifecycle services business. We did see orders a little bit better than expectations in the first quarter. We mentioned mid-single digit growth overall. Products were actually a little bit better than that in terms of sequential growth. And products in terms of orders probably are affected by calendarization the least, you know, unless it has to do with, you know, holidays, you know, typical in one quarter or the other. So to be sure, the performance was a little bit better than expected in the first quarter and then as we mentioned January performance was consistent with our outlook for Q2 and the rest of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then just to understand the differences between sort of intelligent devices versus software and control. So it looks like in intelligent devices, maybe the channel or your partners are a bit further behind in the destocking, whereas Logix and software and control you're firmly in the sort of early stage of an upturn. I just wondered if that's a fair characterization and what sort of typical operating leverage we should expect from Logix in a sales recovery?
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think you can also look at the performance of Logix as being impacted by the reduction of any excess inventory in our machine builders. Obviously, Logix was foundational to the solutions that our machine builders around the world use. And it was recovering, to be sure, from a low base at the very beginning of last year. Now, intelligent devices is a broader set of SKUs relatively than software and control hardware. It has to be said, intelligent devices does have a lot of exposure to automotives, which as we've mentioned, hasn't really hit that same growth curve that some of the industries have. So that's a little bit of additional color for you on the relative performance between those two sets of hardware.
Christian Rothe: Maybe I'll just add one other thing around the configured order portion of the business. In Intelligent Devices. Typically starts the first quarter of which is usually low as well.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. On the cost out and the $250 million and I think, you know, a little more than half of that on the COGS side, you just talk about the status of actions there with respect to, I think, a year that's framed as, you know, COGS really kicking in some of the contribution to cost savings in the back half of the year. But of that $130 million, you know, any sense of how much has been actioned? How much will be actioned by the time you start the first half or the second half of the year?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. Joe, there's a lot of that's already in flight. And certainly some of that and the timing of those coming in already in the first quarter. And again, that will continue to ramp as the year goes on. The delta that we saw from those activities in the first quarter really did come from manufacturing efficiency and sourcing, so really areas that are going to impact COGS. And that was a pretty broad range, everything from freeing up some additional capacity, which reduced some overtime at a couple of our facilities, that also actually, those facilities had some better improvements in quality, which reduced material expense. We also implemented barcode scanning at a number of facilities. During the season really good. Early wins in that regard. Logistics gave us a touch of outperformance in the quarter. And then I would also say on the material side, and these are smaller dollar items as far as the delta impact, but again, important. So things like metal fab, raws, stamping, all of which contributed a few hundred thousand dollars each to that outperformance we saw in the first quarter. So momentum is building. It's going well. We're pretty happy with it so far. And again, you're going to see more that that helps in the second half.
Joe O'Dea: Then just wanted to circle back on channel inventories. Pretty encouraging of you that, you know, at this point in time, a lot of that is sorted out. Think, you know, previously, maybe, you know, some timing expectation it would take until, you know, second quarter, maybe even drift into third quarter. So perhaps that's sorting out a little faster than anticipated. But just regionally, if you talk about kind of North America, say Europe in particular, because it seemed like that was still an inventory overhang up until recently. And then it sounds like maybe China is the only area left that you would say, you know, still has some drag effect. But just any regional color on what you've seen there over the past couple of months?
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think you characterized the shape of it. You know, biggest factor in North America would be distribution so much of our business goes through distributors. And that's mostly done at this point. In Europe, the inventory at big machine builders is an important factor. And the relatively high sequential growth in orders that we saw in Europe, we think is indicative of that playing out and normalizing there. And as you said, you know, China might take into end of Q2, Q3, but it's a small part of our business. As China's total revenue is now a little bit less than 5% of our total revenue.
Joe O'Dea: Great. Thank you. Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chagusa Kotoko: Hi. This is Chagusa Kotoko on for Steve. Thanks for taking my question. Just a little bit more on the first half to second half ramp. It's still the first half seasonality still seems a little weaker than historical seasonality. And you mentioned before you booked some orders during this quarter that or some big orders that are expected to ship in toward the end of the year. If you could provide some any more color on what's going to support the first half to second half ramp, that would be great.
Blake Moret: Yeah. Thanks for your question. We do see as we enter the year an expectation for gradual sequential improvement through the year. And actually, the year started from an order standpoint a little bit better than expected, which reduces that ramp from first half to second half.
Chagusa Kotoko: Okay. Thank you. And then on the second quarter, if you were to do similar decremental margins to the first quarter, it looks like there's some upside to the $2 and EPS that you mentioned, but is there any reason you can't do similar decrementals to the first quarter?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. So obviously, you know, we don't go into that level of detail on our guide. We are expecting, you know, sequentially that we're going to see margin expansion on segment operating margins going through 17% to that 18% kind of number, which again, is consistent with our ramp that we talked about for the full year guide. At the outset of our guide in last quarter's call, but also just reiterating that in this call as well. So no, as far as the modeling year over year, we'll leave that up to you to take a look at that.
Chagusa Kotoko: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andre Adams: Hi there. This is Andre Adams on for Noah. Could you give us more color on some of the drivers of margin outside the quarter, and what the contribution was between mix versus cost action and how mix factors into the reiterated segment margin guidance and the EPS outlook given FX headwinds?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. Sure. Let me just I'll go after this and let me know if I answered the question properly. But really, I believe your question is around just generally the outperformance versus where our original thesis was for the quarter. If we break that out, there were kind of three primary drivers behind it. The first portion was that we did have a favorable mix. That is the software and control business performed better than what we had expected, against the lifecycle business, which was a little bit below our expectations. So careful mix was the first side. And the second one was that as Blake discussed and I also discussed, we had these temporary cost measures that the organization performed really well against. You'll see that inside of our core in that bridge schedule. And then the last one was that we also had a better performance on our cost reduction and margin expansion activities that was expected to be more equal throughout the year, kind of leading up to that $150 million for the full year. We had a little bit of outperformance there. So all three of those are about equal as far as helping us to perform in the first quarter.
Andre Adams: Great. Thank you. And just as a follow-up, microproject still seen as a tailwind for fiscal 2025. Can you just talk about any impact of the funding pause for IRA, IIJA, loans program office funding on the magnitude of that tailwind?
Blake Moret: Sure. We do continue to see mega projects as a tailwind, both in terms of year over year and as a nice contributor to our growth this year as well as for the next few years. So this is multiyear. It's multi-industry. And as we've talked to companies, for instance, in energy, about any impact, you know, that the change in administration is having on their plans, they're continuing on with those projects. So we highlighted a project by a major oil and gas company on a sustainability project this quarter, and we're tracking a lot of those through this year and into the next years. In fact, renewables in terms of new project introductions continues to be a major contributor to the new announcement. So these projects are going to have to stand on their own merit. They're going to have to have a good ROI, but we think there's a lot of those out there whether it's direct air capture, carbon capture and sequestration, and so on. And then, obviously, in terms of traditional development of energy resources, that continues to be a big part of our business. With energy overall about 15% of our total revenue.
Andre Adams: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I just want to come back. Hey. Good morning, Blake. Just want to come back to order. Sorry. It's I guess it's for the umpteenth time on this call. But I just want to be clear on the $2 billion plus number that was given. I don't quite get there based on the year-over-year and sequential changes you talked about. Maybe my base is a little bit off, but is that a reported number, an organic number? Maybe you could be a little bit more precise on that if there's anything else to add.
Christian Rothe: Yeah, Jeff. So that is a recorded number. And you know, I'm not sure exactly what the number is that you're looking at from the prior year, but we are being consistent with the metric and how we've thought about it historically. Again, knowing that, you know, we didn't always and we haven't always given the exact number on orders. It was really more of the I think a lot of folks are getting that order number based on delta, what happened with backlog versus shipments. But again, we thought it was notable that we were back over $2 billion, and we want to call that out.
Jeff Sprague: Yeah. No. That's what I'm doing too. The implied orders based on backlog and revenue changes, but fine. I'll play with that. And then also just wanted to come back to kind of the cost reductions. It looks like your corporate expense actually you raised the corporate expense for the year, if I have that correctly. What is going on in that line item?
Christian Rothe: Yeah. So corporate expense obviously has a number of smaller items that move around from quarter to quarter and throughout the year. Probably the biggest change in the delta on we did take that number up for the full year is really around some of the execution costs on some of the margin expansion cost reduction activities. We're going to take those on the corporate side. So that's the reason why that number went up slightly.
Jeff Sprague: And maybe just one other quick one. I think you said you expect Asia Pacific to be the weakest region for the year even though EMEA is starting off weaker. Are you implicitly assuming there's kind of a tangible pickup in EMEA over the balance of the year? Do you have some visibility on that?
Blake Moret: We do. Again, a lot of that business is driven by the machine builders. So we call that specifically stabilization at the Italian machine builders, and we expect, particularly because it's coming off of a low base, that that machine builder business to recover in Europe as they're back to normal in terms of their inventories. China is expected to continue to suffer from a, let's say, mild deflation through the year. So while we see some recovery, it's going to be slow, and they've got some structural challenges there. China is a small part of our business, but it's a big manufacturing economy, and so it remains important to us. And then India mid and long term, you know, continues to be very bright, but we're not expecting any heroic growth from India this year.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you very much. Thanks.
Aijana Zellner: Julian, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our last question today will come from Robert Mason from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Mason: Yes. Good morning, Blake, Christian. Hey, Rob. Thanks for taking the question. Hey. I appreciate the level of detail you provided us around your manufacturing footprints and imports into the US from various, you know, regions, maybe tariff exposed. Could you just and I know you've made a lot of changes over the last few years around how you execute on pricing. Can you just remind us some of those changes and how quickly, I guess, you know, matter of days, weeks, what have you, would you actually be able to put through incremental price around the tariff enactment?
Blake Moret: Yeah. The short answer is immediately. Tariffs can be handled a little bit different than normal price increases. But as we talked about, in the past being able to move to a fixed discount pricing structure, which was some changes that we implemented during the supply chain crisis over the last couple of years, has allowed us much faster response to general price increases. But with tariffs, we implemented them fairly quickly. The first time around back in 2018, and I would say, even more immediately, this time because the impact was potentially larger.
Robert Mason: And in repricing backlog, is you know, would that be a new experience for your customers?
Blake Moret: I think in general, yes, that would be. We have been very communicative around the terms and conditions and how we've been selling to those customers for some of those projects over the last several months knowing that this was a potential. Again, that's what happens when a scenario where we were imagining and indeed did seem to be the case for a little while, which was immediately around tariffs and wanted to make ensure that, you know, again, if we're incurring the cost, we're going to find a way to recover it.
Robert Mason: Excellent. Thanks. I'll turn it back. Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you for joining us today. That concludes today's conference call.
Operator: At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instruction] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2024 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Christian Rothe, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. And with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll make a couple of comments before we turn to our fourth quarter results. With the U.S. Federal Election Day now behind us, we're optimistic that the country will turn its focus to a smooth transition to newly elected leaders. We're pleased that policymakers recognize the essential role that U.S. manufacturing plays at the core of our economy. Rockwell is the clear leader in providing technology that helps U.S. manufacturers be more competitive, so we welcome policies that will benefit our most important market by spurring innovation, streamlining project approvals and leveling the playing field. Orders continued to be soft in Q4, but we had solid execution on several fronts. Customer service levels and conversion of new orders to shipments are back to pre-pandemic levels across all businesses. We are growing profitable software and digital services lines of business which help to partially mitigate the impact of excess product inventory in our channel. Annual recurring revenue grew double digits in the year and is now 10% of our total revenue. For comparison, ARR was about 4% of our revenue in 2018. We're seeing modest market share gains over the past few years based on U.S. market share reports, product specific studies and comparison to the automation businesses of our closest competitors. Our best results in fiscal year 2024 were in North America, our home market and China is now less than 5% of our revenue. We are broadening our cost savings activities and Christian Rothe, our new CFO has jumped into the effort with enthusiasm. He brings valuable new perspectives on additional opportunities. At the end of fiscal year 2024, we were able to accelerate our savings to realize about $110 million of cost reductions in the second half of the year, $10 million above the target we first discussed in May. As of the end Of October of 2024 our global headcount is down over 12% since Q2 of fiscal 2024. In the last call we talked about multiple additional cost down opportunities, including activities to reduce the price paid for purchase components and services as well as actions to increase the efficiency of our manufacturing plants. Despite the headwind of lower volume, we are still confident in our ability to save $250 million in fiscal year 2025 from the combination of all our productivity actions. We continue to see positive impact from pricing actions. These have been difficult times, but I'm impressed by the resilience and sense of urgency of our teams as we position ourselves to deliver market beating growth and profitability. Later on this call, Christian will cover our pricing, productivity and margin expansion actions for next year. Let's now turn to our Q4 results on Slide 3. Our Q4 orders were down low single digits sequentially compared to our expectations for low single digit improvement. Similar to last quarter, the rate of reduction of lingering excess inventory at our distributors and machine builders was gated by slower end user demand. Of note, we did see sequential orders growth in North America with Asia contributing the largest sequential decline. Going forward, we expect our Q1 orders to be flat sequentially. We expect our Q1 sales to be down high single digits from last quarter, primarily due to typical seasonality in our configure-to-order and solutions businesses and slower orders in Q4 of fiscal 2024. I'll talk more about our fiscal 2025 outlook later on the call. Despite weaker than expected orders, our Q4 organic sales came in largely in line with expectations. As I mentioned earlier, we quickly converted incoming product orders to shipments and lifecycle services capped off a year of improved performance with good execution in the quarter. Q4 sales for the company declined 21% versus prior year compared to 18% growth in Q4 of last year. The decline is due to the difficult year-over-year comparison, lingering channel destocking effects in our product businesses and slower end user demand.
CUBIC: This quarter we secured a strategic win at NTT, a leading data center colo provider. Rockwell is helping this customer achieve significant footprint savings by leveraging CUBIC's modular, compact and switchgear agnostic custom design capabilities. In Software & Control, organic sales were down over 30% year-over-year. Within this segment, logic shipments were weaker due to slower end demand in product centric end markets. Despite the continuing volatility in product shipments, our PLC market share is slightly up helped by a geographic mix and continued innovation.
Logix SIS: Other launches extend the differentiation of our software offering. Last quarter we launched our Vision AI Solutions to help customers improve their quality and yield. In general, software was our best performing area this year with good revenue growth across Fix, Plex and other FactoryTalk offerings. The newest FactoryTalk Design Studio release features a copilot which boosts automation system design productivity and is integrated in this cloud native application which is an industry first. You'll see many of these products at our automation fare in a few weeks. Lifecycle Services organic sales grew about 2% versus prior year book-to-bill in this segment was 0.9 and slightly below our historical average for Q4. We saw a couple of customer delays projects in our Sensia business this quarter. We continue to have a healthy pipeline of projects which include both traditional and energy transition applications and reflect a general shift towards autonomous operations to improve safety and operational performance. Energy end markets overall were over 15% of our total business in fiscal 2024. On the services side, we continue to increase customer penetration through managed services with a growing number of contracts generating recurring revenue. Total ARR for the company grew 16% in the quarter with double digit growth across our software and services offerings. Segment margin was over 20% and adjusted EPS was $2.47. Turning to Slide 4, to review key highlights of our Q4 industry segment performance, similar to our overall top line results in the quarter, our performance by industry reflects difficult year-over-year comparisons, with Q4 of last year being a record quarter of shipments. Sales in our discrete industries were impacted by continued declines in auto and semi, partially offset by growth in e-Commerce & Warehouse Automation. In Automotive, we saw another quarter of EV project delays as brand owners and tier suppliers wait for more policy certainty and an overall improvement in consumer spending. Despite this pause in EV, there's still activity and we continue to win business across traditional ICE and hybrid programs. Rockwell was selected by Ford Motor Company as the automation partner for their Louisville, Kentucky facility. Rockwell will be supplying a full portfolio of Logix controllers, drives, HMI and industrial components for the body and final assembly shops. There is also additional content for their next generation truck programs. Moving to Semiconductor, while the industry is dealing with oversupply and uncertainty around future stimulus support, we secured an important win with a global leader in semiconductor manufacturing to automate their R&D facilities here in the U.S. We also continue to gain traction with our production logistics offering from material transport. e-Commerce & Warehouse Automation sales increased 25% versus prior year. In addition to continued investments in warehouse upgrades by both e-commerce and traditional retail players, we see the benefits of data center investment, particularly in our CUBIC business. Turning to our Hybrid Industry, sales in this segment were impacted by double digit year-over-year declines in Food & Beverage and Life Sciences. In Food & Beverage, we continue to see muted capacity investments as end users are delaying projects and focusing on driving operational improvements across their existing facilities. With that said, we are working with leading Food & Beverage producers on their next greenfield plans. In the quarter we had an important win with Kikkoman, the largest soy sauce manufacturer in the world. In partnership with the engineering firm CRB, we are delivering Rockwell's portfolio of Plex MES software and scalable plant wide control, helping Kikkoman build their factory of the future here in Jefferson, Wisconsin. Within our Life Sciences vertical, we're seeing the investment in GLP-1 drugs as key pharma companies and their contract manufacturers aggressively add manufacturing capacity to support soaring consumer demand. Sales growth in our Process industries was impacted by difficult comps with over 25% growth in Q4 of last year for this industry segment. Within Oil & Gas, similar to last quarter, we saw project push outs in North America due to election uncertainty and potential policy changes given the impact they may have on funding of greenhouse gas related projects. Sensia did grow double digits in the quarter and continued to deliver improved profitability. In Mining customers are investing in the sustainability and safety of their operations. This quarter Rockwell was chosen by Syrate [ph] New Denmark and South Africa to upgrade their environmental monitoring system from a competitive software offering to ensure effective monitoring of environmental conditions and respond to potential hazards. Let's turn to Slide 5 and our Q4 organic regional sales. In general, sales were down sharply year-over-year due to tough comparisons and the lingering impact of destocking. Orders were up sharply year-over-year due to the easy comparison with Q4 fiscal year 2023. Sequentially orders were down low single digits and shipments were flattish. The Americas, our home market, continued to be our best performing region. As I mentioned, orders were up sequentially in North America. While we are happy with our strong presence in the Americas, we continue to expand our share of wallet with European machine builders as they serve their end users around the world. In the quarter, we won an important project with Gaia in India. Gaia is one of the world's largest system suppliers for the food, beverage and pharmaceutical sectors. The Gaia portfolio includes machinery and plants, as well as advanced process technology, components and comprehensive services. The end user will implement state-of-the-art technologies to ensure efficient water usage and replenishment. Let's move to Slide 6 for key highlights of fiscal 2024. We finished the year with a 9% year-over-year decline in reported sales. Sales from our ClearPath and Verve acquisitions contributed about a point of growth as we expand our customer value in the production, logistics and cyber security spaces. Total ARR grew 16% with strong performance across our recurring software and services portfolio and is now over 10% of our total business. The 200 basis point decrease in our segment margin on a high single digit year-over-year sales decline would have been worse without our more diverse business mix, and the significant cost reduction actions we took earlier this year to align our cost structure with the current business environment. These actions also position us for expanded margins as markets recover. 60% free cash flow conversion was in line with our prior forecast. Let's now move to Slide 7 to review our fiscal 2025 outlook. Given the uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment and continued project delays across a number of our end markets, we're projecting sales growth in the range of positive 2% to negative 4%. After a sequential decline in Q1 shipments, primarily due to typical seasonality, we expect gradual sequential improvement in our top line growth through the balance of fiscal year 2025. Christian will cover the calendarization of our guidance in more detail later on this call. We expect our annual recurring revenue to grow about 10%. Segment margin is projected to be down slightly versus prior year and adjusted EPS is expected to be $9.20 at the midpoint. We expect free cash flow conversion to return to 100% in fiscal year 2025. I'll now turn it over to Christian to provide more detail on our Q4 and full year performance and financial outlook for fiscal 2025. Christian?
Christian Rothe: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I'm excited to be here this morning and look forward to working with you all over the coming quarters and years. I'll start on slide 8, fourth quarter key financial information. Fourth quarter reported sales were down 21% versus prior year. The positive impact of acquisitions and the negative impact of currency roughly offset each other in the quarter. About two points of our organic growth came from price. Segment operating margin was 20.1% compared to 22.3% a year ago. The year-over-year decrease reflects lower sales volume and unfavorable mix partially offset by our cost reduction actions and no incentive compensation. Adjusted EPS of $2.47 was above our expectations primarily due to price and one-time items. Those one-time items included $22 million benefit from an adjustment to an earn-out accrual tied to achievement of the sellers revenue targets on our ClearPath acquisition. Adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 14.9% below the prior year rate of 17% and about 4 points below our expectations for the quarter. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later Slide. Free cash flow of $367 million was $409 million lower than the prior year, primarily due to lower pretax income. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased approximately 450,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $118 million. On September 30th we had $1.3 billion remaining under our repurchase authorizations. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview for our three operating segments. Intelligent Devices margin of 20.6% decreased 70 basis points year-over-year due to lower sales volume and unfavorable mix. If you exclude the benefit from the ClearPath earn-out adjustment I mentioned earlier, segment margin in Intelligent Devices was 18.3%. Operationally this was about a point below our expectations as better than expected price cost was more than offset by lower volume and other costs including the impact of currency. Purely focusing on decremental conversion after adjusting for the earn-out, the segment had decrementals in the mid-30s year-over-year in the fourth quarter which reflects strong execution on cost out programs against a 20% organic sales decline. Software & Control margin of 22.3% decreased about 1,100 basis points year-over-year due to lower sales volume which was partially offset by cost reduction actions and no incentive compensation. Margins in this segment were below our expectations mainly due to lower shipments of Logix controllers. Revenue from the software portion of Software & Control held up nicely year-over-year. The 39% sales decline in Software & Control was driven by the hardware portion of the business against the historically high shipments in Q4 of the prior year. The typically high decrementals for Software & Control were mitigated somewhat by our cost out actions. Lifecycle Services margin of 17.4% increased 890 basis points year-over-year and was slightly above our expectations. The higher year-over-year segment margin lifecycle was driven by no incentive compensation, strong project execution and Sensia margin improvement. As Blake said, this business performed well throughout fiscal 2024 and the incrementals reflect that. The next Slide 10 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q4 fiscal 2023 to Q4 fiscal 2024. Core performance was down $2.40 on a 21% organic sales decrease with unfavorable segment and product mix driving an outsized flow through. As Blake mentioned, cost reduction actions provided a $70 million benefit in the quarter exceeding our expectations and were a $0.50 tailwind. Incentive compensation was a $0.55 tailwind. This year-over-year delta reflects no bonus payout this year versus an above target payout last year. ClearPath earn-out benefit was $0.20. Year-over-year impact from currency and acquisitions were a $0.05 headwind each whereas tax was a $0.05 tailwind. Shares, interest and other items taken together were a tailwind of $0.03. I want to pause here to briefly discuss the sequential performance for Rockwell from Q3 to Q4. Although it's not in the slide, I think it's informative to discuss the progression, particularly when we later discuss the fiscal 2025 guide. Negative mix was the largest contributor to our decremental sequentially. While reported company wide sales were down $15 million, declines in products in both Intelligent Devices and Software & Control including Logix were more than double that amount. On the other hand, we saw growth in Lifecycle Services and our configure-to-order products which have less favorable margin profile. Further, as mentioned in our Q3 call, the Lifecycle Services segment had some high margin projects ship in Q3 that did not recur in Q4. This negative impact of both volume and mix drove high sequential decremental margins. Sequential currency and pension headwinds were offset by the earn-out adjustment. Moving on, Slide 11 provides key financial information for the full fiscal year 2024. Reported sales declined 9% to $8.3 billion including 1 point of growth coming from acquisitions. Currency was neutral. Organic sales were down 10%. Full year segment margin of 19.3% decreased 200 basis points from last year. The decrease was due to lower sales and again an unfavorable mix that skewed heavily toward products partially offset by no incentive compensation as well as the benefits from cost reduction actions and one-time items including the earn out adjustment. Adjusted EPS was down 20%. A detailed year-over-year adjusted EPS block can be found in the Appendix for your reference Free cash flow conversion was in line with the updated expectations we shared last quarter at about 60% in fiscal 2024. Free cash flow decreased $575 million from fiscal 2023. The decrease in free cash flow was driven by lower pretax income. Inventory and receivables were a source of cash in the fourth quarter as we reduced our balances in line with end demand. Return on Invested capital was 15.2% for fiscal year 2024 and 570 basis points than the prior year, primarily driven by lower income. For the year, we deployed about $1.2 billion of capital toward dividends and share repurchases and made inorganic investments of $750 million at the beginning of the fiscal year for ClearPath and Verve. Our capital structure and liquidity remained strong. Let's now move on to the next Slide 12 to discuss guidance for fiscal 2025. We expect reported sales in a range from negative 4% to positive 2% or slightly below $8.2 billion at the midpoint with no impact from currency or acquisitions. At the midpoint of our sales guidance, which is negative 1%, we expect both Intelligent Devices and Software & Control to be down low single digits and Lifecycle Services to be up low single digits year-over-year. We expect price to contribute about a point of growth for the year and price cost to be favorable. Segment margin is expected to be just under 19% at the midpoint, down about 40 basis points from fiscal year 2024. As Blake mentioned, we continue to expect $250 million in year-over-year benefit from our productivity and margin expansion projects in fiscal year 2025. We look forward to covering more on our productivity and operational excellence journey with you at our upcoming Investor Day in Anaheim. We expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. This is about 2 percentage points higher than fiscal 2024, which benefited from some discrete events that will not recur. Our adjusted EPS guidance ranges $8.60 to $9.80 with $9.20 at the midpoint. We expect full year fiscal 2025 free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. Blake mentioned earlier that we expect first quarter sales to be down high single digits sequentially. From a margin standpoint, we expect our Q1 margins to be in the low to mid-teens. Although we don't give quarterly guidance, we thought it would be helpful to give some additional color on how we expect the first quarter to shape up. Intelligent Devices sales are expected to be down low teens sequentially, reflecting soft product demand and a seasonal low in configure to order products. Against this tough volume backdrop, Intelligent Devices will have compensation headwinds and the non-recurrence of the earn out adjustment. As a result, we expect Intelligent Devices segment margins to be in the low teens. Software & Control margin is expected to be in the low 20s on flat sequential sales growth. Lifecycle Services typically has a seasonal low in the first quarter and sales are expected to be down low single digits sequentially. We expect compensation headwinds and the volume impact to drive segment margins in Lifecycle to the low teens. As Blake mentioned, we expect gradual sequential improvement in our sales through the rest of the year. We also expect a corresponding increase in our segment margins. Let's turn to Slide 13 for our adjusted EPS walk for the full year. Our core is expected to be negative $0.20 for the year with more normalized conversion on the 1% sales decline at the midpoint of our guide. Importantly, included in our core is R&D spending, the lifeblood of our future growth, which we continue to target at about 6% of sales. Non-R&D investments planned for fiscal 2025 are expected to be a $0.25 headwind. These investments are structural in nature to position us for future growth. They include expansion of our CUBIC footprint to continue to capture the ongoing data center tailwind, especially in the U.S., our new Rockwell facility in India and IT investments that will provide differentiated performance both inside and outside of Rockwell's walls. Continuing on to the waterfall, our productivity actions are expected to increase EPS by $1.85 reflecting the targeted $250 million cost out savings. Nearly offsetting those savings are compensation and inflation headwinds next year which are expected to decrease EPS by $1.40 at the midpoint of guide. Adjustments to the ClearPath earn-out in Q2 and Q4 of fiscal 2024 result in a $0.25 headwind in fiscal 2025. We expect tax to be a $0.20 headwind. Shares, interest expense and other items taken together are expected to be a $0.06 headwind. To break down the guide another way, our adjusted EPs in fiscal 2024 included about $0.25 of benefit from earn-out adjustments that added about 35 basis points to our segment margins for the year. Our guide of fiscal 2025 segment margins of just under 19% reflects essentially flat segment margins on this adjusted basis year-over-year. The headwinds of a 1% sales decline at the midpoint of our guide, as well as compensation and investment headwinds are expected to be offset at the segment level by our cost out programs. A few additional Comments on Fiscal 2025 guidance for your models, corporate and other expenses is expected to be around $130 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2025 is expected to be about $145 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 113.1 million shares and we are targeting $300 million of share repurchases during the year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Christian. Despite project delays tied to policy uncertainty and the U.S. election, we won new capacity projects in the U.S. across a variety of verticals in the quarter and throughout the year. We saw a sequential ramp in these wins throughout the year with Q4 being the best quarter. Projects came from a diverse set of end markets including renewable energy, tire, oil and gas, EV and semiconductor. The funnel of these mega projects is robust and we expect an increase in these orders during fiscal year 2025. Fiscal year 2025 will be a particularly strong year for new product introductions, including both hardware and software. We look forward to showcasing this innovation for customers during Automation Fair in two weeks and for you at our Investor Day during the show. Acquisitions made a year ago are expected to contribute about a point of organic growth in fiscal year 2025. We do not anticipate major new acquisitions in the year. We have an unmatched portfolio that combines traditional sources of value with new ways to win. As we've said, we're now concentrating on integrating what we built and bought to drive simplification for our customers, expanded margins for investors, and focus for our employees. Our people remain the heart of our success and I thank them for their dedication and resilience. My leadership team and I look forward to working shoulder to shoulder with our employees and partners around the world during the coming year as we tune our operations add new innovation to our portfolio and win at customers. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. [Operator Instructions] Julianne, let's take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, Blake and Christian, Aijana.
Blake Moret: Hey, good morning.
Scott Davis: Blake, you implied that maybe the election caused some noise. Do you see a restock happening imminently is that something that seems possible?
Blake Moret: We're really not counting -- Scott, we're really not counting on anything at the beginning of the year, particularly in Q1. As we talked about before, we're nearing the end of the drain of excess stock at distributors and machine builders. Some machine builders and distributors are already back to that equilibrium point, but we're just not counting on some rapid acceleration for them to put additional inventory back on their shelf.
Scott Davis: And just to follow up on that theme, the last time we had tariffs come in, what were the customer responses? Were they more likely to pre-buy and kind of buildup in particular distributors, build up inventory? Were they more -- was there a change in behaviors around that? And certainly there may be some concerns around tariffs, so I'm just kind of curious to see what you guys saw last time and how that may inform this time.
Blake Moret: We really didn't see customer behavior change a lot with the tariffs, I'll tell you that. That's an area that I'm proud of the agility that we showed as the tariffs came through to get ahead of that to ensure a positive price cost as things were coming in. And so I'm very confident should we see additional tariffs, we'll be able to reflect that in our pricing to customers. But unlike what occasionally will happen with regular price increases, where you see a little bit of purchases brought forward, we really didn't see that with respect to the tariffs, obviously, there's a lot of expectation that continues as investment increases in the U.S. to complement labor with technology. And of course, that's right down our sweet spot.
Scott Davis: Yes, makes sense. Okay, thank you. Best of luck this year, guys. We'll see you in a few weeks.
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, maybe just trying to flesh out 2025 a little bit more. When you look at 2025, do you think we're any closer to a bottom in discrete? I know you mentioned some incremental CapEx delays, but is there any kind of visibility that's helping you? Let's call it talk about relative stability in hybrid and process markets in 2025 given the forecast of down low, single digits and flat respectively.
Blake Moret: Yes. So in let's start with Hybrid, Food & Beverage, we're still not seeing a lot of activity of people pulling the trigger on greenfield investment, although we're working with them and the associated EPCs on planning for expansion projects. And we're continuing to get business through digital services modernizations and things like that with their brownfield footprint. In Life Sciences, we do think that we may be coming off a little bit of a bottom with respect to Life Sciences. And we've talked about the optimism around GLP-1 capacity that we're engaged with and that we expect to continue in that area. In discrete the biggest component of discrete is Automotive. We talked about a minute ago the win at Ford. So customers are still investing, but it's not picked up to a point where we can sound the all clear let's say. We do expect the SAR count to increase in fiscal 2025. EV as a percentage of vehicles sold in the U.S. is expected to go up a little above 10%. It's obviously at a much slower pace than we all envisioned a couple of years ago. And then another element of discrete is e-Commerce and Warehouse Automation. That's also where our data center activity is. That was a bright spot this year for us and we expect that to continue. There's a lot of activity there, not only among the hyperscalers, but also among the other retailers who are looking to modernize and make their operations more efficient. Semiconductor a little bit more mixed. Still expect that to recover. We talked about some activity there, but we're not expecting that to be a big contributor in the year.
Andy Kaplowitz: It's helpful. And then Blake, just kind of fleshing out the 2025 guidance or maybe this for Christian, orders down, most of them in Q4. You talked about flat in Q1. I guess, that puts you probably in the sevens in terms of run rate and sales. So maybe how much lift do you get in orders if destocking were to just end and do you need orders to start picking up in Q2 to sort of make that midpoint of your guide?
Blake Moret: We're really looking at very gradual sequential growth in orders after Q1. That's what we're expecting triangulating from a variety of points, looking at the different industries. We also look at life cycle with its higher exposure to process, which continues to invest and the relevance of backlog that they have in that segment, contributing positive growth in the year. So we feel comfortable with that. And then with the order progression that I just described being the biggest impact, biggest influence on Software & Control and Intelligent Devices through the year.
Andy Kaplowitz: I appreciate it. Look forward to seeing in a couple weeks.
Blake Moret: Yes, see you soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just, I'm going to go back to sort of trying to figure out where things bottom. So as you look at your funnel and then obviously funnel becomes orders and then orders become shipments. So just trying to understand is the sort of this funnel converting into orders is just budgeting at year end. And so we effectively need budgets to be set for calendar 2025. And that's what we're going to see orders. And then once you get an order, what do you think, because not just for you, I know that you guys can probably ship your stuff within one to two weeks, but as you put the product together, what's the right way of thinking from order converting into shipment that you book? Is it three months? Is it six months? If you could just outline this timeline if and when things actually start inflecting? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, Andrew, let me describe a little bit of the overall process, and if I missed something, then ask me to touch that up. The funnel is tracked probably a little bit differently for pure products that go into MRO versus the big greenfield projects that we look at that we described last year in terms of the typical calendarization of like a big EV project, for instance. And of course, we have both in our business. We track intensely the project work, in some cases a year or two before orders are left there with CapEx across the different industries. And that's where our Lighthouse project group has really shown this year. And as I said, we expect even more activity in the coming year. That funnel looks good and certainly supports the guide with respect to Lifecycle Services. We have a good funnel in ClearPath, for instance, cubic and so on. But between the time that something comes out of the funnel and is won and ordered and shipped that could be months or in some cases a year or more depending on the amount of engineering in that project. When it comes to the products in that funnel, when those come out as an order to us, as you said, we're back to turning those around at a very high rate. The majority of those get serviced within a period of days off our distributor shelf. But even when we have to build it, we can rely on the safety stock that we built up, built back up during the year or building in the plants that's converting at a very high rate. So, I think to your question, from time to get an order to the shipment, what's the overall time? It literally is a period of weeks for those products, a little bit longer for the configure-to-order products that we have in intelligent devices. And again you get into the months. I think average lead time in Lifecycle Services is probably about five or six months. But it certainly varies between digital services and fully engineered systems. So hopefully that touches on some of what you were looking for.
Andrew Obin: Yes, no, absolutely. Thanks so much. And then just and I apologize if you have sort of talked about it but, you were sort of machine builders in Europe was a pinch point. I think one of your competitors sort of has come out and said that that is being pushed out three to six months. What is happening with machine builders in Europe, just a little bit more granular view there? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, well let me, let me start with a subjective comment and that is I'm seeing a lot of machine builders from Europe in our facility now and we'll see a lot of them at Automation Fair in a couple of weeks. The PACK EXPO show down in Chicago, was close enough to where we're seeing a lot of those machine builders come up and talk to us about their plans going forward, super encouraging. These are big names and they're already decent sized customers, but with lots of opportunities to grow share of their spend. Given that a lot of their end users are investing in the U.S. and they want to be working with the U.S. leader, that's fact. We're definitely hearing that directly from those machine builders and you'll hear from some more of them at Automation Fair as well. In fiscal year 2025, coming off of a year where the overstock condition at European machine builders contributed to big declines, we expect Europe to be decent performing after the Americas. So Americas will be the best performing region in the world in 2025, followed by Europe, followed by Asia, as those overstock conditions completely dissipate and they get back to normal order patterns.
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much, I really appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Oh, thanks. Good morning everyone. Hey, good morning. Thanks for the 1Q color and all the additional guidance points. So Christian, I just want to make sure that we've got message on 1Q. We're sort of getting, just to map it back to the full year guide, down a 6% to 7% type organic year-over-year for 1Q. And it's just based on the, I don't know, based on the margin it seems like maybe a bit more pressure perhaps on EPS, so maybe down to like $1.80 or so. Would that be sort of consistent with your thinking?
Christian Rothe: Yes. So just to -- hi Nigel. To frame it a little bit when we talk about the sequential side of it for kind of the overall organization we have, if we bridge from Q4 into Q1, we've got headwinds, of course the earn out adjustment is not going to recur. We've got headwinds from the perspective of the compensation inflationary side and then on top of that, of course, there's the volume reduction. All of which are going to contribute to going to contribute to some real decrementals as we go into Q1. So you mentioned a number on the EPS. We're not going to actually get into real detail on exactly what that number is, but it will be significantly below $2.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that's helpful. And then just based on the normal, I mean normal quote unquote normal sequential through the year, it seems like 2Q would be down in the similar level year-over-year and then you start getting the real benefit from the easy comps in the back half of the year. But I do struggle to understand what gets us to plus 2% given the start of the year. So just to be curious what sort of assumptions you're making at that plus two and maybe just frame it in terms of what you'd expect to see in the order numbers.
Blake Moret: Yes, so that would. So, the plus 2% would be a little bit better sequential improvement, either a little bit more pronounced ramp up or a little bit earlier development of the recovery in the end markets that would flip intelligent devices and Software & Control products to positive shipments for the year. So, if you get a little bit higher growth than expected earlier in the year and we continue to build sequentially off of that, that's where you would see the pickup, the lifecycle services, the longer lead time items. Again, given the exposure to process markets and the amount in backlog, I don't see that changing as dramatically. It's really going to be the products that will be the swing votes in this.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks Blake. See you in two weeks.
Blake Moret: Yes, see you soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to talk about America's market and order trends. So I think you guys said that those were up low single digits sequentially or just up sequentially, so any color on maybe the magnitude of increase? And when you guys talk about orders flat sequentially into Q1 on seasonality, is the expectation that Americas continues to get better and then just more broadly on America, anything you could comment around the competitive environment and specifically how you think the company is doing on share of new wins and new awards? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Sure. Yes, as we said, Americas was the best performing region in 2024 and we expect in 2025 it continued to be the best performing region. We obviously have by far the largest share in the Americas. We've got the best channel; we've got the largest installed base and the deepest relationship. So it's pretty good hand in that case. And we're seeing, as I mentioned before, modest share gains. Obviously our competitors are all interested in the U.S. and expanding that footprint. But we're attacking it with the same sense of urgency and recognizing that we have to take the battle to machine builders and engineering firms around the world as well as continuing to provide, unmatched, very differentiated support for the users here as well, releasing new products, it's the whole equations and it's all hands on deck for that. In terms of the sequentials, I did mention that we saw sequential improvement in orders in Q4 in North America. And we haven't characterized just where we see the sequentials, through the year by region and by products or solutions. But again, we expect Americas to be the best. And I did say that we expect in the so called mega projects that we expect more orders to come from that activity in 2025 than we saw in 2024. And that will become a more and more significant number, as we finally get past the overstock effects of products in the channel.
Chris Snyder: I appreciate that. And then may be just following up on that American manufacturing CapEx investment, which is obviously tilting much more towards electronic components like chips and even bigger electrical equipment, maybe things like transformers. So as the CapEx shifts into different end markets, is there anything that investors should be aware of on just the content? Is the content on those products not just for you, but just for the automation industry? Maybe lower than more traditional verticals like, like Food & Beverage and then just the fact that some of these verticals are a bit new to the United States, how is Rockwell positioned to compete on those? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, Chris, great question. The opportunities we're tracking and literally there are thousands of projects that we're looking at and then getting laser focused on the, the top of the funnel where we have the clearest line of sight and they're getting ready to make decisions. If you look at the vertical industries represented by that funnel, it split roughly evenly between the verticals that we don't have as much penetration in that we haven't talked as much about historically. Things like semiconductor balanced by industries that we have great share in, we've talked about forever. We have, extremely high readiness to serve, like Food & Beverage, like Automotive, like Life Sciences. So we went through and characterized that entire basket of projects and it split roughly equal. And each side of that represents hundreds of billions of dollars of CapEx, and very substantial amounts of opportunity for us. And as I've said before, I think we're still in the reasonably early innings of those being awarded. So you're seeing awards for things like data centers for projects now. And while we have some exposure in data centers, it's obviously not the bulk of our business people are placing orders for very long lead time items. I think transformers in some cases are still out two years and so on and we'll see some content from that. But I think the biggest amount of those projects is still to come over, over the next few years.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. May be one question for you, Blake just thinking back to the Investor Day a year ago. So you talked about that sort of mid-to-high single digit organic sales CAGR entitlement. When we take 2024 in the guide for 2025, you're running at a sort of negative mid-single digit CAGR. So just trying to understand for you to sort of get the nose up and move back towards the mid to high positive growth, how much more do you need to put in in terms of reinvestment? Because I understand short-term you're sort of cutting spending and headcount because of the near term top line. But are you confident you can get back to that mid-single digit plus growth trend without sort of heavier investment taking place in the next couple of years?
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks for the question, Julian. So in terms of the investment, we've taken a lot of care even through the last tough year to preserve spending in areas like customer facing resources as well as R&D for new product introductions and you'll see the continuing increased pace of that at Automation Fair in a couple of weeks, across our portfolio, Software & Control, Intelligent Devices, New Digital Services. I'm very proud of the way that we're getting these new products to market. And in fact in Software & Control, R&D as a percentage of sales is actually double digits. So we continue to preserve that going forward. I think that as we look at getting back to those growth rates, let me also say that after we get past the reset, the very high growth in 2023 17%, top line growth, obviously the decline last year and then the guide for this year, we still hold, and we'll talk more about this in a couple weeks, but we still hold to that framework both in terms of top line as well as margin expectations. And so, while we've made some cuts that are to align the cost structure of the business with current business conditions and incoming orders, some of what we're doing is structural for that long-term as well. We talked about the structural capacity investments that we're making. I just mentioned the continued investment in R&D. So I don't see a sharp snap back because we've been pretty surgical about the cuts that we've made to make sure that we're not cutting the lifeline to future acceleration back to the growth that we talked about at Investor Day last year.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thanks, Blake. And maybe just a shorter term second question for the 2025 guidance. So just on the segment margin point, it's 19% for the year, I just wanted to check, was that the low to mid-teens margin comment for Q1? Was that a segment margin comment? And so you sort of and off that Q1 margin starting point, do we assume you sort of take the margin up 200 or 300 basis points sequentially each quarter to get to 19% for the year? Is that the right framework? And maybe in that context, Christian, just to clarify, I know you don't want to talk quarterly earnings, but have a different way maybe first half, let's say, I think first half is often 45% of EPS in recent years. Is it maybe sort of 40% or so this year?
Christian Rothe: Yes, Julian, thanks for the question. So as we think about that sequential as we go through the year, it should continue to improve. That was segment margins that we talked about in the first quarter. So yes, that low to mid-teens number that we, that I discussed was about the segment margin side. And yes, we do expect that that should ramp as the year goes on. In order to get to that 19%. I'm not really going to talk too much about first half, second half, but I do understand the math that you're doing there.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Christian Rothe: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joseph O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Hi. I wanted to start on intelligent devices and the outlook for the first quarter. We've actually seen revenue on a quarterly trend in 2024 in a pretty stable range and it looks like what you're outlining is that sequentially from 4Q to 1Q would be down like $120 million. So much larger than what we've seen over the course of 2024 swings. Can you just kind of elaborate on what you're seeing there, destock end market regions, just to understand the drivers of that, step down a little more?
Christian Rothe: Yes, so that step down, if you think about the fact that as we were going through the sequentials in 2024, each quarter there was some shipment of backlog that was happening. So the shipments were outstripping the incoming order rate during that period of time and on top of that, we do have some seasonal lows that are happening in the first quarter. So that's, that's a headwind for us in the first quarter and the configured order business is going to be off somewhat well in the first quarter.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. That's helpful. And then just in terms of any color around kind of end markets versus channel effects, when we think about inventory management over the course of 2024 in the channel, I think when we look at the combination of intelligent devices and Software & Control revenue down roughly $1 billion year-over-year. Just high level and any context on kind of end market versus destock contributions to that? Can we think about it as roughly a third of it could have been channel management versus end market trends? Anything there would be helpful.
Blake Moret: Yes, I don't know that I can quantify the relative split because they're interrelated because the velocity of your destock is dependent on end user demand pulling it out of the channel. But the first part of last year of 2024, the effects of just that overstock were more pronounced. The underlying end user to market, end user demand was actually positive, we think. And then towards the end of the year, as we talked about in the last couple of calls, some weakening spread in those end demands and we're at a point where I think it's really most informative to talk about the end user demand. Again, they're linked. There's a little bit of stock left in the channel but it goes as end user demand goes. And so that's really going to be the biggest item as we look at the development in the year. The biggest impact of that will be on the product centric vertical. So think about Automotive where most of our business is done through products going through distributors and some machine builders. Food & Beverage, where packaging is actually, a very large percentage of the total business going into Food & Beverage and that's a product type go to market in those cases. So that's where you see the most of it as opposed to for instance in Oil & Gas or Life Sciences where you have a higher percentage that comes from Digital Services & Engineered Solutions.
Joseph O'Dea: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks Joe.
Aijana Zellner: Julianne, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly our last question today will come from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Yes, thanks. Just a clarification on the guide. You called out some of the non-R&D investments but the nature of those sounded more like facility expansions. So just give us a bit more color on these investments and why they're OpEx versus CapEx?
Blake Moret: Yes, it's a mix and in some of these there's a mix of OpEx and CapEx as you said. Some of it is facilities expanding cubic to be able to manage the really strong growth in the data center portion of your business. We do have a new facility in India that's providing some additional resilience in the Asian region for us and then digital infrastructure within IT, as we make sure that for internal productivity as well as external productivity with our partners we've got a business system and digital services that is world-class. So those are some of the investments that we're making. We talked about them on the waterfall because of the OpEx portion but there's a little bit of CapEx for those as well.
Noah Kaye: That's helpful. Thanks Blake. See you in a couple weeks.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Zellner for closing remarks.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you for joining us today. That concludes today's conference call.
Operator: At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instruction] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2024 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. And with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we turn to our third quarter results, I'll make some initial comments. As we saw in Q2, operational performance continued to be strong in our third quarter, but order growth continued to ramp at a slower than expected pace. Our accelerated actions to bring costs in line with the lower outlook on current year orders contributed to the strong margin performance in the quarter, and we are well into the more comprehensive program to expand margins introduced during our Investor Day last November. We continue to expect savings of $100 million in the second half of this year from accelerated actions taken this fiscal year, which will create a good starting point for fiscal year 2025. Based on actions taken in the last 12 months, our worldwide headcount is down 6% since Q2, and most others who will be affected have been notified. We will see incremental savings of $120 million next year from these actions alone, plus a larger amount of additional savings from the more comprehensive program, as I'll discuss in a few minutes. We've announced our new CFO, Christian Roth, who starts in two weeks and is excited to begin. Christian brings a successful track record and will work with me and the rest of the team to combine market-beating growth and financial performance in a consistent longer-term model based on the targets introduced last November to create significant share owner value. Turning to specific results in the quarter, Q3 orders were up low single digits, both year-over-year and sequentially, with growth across all regions. However, while our distributors and machine builders are making progress on working down their excess inventory, their orders to us came in lower than expected in the quarter due to weaker end user demand. As a result, we are projecting a more gradual sequential order growth in Q4 and into fiscal year 2025 than we had previously expected. We had another quarter of strong execution with sales, margins, and EPS, all exceeding our expectations. Total and organic sales were down 8.4% versus prior year. Organic sales came in better than we expected, with strong backlog execution in our longer cycle businesses, including lifecycle services and the configured to order products in Intelligent Devices. Organic sales in our Intelligent Devices segment were down by about a point versus prior year. We continue to see a solid pipeline of projects across all product lines, including good opportunities involving Clearpath's auto mobile robots and cubic data center solutions. In software and control, organic sales declined over 31% year-over-year compared to 24% growth in Q3 of last year. Sales in this segment were still better than expected, driven by better Logix recovery as machine builders reduced their inventory. We also saw good growth in our software business, including both on-prem and cloud-native offerings. For example, in the quarter, we had over 150 new logos for a recently launched FactoryTalk optics portfolio. This reinforces the importance of continued investment in innovation and new product introduction as we continue to redeploy and prioritize our spend towards areas of highest growth and strategic importance. We've talked a lot about cost savings during this challenging year, but we're taking great care to preserve the investments that will enable us to continue to grow share. Lifecycle services had another strong quarter, with organic sales up over 11% year-over-year, driven by continued relative strength in process end markets and strong execution of our project backlog. Book-to-bill in this segment was 1.0. We did see some additional project delays, especially affecting our solutions orders. Some manufacturing customers are taking a pause in making large capacity investments as they deal with slower consumer demand, high interest rates, and policy uncertainty around tax tariffs and stimulus incentives. Even so, our customers are still investing in their operational resilience, reflected by continued double-digit sales growth of our recurring managed services. Total ARR for the company was up a strong 17% this quarter. Segment margin of 20.8% and adjusted EPS of $2.71 were well above our expectations. We're making good progress on driving productivity across the enterprise and we are seeing the benefits of these actions with over $40 million of savings in Q3 alone. Turning to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q3 industry segment performance. Last quarter we talked about some project delays and end user CapEx slowdown in parts of our business, namely automotive and food and beverage. We saw project delays across a broader group of industries this quarter, which will impact our end market performance through the end of the fiscal year. Sales in our discrete industries were down high single digits versus prior year, with declines in auto and semi being partially offset by year-over-year growth in warehouse automation. Within discrete, automotive sales declined high teens versus prior year. Brand owners are delaying more EV programs as they continue to reassess their product strategy in light of slower consumer adoption and policy uncertainty in the U.S. Semiconductor sales were down high teens. We continue to see delays in new capacity builds and the associated tooling, due in part to questions about the timing and certainty of CHIPS funding disbursements. E-commerce and warehouse automation sales grew high teens versus prior year, led by strong double-digit growth in North America. We continue to see a broad-based recovery at our end-user and machine builder customer segments. Moving to hybrid, sales in this industry segment were down mid-teens, driven by year-over-year declines in food and beverage and Life Sciences. Food and beverage sales decreased mid-teens in the quarter. Producers in certain segments of the food and beverage market, like baking and snacks, are seeing inflationary headwinds as consumers shift from high-end brands to more affordable labels. We're seeing less greenfield activity, but we do continue to see high demand for software and services that optimize processes to increase efficiency. Life Sciences sales were down high teens. Similar to food and beverage, customers and Life Sciences are prioritizing investments in their operational resilience and infrastructure. In the quarter, we had important wins with two leading pharmaceutical companies. The Life Sciences of Merck in Darmstadt, Germany, which operates in the U.S. and Canada as Millipore Sigma, selected Rockwell to assess the company's current plant infrastructure and help enhance the digital connectivity and cybersecurity resilience of operational assets. Another important Q3 win in Life Sciences was with AstraZeneca. Together with our partner, Claroty, we're helping the customer identify and monitor plan assets, detect threats, and integrate internal services and systems to provide a comprehensive global cyber platform for all of their OT environments. Process sales were mixed across the individual vertical markets. Overall, sales were about flat year-over-year with growth in oil and gas and mining offset by declines in chemicals and metals. Oil and gas sales grew low single digits this quarter. Within this segment, our Sensia JV sales grew double digits versus prior year with good growth in process automation and digital solutions offerings. And while we continue to win business in the energy transition space, we did see some North America project push outs tied to customers wanting to understand potential policy changes that may occur after the U.S. elections in November. In mining, our sales increased high single digits versus prior year. Our growth in the quarter was driven by continued double digit growth in Latin America. Here, Rockwell was chosen to integrate an end-to-end solution for Vale's new processing plant. As this customer looks to increase production capacity, reduce water consumption, and enhance cybersecurity infrastructure. This is a great example of how Rockwell brings our hardware, software, and services together to deliver differentiated value for our end users. Let's turn to Slide 5 and our Q3 organic regional sales. The Americas continue to outperform the rest of the world with North America sales flat year-over-year in the quarter and Latin America sales up almost 19%. EMEA sales were down 28% with continued macroeconomic challenges across Germany, Italy and France, impacting end user demand. Despite these headwinds, we continue to make progress with our European machine builders to gain share in the end user market. In the quarter, IMA Group, an Italian-based leader in designing and developing packaging machines, has sold over a dozen machines equipped with our Rockwell platform. By recognizing the technical advantage of our motion control capabilities, coupled with the time to market provided by our integrated architecture solution, their end user, who's based in Germany, is now looking to adopt Rockwell as its preferred choice in all future commissions. Asia Pacific sales declined 22%. In addition to continued inventory de-stocking and economic challenges in China, we saw incremental headwinds from EV battery project delays in Korea this quarter. Moving to Slide 6 for a fiscal 2024 outlook. While our orders are improving sequentially, they're progressing at a more gradual pace than we anticipated. We believe this is largely tied to a pause in new capacity investments as manufacturers focus on cost control and operational efficiency, waiting for a potential reduction in interest rates and broader U.S. policy changes. Therefore, we're reducing our fiscal year 2024 guidance to reflect this gradual pace of orders growth. Taking into account our order progression through early August, we now expect Q4 orders to be up low single digits sequentially. With that, we expect our organic sales to decline 10% for the year. We continue to expect acquisitions to contribute about a point and a half of growth, and we expect currency to be about neutral for the year. Total ARR is expected to grow about 15% and will exceed 10% of total Rockwell sales this year. We now expect our segment margin to be slightly over 19% for the year. While this represents about a 200 basis point decrease versus last year. It also shows the improving resilience of our business model. Adjusted EPS is slated to decline 21% versus prior year. We expect free cash flow conversion of 60%. Nick will cover this in more detail in his section. Before I turn the call over to Nick, I'd like to spend a few moments on Slide 7 to discuss the progress we're making in setting the foundation for long-term productivity and margin expansion. We already talked about the accelerated actions we're taking in the second half of this fiscal year to drive efficiency and scale across our entire company, and we remain committed to delivering $100 million of savings this year and $120 million of incremental savings in fiscal year 2025, mainly targeted at reducing our SG&A spend. We will continue to optimize our general and administrative spend through a targeted approach, although the majority of additional productivity and margin expansion will be realized as a result of reductions in our cost of sales. As you can see from this chart, we expect to save another $130 million in fiscal year 2025 through additional margin expansion and productivity projects bring our total fiscal year 2025 year-over-year savings to roughly $250 million. You can see the broad list of actions and programs that are underway to realize these targets. These productivity projects include savings in the areas of product cost, indirect material, purchase services, logistics, manufacturing workflow, make or buy decisions, portfolio optimization through SKU reduction, and price. We look forward to our new CFO, Christian Roth's additional perspective as we maximize the effectiveness of this program in fiscal year 2025 and preserve it as a foundational part of our operating model going forward, regardless of the top-line growth in any particular year. Let me now turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q3 performance and financial outlook for fiscal 2024. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 8, third quarter key financial information. Third quarter reported and organic sales were down 8.4% compared to last year. Acquisitions contributed 60 basis points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by 60 basis points. About 350 basis points of organic growth came from price this quarter. Segment operating margin was 20.8% compared to 21.1% a year ago. Margin performance in the quarter reflects lower sales volume and an unfavorable mix, largely offset by positive price cost, lower incentive compensation, and the benefits from cost reduction actions we announced on our last earnings call. Adjusted EPS of $2.71 was higher than expectations, driven by better revenue, mix, and savings from our cost actions. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter was 13.3%, benefiting from discrete tax items and below the prior year rate. Free cash flow was $238 million compared to $240 million in the prior year. Our lower year-over-year free cash flow generation in the quarter was driven by lower pretax income, but was mostly offset by lower working capital, which improved for the second consecutive quarter, but at a slower rate than anticipated. One additional item not shown on the slide. We repurchased approximately 600,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $160 million. On June 30th, $500 million remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Intelligent Devices margin increased to 20.2% compared to 16.8% a year ago. The increase from the prior year was driven by positive price cost, lower incentive compensation, and our cost reduction actions, partially offset by lower sales volume. Software and control margin of 23.6% decreased from 34.8% last year. The lower margin was driven by lower sales volume, partially offset by positive price cost, lower incentive compensation, and our cost reduction actions. As Blake mentioned earlier, software and control margin exceeded our expectations this quarter with better performance in Logix sales. Lifecycle Services margin of 19.3% more than doubled from the year ago margin of 9.3%. The margin performance was driven by lower incentive compensation, higher sales, continued strong project execution, and ongoing savings from the prior year structural actions. Lifecycle Services book-to-bill was 1.0. The next, Slide 10 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q3 fiscal 2023 to Q3 fiscal 2024. Core performance was down $0.80 on an 8.4% organic sales decline. The EPS decline was driven by lower volume and unfavorable mix and was partially offset by positive price cost. Cost reduction actions contributed 30 cents to the year-over-year increase. Incentive compensation was a 40-cent tailwind. This year-over-year increase reflects no projected bonus payout this year versus an above-target payout last year. The dilution impact from acquisitions was $0.10, and currency was a $0.15 headwind. Share count, interest expense, and tax were a combined $0.05 cent tailwind. Let's now move on to the next Slide, 11, guidance for fiscal 2024. We are lowering our guidance for fiscal 2024. We now expect reported sales to decline by about 8.5% and organic sales to decline 10%. As Blake mentioned earlier, we continue to expect acquisitions to add 150 basis points to growth. And we now expect currency to be neutral for the year on continued strength in the U.S. dollar. We continue to expect price to be a positive contributor for the year. We now expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 16%. We are lowering our adjusted EPS guidance to $9.60, down 21% year-over-year. With lower sales, our improvements in inventory days will be delayed, and we now expect to end fiscal year 2024 with 160 days of inventory. As a result, we expect full-year free cash flow conversion of about 60% of adjusted income. Our free cash flow conversion for the year also reflects several non-recurring headwinds, including our second half restructuring actions, the timing of our cash bonus payout, and tax payments for both the TCJA transition tax and our prior year PTC gain. From a top-line perspective, we expect flat sequential sales in Q4 in each of our business segments. Sequentially, we expect margins in Q4 to be about 100 basis points lower than in Q3. By segment, we expect our Q4 margin in Intelligent Devices to decline about 100 basis points, and Lifecycle Services margin to decline about 200 basis points sequentially. In both segments, we expect the decline to be driven by a less favorable mix. We expect margin in software and control to be similar to Q3. A few additional comments on fiscal 2024 guidance. Corporate and other expense is still expected to be around $130 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 114.5 million shares. We still expect to deploy between $600 million and $800 million to share repurchases during the year. Net interest expense for fiscal 2024 is now expected to be $140 million. Before I pass it on to Blake, I'd like to talk about how actions we're taking this year are going to benefit our results in fiscal 2025 and beyond. As you heard earlier, we expect our productivity and margin expansion actions to provide about $250 million in year-over-year benefit next year. These are expected to offset compensation headwinds next year, which includes merit increases and the reinstatement of incentive compensation. The $250 million in benefits is split about equally between improvements in gross margin and reductions in SG&A. We expect R&D spending next year to remain similar as a percentage of sales as we continue to invest in areas of highest growth. With my upcoming retirement, I'd like to thank Blake for this opportunity and to thank all of you for your engagement over the last several years. Thank you. With that, I'll turn it over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. This will be Nick's last earnings call with us. I'd like to thank him again for his commitment to Rockwell's mission over the last few years. He's working closely with Christian for a smooth transition, and we wish Nick and his family the very best in retirement. Christian will join me in leading the fourth quarter earnings call and Investor Day in November. As always, Investor Day takes place during our Annual Automation Fair. Last year, over 8,500 customers, distributors, partners, and investors joined us in Boston. Registration opens tomorrow for the 2024 event in Anaheim, California, which takes place during the week of November 18. This year, the fair offers an expanded four days of show floor access, showcasing major new hardware, software, and services offerings. Rockwell's technology portfolio, domain expertise, and unmatched ecosystem uniquely position us to help customers in our home market of North America and around the world. We look forward to seeing you in Anaheim in just over three months. Aijana, we will now begin the Q&A session.
A - Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. We'd like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Julian, let's take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, Blake and Nick and Aijana. Congrats, Nick, on your retirement…
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Nick Gangestad: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Davis: Hope we all keep in touch. But hey, guys, I hate to climb into minutiae, but just to kind of clarify the $250 million a little bit. Normally I think I recall your bonus pool something like $160 million ballpark. So would we think for 2025 something we wanted to model conservatively, would it be $160 million or so incentive comp that comes back and to kind of cut into a little bit of that $250 million or is the number bigger than that?
Nick Gangestad: Scott the $250 million is exactly as you said, as a year-over-year benefit from the productivity and cost safe margin actions we're taking. We expect the bonus expense next year if we're delivering to plan to be between $160 million and $170 million. Other things on top of that where I'm saying it's largely being the $250 million in total cost and margin benefits are being largely offset by bonus and other compensation. I'm including our anticipated merit increase for fiscal year 2025 which will round that out to about $250 million when I add in the bonus. Is that clear, Scott?
Scott Davis: Yes, that's clear. Thanks, Nick. And then when you guys -- I know you're not issuing your 2025 guidance and we still have a little time here, but when you think about incremental margins, let's just assume we get back to growth in 2025 on the easier comps. Would you expect incremental margins to be a little higher than they have been historically based on some of this kind of SKU rationalization, the other stuff that's on the -- on Slide 7, would that be a fair assumption to make guys?
Blake Moret: Scott, we’re -- that's certainly the objective is to increase the conversion on incremental revenue. Last November we talked about 35% and we said that that wasn't going to be dependent on mid-single digit top line growth. So a little bit more aggressive stance there. We'll hold off before talking about exactly what we expect in terms of core conversion, but you can bet that that's on our mind to increase the incremental conversion on revenue.
Scott Davis: Okay, fair enough. I'll pass it on. Thank you, guys.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks again, Nick.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, can you give us a little more color into your comment that you expect to see continued order growth sequentially and into next year, despite manufacturers taking a pause in adding capacity. Where does that confidence come from? Do distributors still expect to clear their channels in next quarter or two? How much in incremental orders could the end of de-stocking be versus maybe the $2 billion that you're guiding to for Q4? And how are you thinking about the order and revenue landscape in 2025? Do you think $2 billion is a quarterly trough that Rockwell bounce off of?
Blake Moret: Sure. Andy, for a little bit of context, we have talked in the third quarter about expecting mid-single digit sequential order growth. We've seen sequential order growth through the year, and we said, because we were continuing to see the impact of excess inventories at distributors and machine builders that was going to yield mid-single digit order growth. As that kind of merges with some weakening in end markets, that's where we saw the low single digit sequential orders growth in Q3. And we think that that continues. So rather than a one or two quarter sharper bounce back, We think this is going to continue to be a gradual recovery. Inventories are depleting, both at our distributors and our machine builders. But we have seen some weaker conditions in end markets. And I would characterize that in a couple of buckets. You see a couple that are affected by consumer demand, such as automotive, as consumers are going a little slower in a rush to EV. And you also see it in food and beverage and home and personal care. We see consumers, and you've heard this from the brand owners themselves, are going a little bit down brand as they're being more discriminating on what they pay for packaged goods. Then you also see some pressure based on policy uncertainty going forward. I would say semiconductor and questions about the disbursement of CHIPS and Science Act funds are weighing on semi manufacturers and then an energy transition. So in those broad buckets, that tempers our view on the good side, on the tailwind side, as we go into next year, we're going to be lapping some of the quarters that had the most significant -- that were more significantly impacted in this fiscal year by inventory. And there'll certainly be a lot less inventory at distributors and machine builders in Q1 of fiscal year 2025, for instance, than there was in Q1 of fiscal year 2024.
Andy Kaplowitz: It's helpful. And, Nick, last quarter you suggested, I think, that two-thirds of your cost out program this year would be in Q4 and one-third in Q3. So it's a little strange to see that you're estimating lower margin in Q4 versus Q3 just based on mix in Intelligent Devices and Lifecycle Services. So maybe just give us a little more color on how the cost program this year is divided between Q3 and Q4. And then the comments on Logix getting better. Do we see Logix continue to get better from here in Q4?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, a couple things there, Andy. First of all, the mix between Q3 and Q4 on the $100 million of cost savings that we're expecting, that's shifted a little. I earlier had said one-third, two-thirds, it's now more like 40-60 between Q3 and Q4. We got some good progress in Q3, a little ahead, moving some of those actions earlier. So the differential isn't quite as big between Q3 and Q4 as what we thought three months ago. Now moving into margin and what we're expecting going into Q4 for margin. We had some things noticeably impact our margin better than what we were expecting in Q3. Primarily we guided in Q3 that we expected our -- in our software and control business, we expected a sequential decline of 20%, which would have -- what we said on our last call is that, we thought that would bring our margins in software and control down to the mid-teens. With the strength in the Logix, orders and sales that we saw in Q3, that did not materialize to that level. It ended up, rather than software and control being down 20%, it was down 10%. And that extra revenue and the mixed benefit that brings help boost the margins in software and control much higher than what we were estimating. And that's the primary driver of our over performance of margin in Q3. Now into Q4, we will be getting the benefit of these additional cost actions. In software and control, we don't see an additional ramp up happening in Q4 for our Logix sales. We think that'll be very, very similar to what we saw in Q3. In fact, we think what we saw in Q3 is going to be almost a carbon copy into Q4 from a revenue standpoint, from a margin standpoint for software and control. Intelligent Devices and Lifecycle Services, we expect for both of those a sequential decline. We had some -- both of those businesses had some favorable mix. Driven by, in Q3, we see some of that mix reversing into Q4. And in Lifecycle services, it's part of our customer and project mix that was very beneficial to us in Q3. We think that'll abate some in Q4 and why we see margins going down a couple hundred basis points sequentially. Still part of a more than doubling the margin for the full year than what we saw last year. And then Intelligent Devices, we see about 100 basis point drop in margin. That is also driven by some of our product and project mix there.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you, good morning. Good luck, Nick.
Nick Gangestad: Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Maybe the term normal is sort of hard to use here at all. But if we look at Q4 revenues flat, I don’t know, maybe up slightly sequentially, my words, you said flat. That looks like kind of a -- sort of a pre-COVID normal pattern. As we all -- the biggest task of us analysts here this morning, right, is to get in front of your 2025 guide and make an educated guess, I think as you well understand. I mean, how would you view this Q4 2025 jumping off point in the context of what has been historically normal? And how should that inform our view of 2025?
Blake Moret: Jeff, I'll offer some comments on that. I think to start with, what is largely back to normal is orders and sales of our products kind of coming back right on top of each other. So getting back to historical pre-COVID levels of book-and-bill. When you get an order for a drive or a Logix controller in the quarter, being able to ship it down and recognize the revenue in the same quarter. Back to very high percentage conversion, operational performance is good. Customers are looking for that material in about the same time frame that they were previously. So that's really good news and puts orders and shipments back very similar from quarter-to-quarter in terms of products. As we look at next year, we're going to be lapping some extremely low order rates. And so, beginning with the fourth quarter, as we start thinking about year-over-year rates again, you're going to see some big numbers in the fourth quarter and likely going into next year. And we do see continued investment. We talked about project delays, but we're winning projects as well. We are seeing the impact of higher than traditional levels of investment, despite the uncertainty for North American manufacturing plant. So I think looking at Q4 as a jumping off point is inevitable, but as we said, we expect continued gradual sequential increases into next year and then we'll certainly be given a lot more detail in November.
Jeff Sprague: Yes, right. But so putting the order comps aside, right, if book-and-bill are kind of linked up and they're still channel inventory, we should have some quarters for the year of your order comps look good, but kind of sequential revenue patterns don't sound like we should expect anything too unusual. And perhaps there's even, I don't know, some risk if the economy ends up getting weaker here than we anticipate.
Blake Moret: There's certainly risk with that, Jeff, but there's also the amount of business that we didn't ship in the beginning of the year because there was inventory sitting at distributors and that was a meaningful number throughout the year and it's far less as we move into next year. So you get some tailwind from that.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you very much.
Blake Moret: Yep. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you. This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew. On that point about de-stocking, it sounds as though you are mainly done with it in North America. How's the visibility for regions outside of there?
Blake Moret: Yes, so our visibility into distributor stock is very clear for the distributors on our DMI program, which is 100% of the distributors in North America. And it's not all the way gone, but the vast majority of it has dissipated there. We see continuing stubborn inventory in China, and we'll call that out, and that's going to take a little while to get to the bottom of that, because if you think about it, what paces those inventory levels has a lot to do with the end market demand. And so, if that is weaker, then it's going to take longer to burn through that stock sitting on distributor shelves. But we have very clear visibility in the US where the vast majority of our business goes through distribution. I painted the picture in China and then we have a higher amount of direct business with machine builders in Europe, there it's basically talking with them about what their levels are. And we have consistent questions that we review with them on a monthly basis. We're confident it continues to go down, but it's not all the way there yet.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you. And then a quick follow-up on Lifecycle Services margins, if we take a third quarter and what you're expecting for fourth quarter, would you expect margin progression from that sort of blended second half margin as you go and continue to add volumes?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, our Lifecycle Services margin -- thanks for pointing that out. It certainly has been a noticeable improvement over fiscal year 2023 with our margins for the -- our estimate for the full year of more than doubling. A portion of that year-on-year improvement in the margin and in the margin you're seeing is coming from the absence of any kind of bonus or incentive compensation this year. The majority of our improvement is coming through better profitability in our Sensia joint venture. It's coming through structural productivity that we set in place late last year. It's coming through better project execution. Those aspects we think that will continue to build into fiscal year 2025. But I just will point out that the benefit from the incentive compensation, we expect that not to be repeated into fiscal year 2025. If incentive compensation were paid as per the plan, that would have reduced life cycle services margin for the full year by approximately 200 basis points.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and good luck, Nick. So obviously, good news that sell-in to distribution is sort of being matched by order rates, et cetera. But any color in terms of how the sell through from distributors into their customers is tracking for Rockwell products? I think that the message has been that distributors have been cutting inventory levels. It seems like the actual end user demand is weaker for the reasons you cited. So I'm just curious how your intelligence on days of inventory on hand, on shelves, has been tracking through the quarter. And then just maybe just talk about how you've seen this progressing into FY 2025? I know, Jeff, had a crack at 2025, but do you think that we're still in the status now until we get past the election?
Blake Moret: So a couple of comments, and then I think Nick may provide some additional color. In the quarter, inventory reduced nicely at distributors. So tracking that, as I mentioned before, pretty explicitly with our DMI program, being able to look at the high runners, the A items, as well as the B and the C items, we saw an overall reduction of the inventory levels and through that -- first part of the year we saw positive year-over-year growth in shipments coming out of our distributors to the end users. So as we talked to them, they have been having a reasonably good year as they're shipping out, particularly to those end users where they're not dealing with higher stock at the machine builders.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Nigel, a couple things to add. One is, yes, we do track the amount of new orders being placed on our distributors. And what we see there is, we are seeing that continuing to go up. But part of what we're highlighting in our revised estimate for Q4 is we're not seeing go up at the pace that we were expecting, implying that the end demand is not as robust as what we were thinking three months ago. And then in terms of your question about added visibility into 2025, I'm sure you were asking more about revenue, but I will just add from a margin perspective, what are some of the headwinds and tailwinds we're thinking about for margin next year? The headwinds we've talked about of compensation, both the bonus and our annual merit increase, and we expect to continue investments in new products and digital offerings. Tailwinds that we expect in our margin next year. That $250 million of margin expansion and cost reduction actions we think will be -- we know will be benefiting margin next year. We continue to expect positive price cost next year and then we expect continued margin improvement from our recent acquisitions in the last two or three and that coupled with, right now what's anticipated, no new M&A, we think that will also be marginally enhancing for us in 2025.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's great color, Nick, just a quick one on M&A contribution for the quarter. Came in quite a bit lighter than what we were looking for. Just wondering if there's any seasonality or timing of shipments we should bear in mind then?
Blake Moret: Yes, I mean the biggest contributor to the M&A this year is Clearpath and the mobile robots. That's project business. I mean those are fairly expensive sales. And so, it's going to be lumpy through the year. We're seeing very strong year-over-year growth overall for that business, but it's going to move around a little bit from month-to-month and quarter to quarter. We remain very optimistic and proud of the accomplishments of that acquisition as well as the verb on the cybersecurity side.
Nigel Coe: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe I just wanted to start off with inventories, but more around your own inventories than perhaps the customer level. I think your own inventories are only about 8% off the sort of all-time highs and sales in the current quarter look like they're maybe 20% off the year ago level. So I'm curious why your customers and distributors it seems have got inventories down a lot but you haven't. So I'm trying to understand why there's been that discrepancy or disconnect. And sort of allied to that, often I think at Rockwell and others when you get a sales shortfall, you get super normal free cash flow conversion, but for you we're getting cash conversion guide coming down with the revenue guide coming down. So that's just very unusual for this kind of business model. So maybe any sort of highlights around that please.
Nick Gangestad: Sure, Julian. Thanks for asking. So from an inventory standpoint, given where we have been in the last 2.5 years in terms of ensuring that our customers are getting the products they need. We have been very focused on making sure that we have the stock we need in place to be meeting our customers' requirements. As we went through the – our plans for fiscal year 2024, as we went through the year, is that we expected that in the second half of this year we would be seeing increased demand on us depleting quite a bit of that excess inventory that we ourselves are holding. As we're seeing the demand on us not having that ramp up, but more of this gradual increase that we're talking about, that's leaving us with noticeably more inventory in terms of days of inventory at the end of our fiscal year than what we were estimating earlier in the year or even three months ago. And that's the most significant part of our cash conversion story. In terms of our prior guide of 80% now bringing it down to 60%, we've known all along we have these one-time non-recurring headwinds, things like our extra tax payments that we'd be doing well in excess of our tax expense. We also knew that we'd be having the cash payments for our restructuring actions. So those things are contemplated as part of that 80%, but we were also counting on a noticeable roll down in that working capital and inventory in the second half of the year. And while it's still going to come down in the second half of the year, it's not going to come down nearly at the pace. That's really going to be more of a 2025 development for us.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you. And maybe just one follow-up on the broader demand environment. So it seems as sort of a couple of things happening. I think one is, Blake, as you mentioned, sort of orders sequentially are improving. So the overall backdrop sequentially looks a little bit better as we move along. But you also highlighted CapEx reductions at customers and project delays, which I suppose is something new versus say six months ago when the talk was only about destocking headwinds of inventory. So it seems we've moved sort of seamlessly from de-stock into CapEx cuts. Just wondered sort of when did those CapEx cuts start to become evident to you in earnest? And any kind of thoughts around demand cadence in the last month or two in general?
Blake Moret: Yes, so we did talk in the last quarter about some weaker CapEx spend, particularly in food and beverage and auto, around new capacity. We indicated that while, for instance, food and beverage customers are still investing in resilience and efficiency, they're pausing new capacity. And similarly -- and I think the well-read theme of EV slowing down a bit as well. We're still seeing projects and behavior that we would characterize as delays, push outs, but not cancellations. And we certainly hope that it doesn't move to that. We're watching it. We're taking a clear-eyed view of what's happening out there. But people are pushing for some of the reasons I mentioned before, as we said, looking at consumer demand, interest rates, and then some policy uncertainty. It doesn't all just stop until the elections, for instance. So we're going to see major projects that are awarded this quarter that are coming from customers across a variety of industries, but not at the pace that we would have thought, say, three or four months ago. And you're right. The dominant theme for the first part of this year was the inventory issue at distributors and machine builders. And now, as that dissipates, we're seeing some pause in capital spend in manufacturing.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. So I'll just bundle a couple of questions here to keep it moving. First, can we actually quantify the revenue impact of the inventory de-stocking in the channel as contemplated in full year guidance. What is the actual revenue headwinds, just so we can level set for next year? And two, thinking about sort of the routability of the cost actions benefiting the P&L. When we get the reinstatement of bonus comp and merit increases, presumably those are fairly rattleable throughout next year, quarterly. Should we think about the same for the cost actions that you're announcing today?
Blake Moret: So I'll take the first one and then Nick will chime in on the calendarization of the cost actions. We haven't given a specific figure in terms of the inventory at distribution and machine builders, but it's hundreds of millions of dollars. And it's a larger factor, as I've said before, than some of the investments that we've seen in North America. So it's a bigger number than the business on the good side that's been won this year based on investment in North America. It's dissipating, we're seeing a smaller contribution in each quarter, but it's been stubborn. And as we said, we expect that there's not going to be one month all clear where suddenly it's gone. And that's why we say gradual sequential improvement in orders in this quarter and then into next year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. And then, Noah, as far as the quarterization or calendarization of the benefits of that $250 million. Well, first let me say, you are correct about the bonus, that that will be like largely equal throughout the four quarters of fiscal year 2025. But in terms of the calendarization, of course, we'll add that kind of information in the November meeting for more detail. That said, what I can tell you is the restructuring benefits are more front half loaded, the things that we started in Q3, whereas those additional margin expansion benefits that we talked about that go on top of that, that is more second half loaded. But the actual calendarization of all of this, we'll share more of that in November.
Noah Kaye: Very helpful on both fronts. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yep, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Steve.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Nick, I guess for the second time, thanks for all the help and congrats. I just wanted to make sure I understood the bridge items for next year. So you're basically saying that next year is relatively clean when it comes to all these moving parts. I guess, he didn't talk about growth investments, but I would assume you kind of toggle those with the volume picture. So can you just clarify if there is anything else outside of those, the $250 million and then the merit and incentive comp, anything we're missing?
Blake Moret: So I'll start with the general comment and then Nick can add detail. But you're right, Steve. The productivity that we're looking at, the combination of the actions that were primarily reductions in force on the second half of this year, and the items in the more comprehensive program offsets the headwinds from compensation into next year. We expect our R&D spend, which is part of that overall operating spend. If you add R&D and SG&A together, that's our operating spend. And we expect R&D to be roughly similar as a percentage of sales next year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, and I think what I'll add to that, this $250 million that we're projecting for next year, that is roughly half of that that we see as benefiting gross margin and roughly half of that that we see reducing our SG&A spending. We're striving to keep our ongoing investments in R&D in light of the opportunities we see there as a percent of revenue relatively flat.
Steve Tusa: Right, but basically, like, whatever I want to assume on volume is what the picture is as far as earnings drop through is concerned. Like, simple as that, it sounds like. There aren't too many other bridge items.
Nick Gangestad: Yeah The five I shared on Nigel’s question, those are big five there.
Steve Tusa: Yes, okay. And then just one last question for you. I mean, so it sounds like you overproduced a bit, I’m sure you have the benefit of that offset obviously by the negative mix. As you take inventory down next year do we look at the drop through on whatever volumes we assume is being neutral to positive on mix, because that should be a little bit more normal, but then you obviously get hit with the overproduction, so it's still kind of that into that more normal like 35% range for you guys?
Blake Moret: Talk a little bit more about what you mean by overproduction, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just your inventories are up, right? So there's -- you overproduced relative to what the shipments were, just with inventories up. Or am I wrong about that?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, in the last two or three quarters, it's -- Steve, it's -- the inventory is in both the last two quarters not going up. They're just not coming down as fast as we thought. And we think that pace of it coming down will accelerate in 2025. But in terms of volume in our factories, in terms of a negative headwind from underutilization in 2025 versus 2024, we don't anticipate that's a material impact on fiscal year 2025.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks all for the color, as always, and enjoy retirement, Nick. Thanks.
Nick Gangestad: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning guys. And Nick, wish you the best in retirement. Thanks for everything.
Nick Gangestad: Thanks, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Yeah, my first question, and I know, look, we're all trying to figure out 2025, and I know that your business is fairly short cycle. But if I look at some of your two -- like your two biggest end markets being food and beverage and auto, this year you're going to be coming up against maybe one more tough comp in the fourth quarter. I guess Blake, as you kind of think through the conversations you're having with your customers and the environment that we're in, is there a scenario where you don't grow in 2025 and what's the realistic expectation going forward?
Blake Moret: Joe, I'm going to stay away from bigger than a bread box type of dimensioning for next year. But the customers we're talking to, including in automotive and food and beverage, are continuing to make investments in those areas. We look at not just potential capacity that they're adding, but it's about resilience, efficiency in existing facilities. It's one of the things that excites us about the mobile robots, for instance, is that -- most of that's going into existing facilities. So customers, just like Rockwell, are working on their efficiency and their cost, regardless of what's going on in the external environment. And we're really well prepared to address that. So I mentioned before, as we start getting into -- back into year-over-year growth in orders, we'll characterize what that means for shipments into the next year, but I'm very confident with our position.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe lastly, just a near-term question as we think about the fourth quarter. In the Intelligent Devices segment, it seems like historically we've seen this uptick in the fourth quarter on revenue. It seems like you guys are implying that that business is going to be down a bunch. If any color around that would be helpful for 4Q.
Nick Gangestad: Joe, we're implying that Intelligent Devices revenue will be almost exactly the same sequentially between Q3 and Q4. It's not -- we're not expecting a noticeable uptick or downtick sequentially in intelligent devices revenue.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, just not the typical seasonal uptick that you would normally see [indiscernible]?
Nick Gangestad: Not a seasonal uptick there.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. All right. Thank you both.
Aijana Zellner: Julianne, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly, Aijana. Our last question will come from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, thanks for fitting me in. I wanted to start on the -- Hi. I wanted to start on the margin expansion and productivity in terms of: one, understanding the structural versus temporary components of this; and then two, just in terms of understanding the breadth of it. Obviously, a lot of different elements all rolling up to the savings here. And so just the genesis of this and how these opportunities have developed over time in terms of greater manufacturing efficiency or sourcing efficiency or SG&A efficiency. It seems like there's a lot out there. And so just kind of understanding how that opportunity came to be.
Blake Moret: Sure, Joe, broadly, we've spent a lot of the last few years adding some capabilities that I felt we needed to move faster in, things like software capability, high-value services like cybersecurity, and some particular technologies like mobile robots, independent car technology, industrial PCs. At the same time, we've been playing a lot of defense with COVID, with supply chain volatility that has introduced inevitably some inefficiencies into our own processes. And so for several reasons, now is the time to integrate the parts, to bring together the things that we built and bought over the last few years, and to drive out some of the inefficiency that's built up with programs like this. And it necessarily involves headcount reduction, as well as actions aimed at reducing our cost of goods sold. And so it's a broad-based approach that will yield benefits in this year as we talked about into next year. But then it gets rolled into a continuous operating model of continuous improvement that continues to drive these costs out and be vigilant to make sure that new costs don't creep in. The benefits, of course, are for an investor standpoint, expanding margins to go with the higher growth levels. For customers, there's also a benefit. Things that we're doing to reduce that long tail of SKUs can actually increase customer service for the more frequently bought items. And when we reduce the cost of goods sold, we have the opportunity to be even more competitive on the projects that we choose to go after. So for a variety of reasons, integrating the parts and driving inefficiency out is the right time in our journey to introduce this as we started last November at Investor Day and will certainly be given more of an update in just a few months.
Joe O'Dea: And so primarily structural in terms of how we think about the cost coming out?
Blake Moret: Yes, it is primarily structural. These aren't one-time things to address a particular year. The idea is that, the savings that we're making, the costs that we're reducing persist regardless of what the top line growth is going to be.
Joe O'Dea: And then just one more on demand. I know a lot of focus on that already, but just trying to understand the past few months. When we look at the end market expectations, I think things came down in nearly every end market relative to three months ago. And so, trying to understand the degree to which things have gotten worse versus the degree to which things just aren't getting better quite as fast as you expected.
Blake Moret: Yes, I think that latter is probably the best way to characterize it. We've seen sequential order growth quarter-on-quarter through the year and we expect it again in the fourth quarter and into next year, but it's at a more gradual pace.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Aijana Zellner: All right. Thank you for joining us today, everyone. That concludes today's conference call.
Operator: At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead. 
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO.
 Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call.
 Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings.  
 So with that, I'll hand it over to Blake. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we turn to our second quarter results on Slide 3, I'll make some initial comments. At a high level, our performance in Q2 was good, but I am not happy with the reduced guidance for the full year. The impact of high inventory levels at machine builders is larger than we expected. Orders are still expected to return to year-over-year growth in Q3 and continued to increase during the year, but the slower ramp is impacting shipments for the second half.
 Consequently, here's what we are doing. We are accelerating actions to bring costs in line with the revised outlook on current year orders, aligned with the more comprehensive program to expand margins introduced during our Investor Day in November. We will save $100 million in the second half of this year from accelerated actions being taken now, creating a beneficial starting point for fiscal year '25. We will see incremental savings of $120 million next year from these actions alone plus a larger amount of additional savings from the more comprehensive program targeting sourcing, manufacturing and SG&A. And we will provide a more detailed view of this program on our next earnings call. 
 We are improving our forecasting with new perspectives on the team, processes that include a deeper analysis of channel information and better decision support technology. I'm optimistic about our position when we exit fiscal year '24, regardless of next year's growth for several reasons. 
 Rockwell has built an unmatched portfolio to meet the world's growing need for smart manufacturing. Our home market, North America is expected to grow faster than the worldwide PAM. We are winning major new business today with both our traditional offerings and new sources of value across discrete, hybrid and process industries. As we couple this with our focus on margin expansion through cost discipline, operational excellence and organic growth, we will achieve the longer-range targets introduced in November and create significant shareowner value.
 Turning to the quarter. As we indicate on Slide 3, we returned to good operational performance in the second quarter with both organic sales and adjusted EPS above our expectations. Sales of product, configured-to-order offerings, Software and Lifecycle Services were all at or above our forecast. In products, we converted incoming orders at a much higher level than in Q1, and we now have sufficient mix of safety stock in place to convert orders at the current level or higher through the balance of the fiscal year. 
 We are essentially back to booking and billing product orders in the quarter they are received at pre-pandemic conversion rates. Our orders were up low double digits sequentially. With continued recovery across all business segments and regions, North America had the highest sequential increase in the quarter. Year-over-year, total sales were down 6.5% in the quarter based on an organic sales decline of 8% and 1.5 points of acquisition growth. 
 In our Intelligent Devices segment, organic sales declined about 7.5% year-over-year. I'm pleased with our execution to meet our shipping commitments and build safety stock in the quarter for these products. We also continue to see strong performance from our recent Clearpath acquisition, with sales of autonomous mobile robots contributing almost 2.5 points to ITD growth in the quarter.  
 One notable Clearpath win this quarter was with the [ Hershey ] Company. The Hershey Company continues to advance digital capabilities to enhance agility and efficiency across its operations, including supply chain and manufacturing processes. As part of their efforts, Hershey has selected Auto Motors technology to improve productivity in both fulfillment and manufacturing operations. Q2 margin performance for Clearpath was also better than expected.
 Software & Control organic sales were down 23% versus prior year, largely as we expected. As you know, this segment is significantly impacted by difficult year-over-year comparables in our Logix business. In Q2 of last year, we had 42% growth in Software & Control. There are particularly high levels of these products in inventory at our machine builders. Despite this temporary correction, we are gaining Logix share and winning new business across our software and hardware offerings. 
 I'm proud of the vitality of our product development here, demonstrated by recent organic product launches and partnerships with Microsoft and NVIDIA that are focused on specific customer use cases, especially those that will benefit from simulation and simplification using artificial intelligence. These partners recognize that machines and manufacturing processes represent an enormous largely untapped source of data, and petabytes of this data flow through our controllers. They also know we have the manufacturing domain expertise to select the best use cases for their technology. 
 Lifecycle Services organic sales grew over 12% year-over-year and continue to outperform our expectations driven by strong process end markets. Book-to-bill in this segment was 1.07, led by good order growth in our solutions and Sensia businesses. Our Sensia JV saw another quarter of over 25% year-over-year sales growth in Q2. The Lifecycle Services segment also continues to contribute strong growth from our high-value services, including cybersecurity, which saw orders growth of almost 50% in the quarter. We are making substantial progress to expand Lifecycle Services margin. We saw 16% margin in this quarter, and we're not done working on the performance of this business segment. 
 Total ARR was up 20% again this quarter. We continue to see strong profitable recurring growth from both high-value services and software. Rockwell segment margin was 19%. This would have been about 17% without the reversal of the bonus accrual we recorded in the quarter. Adjusted EPS of $2.50 was above our expectations even after adjusting for the reversal of the bonus accrual. Nick will cover this in more detail later on the call. 
 Let's now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q2 industry segment performance. Sales in our discrete industries were down high teens versus prior year. The impact of high product inventory levels in the channel are most pronounced in our discrete and hybrid industry segments. Automotive, e-commerce and other warehouse automation sales were all impacted. Within discrete, automotive sales were down 20%. Much of this year-over-year weakness is driven by excess product inventory in our channel. However, we're also starting to see some impact on our fiscal '24 sales as customers take time to reevaluate the timing of their EV investments. While we are not seeing any EV or battery project cancellations, we are seeing pushouts of certain production start dates. 
 As we've mentioned, given our strong installed base and expanded portfolio, Rockwell is well positioned with automotive customers, whether they are investing in electric vehicles or adding more hybrid options in the near term. They are all interested in increasing efficiency. In addition to our traditional sources of value, Clearpath autonomous mobile robots helped us secure over half a dozen wins with major brand owners and Tier 1 suppliers this quarter. Semiconductor sales declined 25% year-over-year with continued geopolitical pressures and a temporary oversupply of legacy chips weighing on semi customers' CapEx investments. 
 Our sales in e-commerce and warehouse automation were down high teens this quarter. We did see an improvement in sequential growth and increased our full year sales outlook. We're rebuilding a strong warehouse pipeline with traditional retailers and global shipping and logistics customers.
 Turning to our hybrid sales. This industry segment was down mid-teens year-over-year. The weakness in this industry segment was led by food and beverage and home and personal care. Food and beverage sales declined 20% in the quarter, driven by slower activity at our packaging OEMs, who are still working through their excess inventory. There are also some signs of slower end user CapEx spend. Food and beverage end users are continuing to fund capacity expansion in emerging markets, like India and Southeast Asia, and modernization and resilience projects across their existing facilities. We had wins in the quarter, including the AMR project I mentioned earlier and cybersecurity projects at new customers.
 Life Sciences sales were down high single digits. Results in the quarter were mainly driven by project delays, especially in China. Outside of that region, we continue to expand our installed base with newer software and hardware offerings. One example of new value in this vertical was an important Q2 order with an innovative contract manufacturer, National Resilience, who selected Clearpath to provide a comprehensive AMR solution as they bring cell and gene therapies to market.
 Moving to Process. Our sales here grew high single digits year-over-year, supported by continued strength in oil and gas and mining. Oil and gas sales were up over 20% this quarter with continued momentum in energy transition projects. In Q2, we secured multiple decarbonization projects, including applications for carbon capture, storage and hydrogen. 
 Let's turn to Slide 5 and our Q2 organic regional sales. The Americas continued to be our strongest region this year, with Latin America growing 8% versus prior year and North America organic sales down about 4% in the quarter. EMEA sales decreased 19% due to high machine builder inventory in Germany and Italy, particularly in consumer packaged goods. Asia Pacific sales declined 17% in the quarter, with sales in China down almost 30% versus prior year. We expect a combination of weaker market conditions and slower distributor destocking to continue to impact our China performance through the balance of this fiscal year.
 Moving to Slide 6 for our fiscal 2024 outlook. As I mentioned at an investor conference in March, while orders continue to increase sequentially from the trough in Q4 of last fiscal year, we have not yet seen the acceleration we expect once distributors and machine builders work through their excess inventory. The result is that some of the demand they are seeing does not translate to an equal amount of orders placed on Rockwell. I also said that if the pace of orders continued on its current trajectory, we would expect our full year 2024 financial results to track closer to the low end of both our organic growth and EPS range. 
 Since then, we've seen lower-than-expected order activity. While distributors and machine builders are continuing to work through their excess inventory, we have underestimated the amount of overstock at our machine builders. Based on information received directly from our largest machine builders, our downward revision is based largely on the size of their inventory and the expected pace of the reduction resulting in a slower ramp of orders in the fiscal year. 
 Again, we do expect to return to year-over-year growth in orders for the third quarter, and our updated forecast still implies sequential order growth in Q3 and Q4. We believe we are taking share in our major product lines globally and in the U.S. North America is our strongest market, and we are starting to see an increased order impact from customer mega projects as the year progresses. We now expect our full year orders to be down low single digits versus prior year. 
 Based on our performance to date and the lower-than-expected order ramp, we are revising our fiscal '24 sales guidance range with organic sales projected to decline 7% at the midpoint, and we continue to expect acquisitions to contribute 1.5 points of growth. ARR is still expected to grow about 15%. Segment margin of 20% is now expected to decline versus prior year, which still implies an increase in the second half and specifically in fiscal Q4, driven by higher volume and the accelerated cost down actions I mentioned earlier. Nick will share additional detail in his section. Adjusted EPS is slated to decrease 13% year-over-year at the midpoint. 
 We are increasing planned share repurchases to roughly double our original plan for the year, and we expect free cash flow conversion of 80%. This is a reduction from our prior guide, and Nick will cover this in more detail later. The reduced guide for the fiscal year only strengthens our commitment to building a strong foundation for future growth and profitability. The company-wide program to comprehensively take cost out of our products and operations will positively impact our results next year. Savings will be used to expand margins and reinvest to drive future growth. We will provide additional detail no later than the Q3 earnings call. Our intention is to manage our business segments for consistent forecastable performance. 
 You've also seen the announcement of Nick's upcoming retirement. A search has been underway, and we expect to announce a new CFO in the coming months. Nick will be fully engaged in the transition to his successor. And he will now provide more detail on our Q2 performance and financial outlook for fiscal '24. 
 Nick? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. Although my family and I are excited about what comes next in retirement, my continued focus is on delivering our plans for this year and ensuring a smooth, seamless transition to a new CFO. 
 I I'll start on Slide 7, second quarter key financial information. Second quarter reported sales were down 6.6% compared to last year. Q2 organic sales were down 8.1%, and acquisitions contributed 140 basis points to total growth. Currency translation increased sales by 10 basis points and about 150 basis points of our organic growth came from price, in line with our projections. Segment operating margin was 19% compared to 21.3% a year ago. This 230 basis point decrease reflects lower sales volume, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. 
 Adjusted EPS of $2.50 was higher than expectations. Given our lowered outlook for fiscal '24, we did not accrue any bonus expense in Q2, and we reversed the prior quarter bonus accrual. This resulted in a total adjusted EPS benefit of approximately $0.30 in the quarter. Even without the bonus impact, our Q2 adjusted EPS was ahead of our expectation due to better-than-expected conversion of incoming orders into sales. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide.
 Adjusted effective tax rate for the second quarter was 14.8% below the prior year rate. Free cash flow was $69 million compared to $156 million in the prior year. Our lower year-over-year free cash flow generation in the quarter was driven by lower pretax income and higher tax payments, partially offset by decreases in working capital. The increased tax payments relate to our gain on our sale of PTC shares in fiscal year '23 and our payments on the 2018 TCJA transition tax. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased approximately 700,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $195 million.
 On March 31, $600 million remained available under our repurchase authorization. 
 Slide 8 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our 3 operating segments. Intelligent Devices margin decreased to 16.5% compared to 20.2% a year ago. The decrease from the prior year was driven by lower sales volume and unfavorable mix, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. Higher sequential margin was driven by better volume and lower incentive compensation, partially offset by mix. Software & Control margin of 25.7% decreased from 33.6% last year. The lower margin was driven by lower sales volume, partially offset by lower incentive compensation, positive price cost and favorable mix, driven by higher software sales. Higher sequential margin was driven by lower incentive compensation, partially offset by lower volume. 
 Lifecycle Services margin of 16.6% tripled from a year ago margin of 5.5%. The margin performance was driven by lower incentive compensation, higher sales and higher margins in Sensia. Higher sequential margin was driven by volume, lower incentive compensation and ongoing improvements in productivity. Lifecycle Services book-to-bill was 1.07, indicating continued strength in underlying demand.
 The next Slide 9 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q2 fiscal '23 to Q2 fiscal '24. Core performance was down $1.15 on an 8% organic sales decline. The EPS decline was driven by lower volume and unfavorable mix and was partially offset by positive price/cost. Incentive compensation was a $0.55 tailwind. This year-over-year improvement reflects no projected bonus payout this year versus an above-target payout last year. The dilution impact from acquisitions was neutral due to better-than-expected profitability in Clearpath and Verve. The year-over-year impact from tax was a $0.10 tailwind. 
 Let's now move on to the next Slide 10, guidance for fiscal '24. We are lowering our guidance for fiscal '24. We now expect reported sales to decline in the range of negative 6% to negative 4% and organic sales to decline in the range of negative 8% to negative 6%. As Blake mentioned earlier, we continue to expect acquisitions to add 150 basis points to growth. We now expect currency to contribute about 50 basis points to growth as we are seeing continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. 
 We continue to expect price to be a positive contributor to growth for the year. We expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. We are lowering our adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $10 to $11. We now expect full year fiscal '24 free cash flow conversion of about 80% of adjusted income. The lowered expectations for free cash flow conversion is driven by the fact that the positive earnings impact from 0 incentive compensation recorded this fiscal year does not result in better cash generation this year. This is because the payout of any annual incentive compensation occurs in the first quarter of the following fiscal year. Therefore, we will see the benefit of this on our cash flow conversion in fiscal year '25. 
 From an inventory standpoint, we continue to expect that inventory days on hand will drop by -- drop to 125 days by the end of fiscal year '24 compared to the 140 days of inventory we had at the end of fiscal year '23. From a calendarization perspective, we expect mid-single-digit sequential order growth in Q3 and high teens sequential order growth in Q4. We expect Q3 sales dollars and segment margin to be lower than Q2 levels. Now that we have largely cleared our product backlog, we are generating most of our product sales from new orders in the quarter, which are ramping up slower than we expected. We expect Q4 to be the highest revenue dollar and margin quarter of the year.
 From a sequential margin perspective, we expect margins in Q3 to be about 250 basis points lower than in Q2 due to the non-repeat of the bonus accrual reversal that benefited Q2, also lower volume and mix. By segment, we expect our Q3 margins to be up slightly in Intelligent Devices, down significantly in Software & Control due to lower Logix controller sales and flat in Lifecycle Services. As Blake mentioned, we are adjusting our spending level with the lower outlook for this fiscal year. 
 Last quarter, we expected our full year '24 investment spending to increase by $60 million year-over-year or to be up about 2%. We now expect our full year spend to be down approximately $50 million versus prior year. This roughly $100 million spend reduction in the second half of fiscal '24 is driven by a combination of structural and temporary cost out actions, which will help protect our margins in the current fiscal year and will set the right foundation for fiscal year '25 and beyond. Some examples of temporary cost reductions items include not filling open positions, reducing contractor spend and further reducing our travel and marketing spend for the year.
 In terms of structural actions, we are expecting about $60 million of restructuring charges related to head count reductions in the second half of the fiscal year. The expected restructuring charges are excluded from our adjusted EPS. These savings and our continued cost structure optimization are aligned with our longer-term productivity focus and profitability targets. 
 A few additional comments on fiscal '24 guidance. Corporate and other expense is now expected to be around $130 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 114.3 million shares. We expect to deploy between $600 million and $800 million to share repurchases during the year. This is an increase from our prior range of $300 million to $500 million and reflects a higher near-term prioritization of returning cash to shareholders versus acquisitions. Net interest expense for fiscal '24 is now expected to be about $135 million. 
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. We are focused on getting synergies and efficiencies throughout the entire organization. The portfolio of capabilities that we have built and bought is second to none and now is the time to knit all these pieces together. This will help us drive more customer value, efficiency and cost savings, which in turn will yield higher margins and funds for reinvestment.
 Aijana will now begin the Q&A session. 
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Julianne, let's take our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Nick, congrats, and thanks for all your help. So Blake or Nick, could you give us more color into what's now embedded in terms of order trajectory in your $10 to $11 of guidance? Have you seen continued positive improvement in orders here to start Q3 because obviously, you still need a pretty big order step-up especially in Q4, as you said, given your guidance. And it's been difficult to tell for you, I think, how much excess inventory has been out there, especially with machine builders. So what are you doing to try and get better visibility into when they may bottom with their inventory and ultimately, you won't have to lower EPS again? 
Blake Moret: Sure. Andy, I'll start, and then Nick may have some additional comments. We're expecting mid-single digits sequential growth in Q3 on orders. This is after low double-digit sequential order growth that we saw in Q2. And then we expect high teens sequential orders growth in Q4. And that's based on our analysis of the levels of existing inventory in distribution as well as in the machine builders. For distribution, we expect that largely to clear by the end of the third quarter in most regions. China is probably an outlier that goes a little bit longer, but we're tracking those inventory levels and that's consistent with the direct feedback from those distributors. 
 As we go out to the OEMs and have specific discussions with the largest OEMs, particularly in Europe and in North America, we're expecting that inventory to be largely cleared at the machine builders in Q4. This is imperfect because we have some of those machine builders that are buying direct from us, and then we have a lot better going through distribution. So that's still evolving. But we have much better view today than we did at the beginning of the year, and that's the primary reason for the reduced guidance for the year. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Andy, one thing I'll just add on that. What we've seen in April orders is completely consistent with that. Our guide of an expectation of order growth of 5% sequential order growth. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Helpful, guys. And then, Blake, maybe just trying to step back and separate out the channel noise you've been seeing from the CapEx weakness you mentioned, for instance, in food and beverage. I know you mentioned you will achieve the long-term targets you said in November, but could you talk about your conviction at this point that Rock can resume that sort of 5% to 8% organic growth trajectory, ex acquisitions, sooner versus later. Can you give more color into the market share gains you mentioned North America, and which core end markets would you think would drive that back to that improved growth? 
Blake Moret: Sure. So we are confident that those growth ranges are reasonable as we look through the cycle. It's based on our offering. It's based on the higher growth that we see in North America, which, of course, is our home market, where most of our sales are, and it's our portfolio that we've built that's winning today in the market. So we see that through the individual projects that are competitive, the growing impact of mega projects. I and my team are directly involved with versus our toughest competitors around the world with a good win rate of those projects.
 We also see in the industries, the win rates looking good. And when I talk about market share gains, obviously, Logix controllers is one of the key areas, and we do see those gains, both when we look at the U.S. and when we look around the world in terms of the reports on that important product line, and there's some other areas as well, motor control centers, for instance, as we get those reports for our offering in North America, but also with the new Cubic offering, which is a space that was virtually unserved by us previously. 
 And then with the autonomous mobile robots, you heard several examples of those wins in the production logistics space from our Clearpath acquisition, that's already a $5 billion or $6 billion market growing much faster than the general automation market. And so that gives us a lot of confidence with these new sources of value as well as the products that make up the majority of our business, we're confident about these long-term targets. And again, it's not just about the above-market growth. I think you've heard the tone on this call and in the last few months, putting that together with the margin expansion is absolutely fundamental to our plans going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. 
Nigel Coe: Nick, enjoy your retirement. So I'm just wondering if maybe you can get a bit more color on the kind of the third quarter color you provided. So the -- I mean I'm backing into an EPS close to the $2 per share for the third quarter. So I just want to make sure that aligns with your model. And then in terms of the order rates that you're pointing to mid-single-digit percentage increase sequentially, is that sort of back into like a $2 billion order number? Just trying to get a bit more quantification there, that would be great. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Nigel, in terms of what you're backing into from an order rate in Q3, that's complete -- that's consistent with how we're seeing this, too. In terms of EPS, the one nuance I will point out from a quarterization on our tax rate, we expect our Q3 tax rate to be lower than the average and our Q4 tax rate to be higher than the average. That's just based on discrete items that are expected in the second half of the year and the timing. That's the only other nuance I'd say on this. But otherwise, I'd say your modeling is matching pretty closely what we're estimating. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the cost savings, just on the $100 million of cost savings in the second half of this year, just want to make sure that, that doesn't include any of the bonus accrual reversals or the investment spending pullback. That's all sort of additional cost savings. It feels like it's mainly temporary costs in the back half of this year and then we have more structural costs coming in, in 2025. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Blake Moret: Let me start with some general comments, and then Nick can add some detail to that. The $100 million of savings that I mentioned for the second half of the year is totally separate from anything with the incentive comp. So that's additional savings that's totally separate from that. Embedded in that is a reduction in force of approximately 3%. So those are not temporary savings and that will provide additional incremental benefit into next year. There's also some of the temporary actions that Nick talked about, but there's a meaningful reduction in force that's structural and is the front end of the additional structural actions that I alluded to, and that we'll provide more detail on the next call. 
Nicholas Gangestad: And Nigel, part of what we were talking about there is the $100 million we're expecting in the second half of this year. Those actions, we expect to have a tail into fiscal year '25 of an additional $120 million. So -- and I'm saying that in reference to your comment about temporary, some of it is temporary, but the majority of it is sustainable and carried makes that tailwind impact benefit into fiscal year '25. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: Wish you all the best, Nick. Thank you for the help. Just maybe circling back on the sort of EPS walk. So you've got that very helpful, Slide 11, for example. But if I think about sort of 3 big buckets of costs you've talked about this morning, you've got incentive compensation, you've got investment spend, and you've got these fixed cost reductions relating to head count cuts. So it looks like for 2024, you've got about a $2 EPS tailwind year-on-year from incentive comp and investment spend combined. Is the right way to think about it that a lot of that reverses in 2025? And then on the other hand, you've got these savings that may be are worth about $1 of EPS from head count cuts in 2025. Just trying to understand of the incentive comp and investment spend, kind of how does that reverse in a substantial way kind of in the following year naturally? 
Nicholas Gangestad: A couple of points, Julian. First of all, we certainly intend that the incentive compensation does reverse in fiscal year '25. But the productivity actions that we're doing with the structural cost savings, we do not expect the majority of that investment spend that I noted on that slide to reverse. And that's why we're talking about the $120 million of carryforward benefit into fiscal year '25. So 2 different answers. The incentive comp absolutely does reverse, but investment spend does not. And again, investment spend in total for next year will be dependent on the opportunities we're seeing. We haven't set what that number is. But the benefits of what we're doing here, we are confident that will create this $120 million tailwind benefit into next year? 
Blake Moret: Yes. Just at a high level, the actions that we're taking now with their benefit this year and then the incremental benefit next year, when you add that to the more structural actions that we're beginning a more comprehensive program that I mentioned, we expect that to more than offset the headwinds from returned incentive comp investment and so on as we go into fiscal year '25. 
Julian Mitchell: That's really helpful. And then just my follow-up would be trying to circle back to that point on sort of your revenues and your inventories and your customer inventory. So it sounds like you have this Q3 sales dip, I think, sequentially, Nick, you'd mentioned. Maybe help us understand why that's happening if orders are up sequentially in the second quarter finished and the third quarter that we're in now. And your own inventories on your balance sheet have been stuck at sort of the same dollar number for a year now. How are you so sure that your customers' inventories are coming down when your own are very stable? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. So as of the end of the second quarter, Julian, our product backlog is essentially back to normal. We've had good success working through with our supply chain, and we've brought our backlog back to normal. So going forward, our -- we expect to be operating what we were like pre pandemic, where orders in a particular quarter are very much like what our sales are in a particular quarter. In our second quarter, we were still benefiting from drawing down some of that backlog. We brought down our backlog in high single digits in the second quarter. And that's why our sales in second quarter were higher than our orders. That phenomenon will end going into the second half of the year. And that's why even though we expect orders to be up sequentially, we expect revenue to be down sequentially. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: Maybe talk about some of the choices you're making around where to reduce investments in the business. I would love any color. You made a lot of acquisitions. I'm not sure if it's related to that. Maybe you can talk about it if possible on the segment level or by protocol? 
Blake Moret: Sure. No, I'll make some comments, and Nick may have some additional ones. Most of the reduction in force that we're looking at is affecting SG&A and that does include sales and marketing and headquarter functions. I think as we look at guiding principles, we're directing the spend to the highest value activities that's both geographically and from a product portfolio standpoint going through and taking a look at what is generating the best returns in those areas. We're also integrating recent acquisitions with existing Rockwell resources and looking for the cost synergies there. So we're getting good performance out of our acquisitions. And as we look at ways to get the efficiencies and as I said, knit together what we've built and bought, the actions we're taking are consistent with that.
 And then there's opportunities, as always, for back-office efficiencies by leveraging technology. And we see that in SG&A. We see it in our development activities as well. There is some reductions in cost of sales, including some in manufacturing operations, as we're tuning our capacity to match what we're expecting near term in terms of output. And that's product-specific, right? Some of our lines are growing very well year-over-year, and they're expected to continue. Others as we've gotten back to full safety stock, we can tune that to reduce some of the variances in those operations. 
 So that's the current list of actions that we're doing. As we look at the more comprehensive program, we'll be focusing on areas like sourcing is a big opportunity for us with the spend of direct material and other items. And then there's also additional opportunities for manufacturing efficiencies as we look at our portfolio and the wide range of SKUs that we offer. 
 Nick? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. The one piece I'd add to that. Many of these costs are in organizations or functions that support multiple of our reporting segments. Given the way we allocate these costs across segments, Intelligent Devices and Software & Control will see the greatest impact from these actions that we're doing. 
Noah Kaye: Right. Makes sense. And then very helpful on the walk sequentially on orders and your commentary around margins for 3Q, that does seem to imply. Again, we're doing math here on the fly, a pretty big step-up sequentially in margin for 4Q. I'm getting to something like 6 points here. Maybe just talk to the margin math around how you see exiting the year and what, apart from the cost reductions you've announced, would help that step up? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. So there's a few things impacting our margin progression as we go through the second half of the year. And you are correct, and we expect Q4 to be, by far, our highest margin quarter of the 4 quarters. We -- the biggest contributor to that is going to be volume that is positively impacting the margin, particularly in Software & Control. That's followed by the structural and temporary cost savings that we're doing. And then the third is we will be having a more favorable mix of revenue that will be benefiting margins. So it's volume is the largest and then followed by the cost savings and then the mix, all contributing to that sequential improvement in margin in Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: When you talk about these investments, what's the trend on R&D this year relative to last year as a percentage of sales or on an absolute basis? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Steve, R&D as a percent of revenue is going to be pretty consistent at 6% of revenue. As a percent of revenue, it's not really changing from last year. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then I guess just more philosophically, thinking about the story, and I know you guys have talked about your business being more of an intellectual property business over time, certainly a part of the story at least. And I just -- what I struggle with a little bit higher level is whipping bonus accruals around basically altering investments based on near-term sales. I guess, that just seems juxtaposed with kind of an IP-type business. How do we have confidence that you're not rocking the boat with a lot of that core, where the technology comes from, that would be kind of my biggest concern longer term. How are you guys managing that? 
Blake Moret: Yes. Steve, this is Blake. As Nick said, our development expense remains at 6%. We continue to invest robustly in areas, like new product introduction, which is actually increasing over the last few years in terms of what we're delivering to the market, both in terms of the hardware products as well as new software as well. And so I think it would be incorrect to talk about whiplashing that piece of it. We're looking for efficiencies that are taking cost out that had built up over the last few years of volatility as we've gone from pandemic to supply chain shortages and making sure that we're tuned for growth going forward with that. 
 The incentive comp philosophy hasn't changed there and that we operate in a pay-for-performance culture. We had great payouts last year because we performed really well with high teens top line growth and even better EPS. This is a year that is below expectations, and we're not paying a bonus, but it's going to come back, and that's the way we've operated for as long as I've been in the business. So in no way it implies some sort of short-term activity to manage results at the expense of the long-term value that we continue to provide. 
C. Stephen Tusa: And then just one last one on the 3Q to the 4Q. I know that the second half of this year was dependent on obviously the sales being there. I mean, how dependent are we from -- going from the 2-ish to 4 from 3Q to 4Q on sales actually being there? Is it the same kind of dynamic as we've been seeing -- we're seeing in 3Q, similar to the comments you made last quarter. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Steve, the sales dynamic is the single biggest contributor to the increase in EPS from Q3 to Q4. Second -- followed second by on a smaller scale to cost actions. The total cost actions that we're projecting in the second half of the year, we expect about 1/3 of that to be impacting Q3 and about 2/3 of that to be impacting Q4. So there -- that is part of it, but it's still a smaller number compared to the reliance on revenue growth occurring in fourth quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Mason from Baird. 
Robert Mason: I wanted to see if you could provide a little more color around the step-up in orders that you're expecting -- sequential up in orders that you're expecting in the fourth quarter? I know you mentioned distributor channel inventories normalizing at that point. But is that the entirety of the high teens growth? Or are you expecting some shift in -- more positive shift in demand as well? 
Blake Moret: There's a few elements of what informs that guidance, Rob. But the first is a significant reduction in packaging machine builder inventory. So within the OEM inventory, packaging machinery has been particularly affected by that. And the feedback we're receiving from the conversations directly with them indicates that, that reduces significantly as we go through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. The distributor inventory actually is expected to clear again in regions outside of China before that. And so those 2 factors are an important part of it. We also see the normal seasonality in our engineered-to-order and Lifecycle Services shipments. There's always a higher shipment amount at the end of the year there, and that would include Sensia as well.
 And then we see the growing impact of mega projects. And we do have a line of sight to some of those projects that are expected to come in with ordering and shipments beginning in the fourth quarter. We're seeing some of that now. Think of that as kind of a drumbeat that increases through the year and again into next year. 
Robert Mason: Should we think about the fourth quarter order level as a solid jumping off point as we go into 2025 now, absent the engineered-to-order, normal seasonality there? 
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean in this volatility that we've been operating in, in the last 4 years, I'm going to reserve a view. But I think we're setting up the foundation so that we have an attractive cost base regardless of what orders do next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. 
Joseph Ritchie: Nick, I wish you the best in retirement and then we're back and forth. Yes, so maybe -- can I just maybe just start on that last comment on mega project spending specifically. I'm trying to square the comments around EVs earlier and some pushouts. And if I think about where we're seeing the biggest kind of like expectation for mega project pickup would probably be in semi-fab CapEx? And then also on the like EV/battery plants. And so Help me just kind of square the comments on EV pushing out and where you're actually starting to see some kind of some good green shoots on the mega project side. 
Blake Moret: Yes. So I mentioned that we're seeing some push out on EV, but we are not seeing cancellations in those projects. And it doesn't mean that they've all gone away. EV is still about 1/3 -- a little bit more than 1/3 of our total automotive business. So there's still some of those projects -- EV projects that we're winning and getting business for now. If we look at some of the other areas of mega projects, the facilities management and control systems or semiconductor fabs. We've got great capabilities there and are playing a major role in a lot of the fabs that have been announced and are currently under construction in the U.S., but around the world, that's been a good business for us in Asia for over a decade. So it's not a new application for us. 
 Renewables is another area that we're seeing a good investment playing in solar. We are  seeing meaningful business in solar as well as wind, particularly with our Cubic acquisition. And then another area that is, we think, has bottomed, and we're seeing an impressive funnel building is in the area of warehouse automation and really the overall space of production logistics. And again, I'll go back to the capabilities that we have that's somewhat unique with AMRs, the mobile robots, combined with the fixed automation that we've always had, we're tracking some major projects there, and we've had some wins, and I talked about some of them on the call.
 But to give you an example about how those are playing out. There are a couple of customers that we've talked to in the last couple of months that have come off of discussions with labor and have made it clear that they want to complement their people with technology to a greater extent over the next few years. And those have resulted in multimillion dollar wins for Rockwell as a result of moving more aggressively and to adding technology to complement their scarce resources. And so those are the kinds of examples of mega projects that are starting to come in. 
Joseph Ritchie: That's super helpful, Blake. And then -- and if I can maybe just make sure that I've got it totally squared for next year on the buckets of cost savings. So you mentioned $120 million for next year. We're going to get something more on the structural side. And then incentive comp goes to 0 this year. And so in a normal year, that would be like roughly basically about $120 million, $130 million headwind in a normal year. So is that just baselining it? Is that the right way to think about it? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Joe, you got it all right, except for the last one, our normal bonus expenses in the $160 million to $170 million range. 
Aijana Zellner: Julianne, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: Certainly. Our last question will come from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. 
Joseph O'Dea: Blake, when you talk about packaging, delivering better order activity from Q3 to Q4, just want to level set on to what  --  how that kind of sizes overall for the business. And so you're talking food and beverage and household and personal care, and we should be thinking about 25% of revenue that would be seeing that pick up? 
Blake Moret: Yes. Actually -- so if you think about those verticals and that's about the size of the overall verticals there, about 60% of our business in consumer packaged goods covered mainly by those 2 verticals is the OEMs, the machine builders. So that's the way you can kind of do the calculus of how much of that business has been suppressed by the higher inventory levels, and we're expecting that to be dissipating over the coming quarters. 
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. And then the bridge on sort of prior guide to revised guide and the core piece in the $3.75 sort of EPS impact on core, it looks like that could be something like a 60% to 70% decremental. And if that's the case, and we think about the flip side, do you think about sort of a reversal of these headwinds is translating to better incrementals than what you would traditionally think about sort of through a cycle, absent some of the temporary structural cost actions that are underway? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. When you strip out things like incentive compensation and what we're showing there from investment spend because those things would normally be part of what we talk about in terms of our incrementals and decrementals, but we stripped out those 2 details to give you more detail of the underlying moving parts in there. But there are many parts of our portfolio where incrementals and decrementals like that in that 60% range are certainly normal. They're normally offset by some degree of incentive compensation or investment spend though. 
Blake Moret: Yes. I think -- but directionally, I think you're right in that Logix, we've seen the biggest correction based on the really tough comps with the huge growth from last year. And as that comes back in, that hardware does have high incrementals and high decrementals. We've put a lot around it with annual recurring revenue and so on, which does help us and continues to grow. But there's no getting around that Logix is very profitable. We have high incrementals and high decrementals there. 
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes today's conference call. 
Operator: At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later on the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Juliane. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Aijana and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to our first quarter results on Slide 3. This quarter, we saw double-digit sequential growth in orders, with all business segments and regions up from the trough in Q4 of last year. While we are continuing to see the impact of excess inventory in the channel, the underlying demand from machine builders and end-users remain strong. Total sales were up 3.6% year-over-year. Organic sales grew 1% in the quarter, led by North America. China was the single largest drag on our shipments. Currency translation increased sales by over 1 point, and acquisitions contributed almost 1.5 points of growth. Our organic sales did come in below our expectations, largely due to the timing of our recovery to a more normal product book-and-bill process. As a source of our demand shifts from older backlog to new orders that need to be shipped as soon as they are received, we are working through some lingering shortages and line constraints. Our supply chain team is expected to complete this transition in Q2 with little impact on the full year. In our Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales were down 4.5% versus prior year. While product shipments in this segment experienced the biggest supply chain constraints in the quarter, we were able to offset some of that impact with strong performance from our configure-to-order businesses and from recent acquisitions. Our Clearpath and CUBIC acquisitions had a strong quarter, both on topline and bottom-line, showcasing the tremendous value these offerings are bringing to our customers across new verticals and applications. Last quarter, I talked about our presence in datacenter build-outs and CUBIC's momentum with large cloud service providers continues to fuel our growth in this end-market. I'll touch on some of the important Clearpath wins later on the call. Software & Control organic sales increased 4% year-over-year and were in line with our expectations. Logix continues to demonstrate unique value in the marketplace, and we've made some major software investments in this segment over the last few years. We are seeing the value from this innovation, demonstrated by double-digit sales growth in our cloud-native and on-prem information software offerings. Lifecycle Services organic sales grew over 8% versus prior year, better than we expected. Book-to-bill in this segment was 1.13, with strong order activity across solutions, services, and our Sensia joint venture. I'm pleased with how our Sensia team is making progress, with profitable growth in the quarter. Q1 orders and sales were up over 25% year-over-year. One of the strategic Sensia wins this quarter was with Mellitah Oil & Gas joint venture, one of the largest oil and gas companies in Libya. Sensia's advanced measurement technology is helping this customer modernize all of their liquid metering skids and establishes Sensia as one of the key players in the region for major metering turnkey solutions. Another highlight of the quarter was our continued growth in ARR. Total annual recurring revenue was up 20% year-over-year, with strong growth across our Plex and Fiix SaaS offerings and recurring services, including our growing cybersecurity business. The impact of these contracts on our financial performance is also increasing, especially in a year with relatively low product growth. This quarter, our Plex SaaS platform was selected by EOS Energy, an energy start-up focused on grid scale storage for utility companies. EOS Energy, in partnership with Acro Automation Systems, has selected Rockwell Automation to provide Plex MES and QMS information software to compliment Acro’s battery manufacturing solution built on Rockwell’s control platform. Acro is currently building out the first state-of-the-art manufacturing line that will manufacture EOS Energy’s next gen Z3 batteries. Segment margin of about 17% and adjusted EPS of $2.04 were both down versus prior year. The adjusted EPS was below our expectations, and Nick will discuss this further in a few minutes. Let’s now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q1 industry segment performance. Before we get into the individual verticals, keep in mind that the more product-intensive industries were the most impacted by planned shipments moving to Q2 and later in the year. Our discrete sales were down 10% year-over-year. Within discrete, automotive sales were down high single-digits. While auto customers are focused on near-term profitability and temporary slowdown in EV demand, they continue to fund new EV and battery CapEx programs. In addition to these investments, we are seeing increased activity across our traditional ICE and plugin hybrid platforms as brand owners and tier suppliers are looking to diversify their exposure in response to consumer demand and infrastructure limitations. As you know, Rockwell has a substantial installed base with these established automotive customers, and is well positioned to capture additional market share, regardless of the application. This quarter, our Logix platform was selected by Akasol/Borg Warner, a global battery producer and automotive tier supplier developing innovative battery manufacturing processes for their production plants in Seneca, South Carolina and Darmstadt, Germany. This customer plans to increase their production volume in Europe and North America and scale to more plants globally. Another exciting automotive win this quarter came from Clearpath Robotics, where a large brand owner will be using over a hundred of our Otto autonomous mobile robots in their US sub-assembly applications. Semiconductor sales were also down high-single-digits versus prior year. While the industry is still navigating through a myriad of challenges, including geopolitical risk, excess memory capacity, and workforce shortages, we continue to see new announcements and orders for greenfield projects and legacy fab upgrades, along with continued momentum in our wafer transport solutions. Within our eCommerce and Warehouse Automation industry, sales declined mid-teens and were in line with our expectations. Customers across many verticals continue to modernize their existing operations to match the current market’s needs. In addition to a strong funnel of these warehouse transformation projects, we are starting to see renewed CapEx plans from our eCommerce customers for fulfilment center builds later in fiscal year 2024 and in fiscal year 2025. Moving to our hybrid industries. Within this industry segment, growth in life sciences and tire were offset by declines in food and beverage. Food and beverage sales were down high-single-digits versus prior year. Given the mix of products serving this customer segment, our Q1 performance in this vertical was most impacted by our internal capacity constraints mentioned earlier on the call. Similar to previous quarters, we continue to see large end users investing their digital and cyber capabilities across their global footprint. This quarter, we had another sizeable Clearpath win at one of the largest food and beverage manufacturers in the world, where the customer chose our Otto AMRs to replace their existing AGV system to increase throughput and flexibility, while enhancing material movement security. It is clear our customers across many industries are focused on augmenting their existing workforce through autonomous and innovative solutions to drive further productivity, safety, and sustainability in their operations. Life sciences sales grew 10% in the quarter. Note that our life sciences revenue is more weighted to software and services versus products. In addition to our MES and cybersecurity services momentum, we are continuing to see increased investments in high-growth areas, such as Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products and GLP-1 diabetes and obesity drugs. Tire was up high-single-digits. Moving to process. Sales in this industry segment grew over 10% year-over-year, once again led by strong growth in oil and gas, metals, and mining. Oil and gas sales were up over 25% this quarter. I already mentioned our performance in Sensia, and we continue to see follow-on orders from our customers’ decarbonization and digitization projects worldwide. Let’s turn to Slide 5 and our Q1 organic regional sales. North America organic sales were up over 4% year-over-year. North American manufacturers are continuing to invest, and we expect this region to be our strongest-performing market this year. Latin America was down half a point. EMEA sales were down about 2%, and Asia Pacific sales declined over 7%. Similar to the last few quarters, we continue to see challenges in the Chinese manufacturing economy, with high cancellations and pushouts relative to the rest of the world. Sales in China were down high teens versus prior year. Moving to Slide 6 for our fiscal 2024 outlook. We continue to expect our full-year orders to grow low-single-digits versus prior year, with strong sequential growth through the balance of this fiscal year. Factoring in our performance through January, our continuous analysis of distributor inventory levels, and strong pipeline of customer projects, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2024 sales guidance range with organic sales projected to grow 1% at the midpoint. Currency is also expected to increase sales by 1%, and we now expect acquisitions to contribute a 1.5 of growth. ARR is still slated to grow about 15%. Segment margin is expected to increase slightly versus prior year, with significant second half increases coming from increased product volume, spending discipline, and the growing benefit of productivity initiatives being taken in Lifecycle Services. Nick will share additional calendarization detail in his section. Adjusted EPS is slated to grow 5% year-over-year at the midpoint, again weighted to the back half of the year, and we still expect Free Cash Flow conversion of 100%. Let me turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q1 performance and financial outlook for fiscal 2024. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I'll start on Slide 7, first quarter key financial information. First quarter reported sales were up 3.6% over last year. Q1 organic sales were up 1%, and acquisitions contributed 140 basis points to total growth. Currency translation increased sales by 120 basis points. About 3 points of our organic growth came from price, in line with our expectations. Segment operating margin was 17.3%, compared to 20.2% a year ago. This 290 basis point decrease reflects higher investment spend, mix between products and solutions, and lower supply chain utilization. While our Q1 spend was down sequentially, we had a difficult year-over-year comparison due to an abnormally low investment spend in Q1 of last year. Key areas of year-over-year spending increases include investments in new products, digital infrastructure, and commercial resources. I'll comment later on the expected progression of our investment spend when I cover our full year outlook. As Blake mentioned, orders inflected upward sequentially, and we expect strong sequential order growth through the remainder of the year. The expected slope of orders is consistent with what we have discussed over the last couple of quarters. Adjusted EPS of $2.04, down 17% compared to last year, was below our expectations, primarily due to lower-than-expected sales and lower segment operating margin. The devaluation of the Argentine peso was an additional $0.10 adjusted EPS headwind in Q1. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 18%, slightly above the prior year rate. Free cash flow was negative $35 million, compared to a positive $42 million in the prior year. Our lower year-over-year free cash flow generation in the quarter was driven by higher incentive compensation payout during the quarter, which was tied to our fiscal 2023 performance. Working capital decreased in Q1, driven by lower accounts receivable, partially offset by lower accounts payable. One additional item not shown on the slide. We repurchased approximately 400,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $120 million. On December 31st, $800 million remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 8 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Blake discussed our top line performance in the quarter, so I'll focus on our margin performance. As I mentioned earlier, our investment spend in the year-ago quarter was lower than normal as most of the incremental fiscal 2023 investments started in Q2 of last year. This resulted in a difficult year-over-year margin comparison in Q1 for both Intelligent Devices and Software & Control. Intelligent Devices margin decreased to 16.2%, compared to 22.4% a year ago. The decrease from prior year was driven by lower sales volume, the timing of prior year investment spend, and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by positive price/cost. Our Clearpath and CUBIC acquisitions, both part of Intelligent Devices, are performing well and are making commercial -- and we are making commercial and technical investments here to accelerate profitable growth. Software & Control margin of 25% decreased from 29.2% last year. The lower margin was driven by the timing of prior year investment spend and lower supply chain utilization, partially offset by price/cost. Lifecycle Services book-to-bill was 1.13. Lifecycle Services margin of 10.4% doubled from the year-ago margin of 5.2%. Strong margin performance was driven by higher sales, lower incentive compensation, and higher margins in Sensia. We are realizing productivity benefits from Lifecycle Services restructuring actions we took last year and those benefits are coming in as expected. The next slide, 9, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q1 fiscal 2023 to Q1 fiscal 2024. Core performance was down $0.10 on a 1% organic sales increase as positive price/cost was more than offset by negative product mix and lower supply chain utilization. Higher investment spend was a $0.40 EPS headwind. Incentive compensation was a $0.20 tailwind. This year-over-year improvement reflects a lower projected bonus payout this year versus an above-target payout last year. The impact from acquisitions was a $0.10 headwind and aligned with our expectations. The year-over-year impact from currency was a $0.05 headwind, with the $0.10 headwind from the Argentine peso revaluation more than offsetting the positive impact from other currencies. The $0.05 -- the net $0.05 currency headwind was offset by a $0.05 tailwind from interest expense. Share count and tax rate were each immaterial to the year-over-year change in EPS this quarter. Let's now move on to the next slide, 10, guidance for fiscal 2024. We are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal 2024 of reported sales growth of 0.5% to 6.5%, and organic sales growth in the range of negative 2% to positive 4%. As Blake mentioned earlier, we now expect acquisitions to add 150 basis points to growth, up from 100 basis points in our prior guidance, as the growing pipeline of projects from Clearpath is leading to higher expected growth. Given this improvement, Clearpath is now expected to dilute adjusted EPS by $0.20 versus our prior expectation of $0.25. We now expect a full year currency tailwind of 100 basis points, down from 150 basis points in our prior guide because projections for the euro and the Canadian dollar have weakened slightly for the year. We continue to expect price to be a positive contributor to growth for the year. We expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. And we are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance range of $12 to $13.50. We expect full year fiscal 2024 free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. This reflects our continued expectation that inventory days on hand will drop to approximately 125 days by the end of fiscal year 2024, compared to 140 days of inventory we had at the end of fiscal year 2023. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion in the first half to be well below 100%, mostly tied to the higher incentive compensation payment made in Q1 relative to our fiscal year 2023 performance, and higher income tax payments related to the realized capital gain on the sale of our stake in PTC, as well as our Tax Cuts and Jobs Act transition tax payment. From a calendarization perspective, we expect Q2 sales dollars and segment margin to be similar to Q1 levels. We previously expected the lead-times on our last constrained products would return to normal by the end of Q1. This is now being pushed back to the middle of the year. This means that our split between first half and second half revenue will be even more weighted towards the second half. Our plan was and continues to be for balanced spend across the four quarters of fiscal year 2024, compared to our upward trajectory of spend in fiscal year 2023, as confidence in supply chain recovery pace grew. Given the split of sales between first and second half, that means first half margins will be noticeably lower compared to the year prior and second half margins noticeably higher. We expect margins in Q2 to remain similar to what they were in Q1 and then increase to the mid-20s in Q3 and Q4. That expansion in margin is virtually all -- driven virtually all by revenue returning to levels consistent with end demand. We anticipate investment spend to be relatively flat across the four quarters of fiscal year 2024. From a year-on-year perspective, Q2 and Q3 increases in investment spend will be approximately $10 million each and then a year-over-year decrease in Q4. A few additional comments on fiscal 2024 guidance. Corporate and other expense is expected to be around $125 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2024 is expected to be about $120 million and we're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 115.1 million shares. We expect to deploy between $300 million and $500 million to share repurchases during the year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A. Blake?
Blake Moret: Thanks Nick. Despite geopolitical volatility, our detailed discussions with our distributors, machine builders, and end-users point to fairly healthy market conditions. Our outlook for fiscal year 2024 is based on an acceleration of new product orders as distributors and machine builders reduce excessive inventory. Our operations team is working around the clock to ensure we can convert these new orders into shipments at lead-times that are as good or better than pre-pandemic lead-times. We continue to gain share across our key platforms, especially here in North America. We are seeing early orders from customer projects facilitated by economic stimulus, and automation continues to be an important way to maximize the productivity of available workers. Our recent acquisitions are performing well on both revenue and cost, with Clearpath Robotics being a standout addition to Rockwell's portfolio. We've seen multimillion dollar wins across diverse end-markets, including automotive, food and beverage, and even warehousing and logistics and this is just the beginning. We have a unique portfolio of high-value assets that we've built and bought with the best partner ecosystem in the business. Our focus is now to integrate these elements as only a pure-play can, growing share, profitability and cash flow by driving efficiency and synergy. Aijana, we'll now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks Blake. We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Juliane, let's take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake and Nick, you mentioned that your orders were up double-digits sequentially. Could you tell us where backlog was ending Q1? And regardless, you did reiterate your low single-digit order growth for FY 2024. So, are you beginning to see a more substantial turn in orders here in fiscal Q2 as your distributors bottom out their inventory levels? And if so, what end-markets would you say are inflecting the most?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andy, we ended last year with a backlog of $4.1 billion all in, and it went down high single digits in -- during the first quarter. In terms of what we're seeing with orders, you're exactly right, we're seeing an inflection up in the orders from the Q4 trough. And we're expecting that to continue into the second quarter of double-digit growth into the second quarter. In terms of where that -- where we're seeing that, I'll turn that over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Yes. Let me just mention additionally, Andy, that distributor inventory is coming down. So, as we've talked about before, we have good visibility into our distributor inventory based on our channel model, and we are seeing that going down as we expected. As we're seeing the orders, it's a good mix across industries, including some of the industries that were pressured by the lower shipments in the first quarter like auto and food and beverage, we're also seeing it across the entire portfolio, as we talked about annual recurring revenue, very strong from a software and a high-value services standpoint and other aspects of Lifecycle Services. But we do expect that that order recovery is going to be broad-based across our key industries, including in discrete and hybrid, to complement the continuing good performance in process such as oil and gas.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful, guys. And then you didn't change your adjusted EPS guidance for the year, but you did mention that you expect modest EPS growth that's back-end loaded. I know, Blake, you suggested that your supply chain team should catch up with a more book-and-bill type environment in Q2, and Nick, you talked about the margin jump starting in Q3. But maybe you could talk more about confidence level in getting that margin jump you expect in Q3. And does a relatively slow start for EPS for the year suggests modest EPS growth for FY 2024, meaning somewhat lower in that $12 to $13.50 EPS range? Or are you not trying to single that?
Blake Moret: No. Well, we're reaffirming the guide that we introduced in November. The significant increase in EPS in the second half of the year is based on the increased volume. You'll recall last year, we went from roughly $2 billion of shipments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 to an exit of around $2.5 billion. And we're expecting to see something similar in this year, in fiscal year 2024, from the Q1 that we were talking about of $2 billion roughly of shipments to around $2.5 billion at the end of the year. That's what's going to drive the higher margins and EPS. Last year, the causal for that ramp was based on getting chip supply. This year, it's the ramp of orders.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it guys.
Blake Moret: Thanks Andy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Blake Moret: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Can we just drill back into the supply chain comments? They seem inconsistent, right, when we think about it. Revenues this quarter are lower than revenues in the prior three quarters, right? So, you're getting a lot more out the door the prior three quarters. So, can you just elaborate a little bit more on what exactly happened in supply chain? What kind of bottlenecks you're dealing with? Are they at the Rockwell factory level? Are they at a supplier level? Just please clear that up for us, if you could.
Blake Moret: Sure Jeff. So, what we're seeing is the shift in the timing going from a dynamic of shipments that's been based entirely on reducing large amounts of backlog, to a recovery to a more normal product book-and-bill process. So, the big shipments that we saw over the last year were based on chips coming in with a very visible really mass of past-due backlog that was in a relatively concentrated set of SKUs for us. So, whether it was variable speed drives or motion control or Logix IO. We had very good visibility into what we needed to ship as soon as we got the chips. We're seeing the shift in Q1, which should be complete in Q2, of moving to a more normal distribution of having the vast majority of our shipments in the quarter based on book-and-bill, that is, new orders coming in that get turned around in the quarter. The things that hampered us in Q1 were the lingering tail of those past-due backlog items that we talked about taking a little bit longer than Q1 to clear out, as well as some continuing component challenges, and then the shift to being able to build safety stock to be able to handle those incoming orders. That progress continues in Q2. We expect to be substantially complete with that in the quarter. But that's the difference of what we were shipping out last year versus what we're shipping out now. I should also mention, we've talked in the past about our capacity being over $10 billion and that remains true. Our capacity to ship in terms of physical plant and labor is over $10 billion and that's going to be important as we continue to grow.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, right. And then again, if we could just talk a little bit more detail, maybe it's for Nick. I think you're pretty explicit on sort of the margins for Q2. Maybe just give us a little bit of color though on kind of the mix and what's driving that. I mean it does sound like you're expecting some sequential revenue lift in Q2. So, why would margins be roughly similar to Q1?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, we're expecting dollar revenue to be very similar in Q2 to what it was in Q1 and a very similar margin. The mix of what we're selling in Q1 to Q2, in Q1, we had more of it coming out of our backlog and less from current quarter book-and-bill. In Q2, that will be shifting -- that mix will be shifting to more coming out of current quarter orders as we continue to bring that backlog down. On the margin front, many of the things that we saw in the first quarter, we're going to be keeping investment spend very similar to what -- in Q2 very similar to what it was in Q1. The year-on-year change of that will come down, but the sequential will be almost identical. And then mix will probably not be as -- was a drain -- was a negative to us in Q1. And we expect mix to continue as a negative into Q2, both from a segment mix where we expect higher growth in -- our highest growth in Lifecycle Services, but also within segments where we're seeing more of our sales in Intelligent Devices coming from our configure-to-order business.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Blake Moret: Morning Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just to follow-up, I guess, on Jeff's question. If we go back to your Analyst Day, I think the message is that this is a transition year, and then revenue growth mean-reverts to plan next year, which means it's going to accelerate very nicely. Can you just expand, how do you make sure that, over the next 18 months, Rockwell can actually deliver the volumes? Are there any structural changes that you're making to your internal processes and supply chains to sort of ensure a smooth ramp-up?
Blake Moret: Yes, Andrew, there is. As I mentioned before, the first is to make sure that we have the fixed assets in place. We've been working on that for over a year, which allowed us to get to the $9 billion worth of shipments last year, which was a fairly healthy step-up from prior. And we've kept going to where, today, we feel like we have over $10.5 billion worth of capacity in terms of the assets. As you'll recall, we're a fairly asset-light manufacturing process. It's assembly, it's test fixtures, it's surface mount machines and so on. And we're making sure, not only in our organic business, but also with the acquisitions where we're seeing such strong growth, that we're making the investments to be able to fuel that growth. Labor is the other area. We have adequate product labor in place currently. We are continuing to ramp up based on the growth in our engineered-to-order business and the share gains that we're seeing there, the labor through the year in that. And in some cases, we're holding labor in place to make sure that it's there as we see that order ramp continue through the year. From a structural standpoint, we are working through ways to drive efficiency, to get scale throughout the organization. Some of this is standard lean concepts. But it's also adding the things that we've learned about needing resilience in terms of redundancy across multiple plants, in some cases, redundant sources of supply to be able to reduce the dependence on single suppliers in single parts of the world. So, we're working all of those plays in operations as well as with the engineers. Andrew, going back to your first comment, we do expect to be exiting fiscal year 2024, as we go through this transition, with margins that are very encouraging, as Nick talked about, as well as volume that supports continued growth in 2025 and beyond.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. And just a follow-up question. We've been getting some incoming calls, just folks concerned about slowdown in packaging CapEx. I think there were specific headlines. Also mining, another area of concern, I know sort of discrete and process. But can you just comment about these two specific markets, maybe a little bit more granularity what you are seeing around the world? Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, for us, packaging is typically being incorporated as part of our vertical industries of food and beverage, consumer packaged goods. And we are seeing the machinery builders in those areas, in Life Sciences as well, I should mention, there's packaging of medicine in Life Sciences, of course. And we are seeing those machine builders, similar to our distributors work, through inventory in their system. It's in a similar kind of profile to what we're seeing with our distributors, in that we expect over the coming few months, that works off and exposes what we continue to see from direct conversations with those customers, with those machine builders strong underlying demand. With respect to mining, we actually are seeing relative strength in mining in the areas that we focus on. Some of that is driven by materials for batteries. But in general, we do expect to see low single-digit growth in mining in the year.
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Sorry about that. Thanks for the question. I'm sorry, I missed a part of the call, Nick, where you were running through the guidance point. Did you call out the degree of order acceleration? I know you called out double-digit growth sequentially. Just wondering if you quantified the order and backlog exiting the quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I did call some of that out. First, we saw double-digit order growth sequentially in Q1, and we expect double-digit order growth sequentially in Q2. And then further ramp into Q3 and Q4 for orders. And that's being driven by the progress we're seeing with excess inventory in the channel coming out. In terms of the backlog, we ended fiscal year 2023 with a backlog of $4.1 billion, and we saw that come down high single-digit percent in the first quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks and sorry I missed that. Are we still looking at $3 billion as the point where this stabilizes and where we start to see that real inflection in order rates?
Blake Moret: I'm sorry, the $3 billion?
Nigel Coe: Yes, $3 billion of backlog. I think that's what you called out as sort of normal-ish level.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, what I said on the last call is that we expect the backlog in a more normal range of 30% to 35% of our revenue. I think that we still see that as a good point. I'd say our current projections see us at the high end, closer to the high end of that 30% to 35% range now for fiscal year 2024.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that's great. And then my follow-on question, Nick, is I understand that the mix impacts from Lifecycle services are growing, the Software Control and ID. But maybe the 240 basis points of gross margin compression year-over-year, maybe just unpack that for us in terms of mix versus M&A impacts. Just curious because that -- given that pricing was 3 points, price/cost positive, that's a fairly big delta.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. So, if you look at our press release, we have gross profit down 240 basis points year-on-year. About a third of that is coming from the investment spend that I talked about year-on-year, that that's because our R&D spend is part of that growth. So, that's about a third of that decline in the margin there. Our acquisitions, Clearpath and Verve, are 30 basis points are a small part of that. And then the rest of it would be coming from mix and underutilization of our -- underutilization of our supply chain in the first quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Blake Moret: Morning.
Nick Gangestad: Hey Steve.
Steve Tusa: So, I guess just from a stability perspective on the deliveries. Is there a particular end-market or anything like that that's driving this what kind of looks to be a very choppy outcome on delivery? Is it like are there certain segments of the market or product types that are not maybe flowing as smoothly as they have in the past?
Blake Moret: No, Steve, it's really -- I mean, it is product and it's centered in the Intelligent Devices. So, where you have the greatest diversity of SKUs between variable speed drives, motion control. And these are the areas where you're seeing that shift that I mentioned earlier, where we were bringing down a significant amount of past-due backlog, and now we're moving towards what is a more normal book-and-bill environment. But there's no unsurmountable challenges that we don't expect to be resolved in Q2. It was the shift that we saw really Q1 and a little bit into Q2, is that move from having the vast majority of our shipments as past-due backlog moving to more book-and-bill, centered within the Intelligent Devices segment.
Steve Tusa: Okay. I guess just also, just, Nick, from an earnings perspective, first half is going to be relatively low, is how much of a linear step-up do you think for 3Q and 4Q as we just think about the seasonality here?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, it will really be bringing us where the first two quarters of this year are, I'd say, under-reflecting end-demand for our products as that excess inventory is being worked through. And then Q3 and Q4 are getting back to a more normal. So, yes, that makes it more heavily weighted to the back half of the year. But given our plans of what we'll be doing from spending, the type of earnings growth, is very consistent with what we expect with that kind of uptick in revenue into Q3 and Q4.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And just lastly, just on the orders, we're getting to something in the kind of 1., I don't know, 1.6, 1.7 range. Is that about right?
Blake Moret: Yes, we haven't given the specific number, Steve. We talked about double-digit sequential growth from the trough in Q4 to Q1, with expected continuing double-digit sequential growth from Q1 to Q2, and really continuing through the year.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Blake Moret: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to ask about the guided step-up in margins from the high teens level in the fiscal second quarter to about mid-20s in the fiscal third quarter. I understand volumes are getting better sequentially, but that implied sequential incremental is much, much sharper than what we would kind of say is normalized for the company. So, can you just sort of talk about other drivers of that sequential margin uplift into the back half beyond just volume?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. There's three things I'll point out on that, Chris. The vast majority, I'll say 75% of that margin expansion, is just coming from the volume increase in holding investment spending flat across the year. The second and third pieces are pretty equal. One is coming from the improved utilization of our factories that we'll -- and our supply chain that we'll see as a result of that. And then the third is we saw good progress on our Lifecycle services margin, and we expect that to continue, and that's also going to be part of our continued margin expansion from the first half to the second half.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then on some of the supply chain constraints you guys called out that weighed on shipments in the first quarter. I don't think I caught it, but could you provide any sort of magnitude on how much sales were impacted by that? And it does not seem like that's coming back in the second quarter. It seems like they are then kind of deferred into the back half of the year. Is that right? Thank you.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I would put the -- we had originally guided that we expected low single-digit growth in the first quarter. We came in at 1. So, there is -- there's a portion, but it's probably in the $50 million to $70 million range of what we're talking about there. And yes, much of that is going into the second half of the year. That is correct.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to try and square sort of the comments on capacity utilization and the supply constraints with inventories. I think they're running -- we'll wait for the Q for the end-December balance, but it sounds like those are sort of stable sequentially maybe. And they've been running at a mid-teens share of sales versus sort of 8%, 9% pre-COVID. And they rose a lot the last 12 months even as sales rose. So, I just want to understand sort of -- it sounds like inventories to sales, inventory days, should fall in the balance of the year. But do you need sort of some -- is that based on a much faster sell-through out of the plant? You need to sort of underproduce somewhat to get the inventory back down? Or do you think that inventories will stay much higher now as a share of sales medium term than pre-COVID for some reason, even though lead-times are normal?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Julian, there's a few things that will change there. First of all, you know our projection that we're going to move from 140 days of inventory down to 125. That's been there and that's unchanged. Now, the mix of that, as we're looking at this shift to more and more of our revenue coming from current quarter orders that we're booking and billing, part of our action plans there is we see some increased needs for safety stock of those finished goods. So, as we go through the balance of this year, there will be some places where finished goods go up. But that will be more than offset by the reductions that we're seeing in our components driven by the improved lead-times we have for those components as well as our work in progress. So, we're expecting, as we progress through 2024, just to be seeing that kind of shift. The 125 days will still be well above our pre-pandemic levels where we were typically under 100 days of inventory.
Julian Mitchell: I see. But I guess -- I get it. Sort of two years ago, sort of people would have said you need higher inventory because backlogs are very high and you need inventory to sort of satisfy projects and backlog. But now you're saying as you go back towards a more normal book and ship business, that also requires sort of higher inventories. I just want to sort of understand what's kind of changed in the thinking there.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, in order to have sufficient inventories to be able to ship products very quickly to our customers and our distributors when they want it, we've been working on getting our products recovery back to where we can ship. Now, part of the progress we're making in the next couple of quarters is getting all of our safety stocks on our -- for our finished goods to where we feel they should be in order to make sure we're performing and executing to our customers' expectations. That's part of that plan. And so finished goods will not decline, but we expect all of our decline to be coming in the -- in our raw materials and work in progress.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. And just the follow-up on that would be, when you look at your sort of customers and distributors, how are you seeing them managing their inventories of kind of your product? And how are they feeling about those inventory levels today, please?
Blake Moret: Yes, we expect our distributors to be carrying a little higher amount of inventory given the customer service challenges that the industry has had over the last couple of years, we expect that equilibrium that distributors get to be a little higher level than it was pre-pandemic. And that's with very specific discussions with them about how they're thinking about the balance of customer service and working capital. We're also seeing with our machine builders that, as I mentioned before, some of them are still continuing to work down inventory in their own system, but we expect that to be complete over the coming months. I don't know of any difference in the way machine builders are looking at carrying levels of inventory and working capital. But with our distributors, we do expect them to normalize at a little higher level than they would have traditionally.
Julian Mitchell: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks very much. I just want to ask one final one on the production constraints. Can you help us understand a little bit better, what is different about the configure-to-order business versus the type of products that you've been working down a backlog? Is there focus on different lines? Does it require different personnel? Just help us understand some of the actual operational dynamics you are going through as you kind of reconfigure for a more normal book-and-ship environment?
Blake Moret: Sure. Let me just clarify that. The shift that's going on that we saw challenges in the first quarter was the move from servicing backlog of products to shipping out book-and-bill of products where the orders come in in the quarter. We continue to have a certain amount of configure-to-order business, our motor control centers, our big drives, our independent cart technology and so on. That isn't representing the biggest challenge to us. Those are very different processes. Those configure-to-order businesses come in with varying degrees of customization specific to a customer. But the big dynamic that we've been talking about in Q1 is the move from a somewhat concentrated list of SKUs that we have backlog building -- that backlog built up because we couldn't get the chips, moving to book-and-bill of a more diverse set of SKUs as we see the largest portion of our shipments coming from orders received in that quarter, not one or two or three quarters prior. So, that's the main dynamic that we're working through. You have much less visibility to what's coming in from that book-and-bill profile. So that's one of the changes. And what Nick was talking about in the previous question is we're in the process of building up safety stock in those areas so that we can deal with the ebb and flow of the normal order book, in a quarter being able to turn that around and convert those orders to shipments in the quarter. So, those are the processes that are somewhat different from what -- the world we've been living in for the last year or so, to what we're transitioning to and we'll continue to operate in, we hope, for a long time.
Noah Kaye: Thanks Blake. If I could ask just one follow-up. I think you're not -- you reiterated your organic industry segment outlook essentially for the full year. Is there any change or shift you've seen in the timing of demand and orders for any of the major segments or subsegments? It does seem like most of the cadence here is really driven by your own production considerations and where channel inventory is. But is there any shift in timing you can see among the end-customers?
Blake Moret: Yes, I think you said it right. The largest impact is based on getting those shipments out the door, being able to see the distributors return to equilibrium. We continue to see good activity in process applications. We talked about oil and gas, specialty chemical, mining. These are all areas that are relatively strong. Certainly, we've seen some slowdown in certain of the EV projects, but those projects are continuing. We're continuing to win new business in those areas. And as I talked about in my prepared remarks, in traditional internal combustion engines and in hybrid manufacturing, we have very good readiness to serve in those areas as well, with a lot of experience. So, in a year of low growth, we're not seeing any big ebbs and flows in the vertical end-market needs being the predominant factor in any changes through the year.
Noah Kaye: Understood. Thanks Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks.
Aijana Zellner: Juliane, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Our last question will come from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to ask about the back half of the year margin profile. And it does seem like a transition from maybe a higher concentration of a narrower band of products that you would have had shipping out of backlog in 2023 compared to more kind of book-and-shipping quarter in 2024 is a bit of a mix headwind. And so when we think about back half of 2024 margins being better than back half of 2023, can you expand on that a little bit? Is it Devices is up, Lifecycle is up, maybe Software and Control is down a bit year-over-year? Just trying to contemplate what could still be a year-over-year mix headwind as you broaden out the book and ship?
Blake Moret: Yes, I think what you're seeing from a positive standpoint is the greater percentage of products as those orders increase through the year. To be sure, we are seeing some headwind based on the comparables with the year where Logix grew over 30% last year as one of our most profitable product lines. But the other point is that, recognizing the puts and takes in this year, we did take cost out beginning in Q4 of the last year. And so that gives us help to being able to push those margins at the exit of 2024 higher than they were. That's in -- across our business and functions, most noticeably in Lifecycle Services.
Joe O'Dea: Great. And then just on the sort of channel inventory observations, and it sounds like taking a little bit longer than previously anticipated to get channel inventories to targeted levels, what are your observations of why that is in terms of kind of end market demand patterns or maybe a little bit more inventory out there than you appreciated for why it would be more middle of the year versus first half of the year where we would have seen channel inventory correct?
Blake Moret: We're really talking about variability that could be in the area of weeks or a month. I wouldn't read too much into talking middle of the year versus second quarter. We did see a good double-digit sequential increase in orders in Q1. We expect that again in Q2. January represents a sequential increase based on what we've seen so far from Q1. And so we continue to see that inventory at our distributors coming down pretty much as we expected.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Joe, I'll just add. I mean, we're obviously in close dialogue with all of our distributors, and a high percentage of them are affirming to us that they expect to be done with -- they're reducing excess inventory sometime during Q2 and that they're at an equilibrium point there.
Joe O'Dea: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes today's conference call.
Operator: At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-02 10:32:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later on the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Abby. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2023 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our Web site. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our Web site for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our Web site at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to our fourth quarter results on Slide 3. We delivered strong double digit growth this quarter, with both sales and adjusted earnings growing by over 20% year-over-year. Our solid execution and improving supply chain helped us exceed our Q4 expectations, resulting in double digit sales growth across all regions and business segments.  With lead times significantly improving across our product lines, we were able to deliver products to customers faster than expected this quarter, contributing to over $2.5 billion in total sales. This record shipment reflects Rockwell's continued capacity investments, and demonstrates our organization's ability to scale for sustained growth.  Total sales were up 20.5% versus prior year. Organic sales grew almost 18% year-over-year. Currency translation and acquisitions each contributed about a 1.5 of growth in the quarter. Consistent with prior quarters, the split of our sales by business segment, region and industry was largely driven by the composition of our backlog.  In our intelligent devices business segment, organic sales increased 18% versus prior year with strong growth across all regions. Within this segment, Independent Cart Technology had another strong quarter, finishing this fiscal year with over 50% growth in sales. This offering continues to be an integral part of our advanced material handling and production logistics offering.  We are excited about our latest addition to this differentiated portfolio with our acquisition of Clearpath Robotics, and I will cover some strategic highlights of this deal later on the call. Software and control organic sales grew 23% year-over-year.  We continue to innovate in both the software and hardware portions of our architecture, with significant new offerings such as high availability, process IO, FactoryTalk optics, and FactoryTalk data mosaics. We are pleased with how our organic and inorganic investments in this business are delivering new customer value and continued share gains.  Lifecycle Services organic sales were up over 10% year-over-year. Book to bill in this segment was 0.97 and above the historical average for Q4. Within this segment, our Sensia joint venture had a strong finish to the year with over 50% year-over-year order growth in the quarter. This growth was driven by strategic wins in process automation and artificial lift control systems, positioning this business for continued double digit growth and improved profitability in fiscal year '24.  Information Solutions and Connected Services sales grew 10% versus prior year. One of the largest Information Solutions wins ever was with Prometeon Tyre, a global leader in tyre manufacturing headquartered in Italy. This customer was already using our cloud native Plex quality management system, and has recently selected our on-prem MES software to digitize the manufacturing processes at a number of their global sites. This win not only demonstrates the standalone differentiation of our modular offerings, but also highlights the value from the integration of our entire portfolio, making it easier for customers to standardize their global operations.  Within Connected Services, we continue to grow our cybersecurity practice with Q4 sales growing 30% year-over-year. Our industrial cybersecurity software and expertise along with differentiated partnerships on the IT security front are helping us grow our cybersecurity services into a business of well over $100 million this fiscal year, with a significant portion of this being recurring revenue. Total annual recurring revenue grew 16% year-over-year. That's a good number, and ARR is a meaningful contributor to our future growth framework.  Segment margin of 22.3% was in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $3.64, which is a company record for quarterly earnings, grew almost 20% year-over-year. Significantly improving lead times in our Q4 shipment over performance contributed to rapid backlog production in the quarter. We are ending the year with over $4.1 billion in backlog, over 40% coverage of annual sales, which is still well above pre-pandemic levels. A return to superior customer service remains our highest priority.  Let's now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q4 end market performance. Our discrete sales grew over 15% versus prior year. Within discrete, automotive sales were up 30% year-over-year, reflecting continued strength of our offerings in both electric vehicle and battery. Our EV business was close to 40% of our total automotive revenue in the quarter, growing double digits both year-over-year and sequentially.  One of our strategic battery wins was with Nanotech Energy, a startup with new and innovative energy storage technologies. Nanotech has chosen Rockwell as their exclusive automation partner to build new battery Gigafactories. Semiconductor sales grew high single digits. We continue to take share in facilities management control system applications and major semiconductor companies across the globe.  In addition to our existing portfolio, we continue to win and build down a strong funnel of advanced wafer transport solutions, leveraging our Independent Cart Technology across customers' greenfield and brownfield projects. We're also participating in the rapid build down of data centers to support cloud computing and artificial intelligence.  Our control systems are used to control and optimize the environment and safety systems in these facilities. And our recent CUBIC acquisition extends our reach into the power distribution portion of data centers. We've seeing some strategic wins in Asia and in the U.S. in the quarter with more to come.  In our e-commerce and warehouse automation vertical, sales declined mid-single digits versus prior year. After several quarters of customer delays and cancellations in the e-commerce portion of this vertical, we're starting to see new investments, especially in North America, positioning us for low single digit year-over-year growth in fiscal year '24.  Turning to our hybrid industries, strong sales in this segment were paced by good growth in food and beverage, our largest customer vertical. Food and beverage sales grew low double digits versus prior year. In addition to continued cybersecurity and infrastructure modernization wins in this vertical, we had several wins in Q4 incorporating generative AI functionality, where our digital services business is helping our CPG customers use real-time AI assistance as they develop new products, formulations and recipes.  Life Sciences sales grew mid single digits in the quarter. This vertical is a great example of how we are delivering expanded customer value through a combination of software, hardware and digital services capabilities. This quarter, our PlantPAx system was selected by [indiscernible], a global biotechnology company developing innovative and affordable cancer medicines for their process control and environmental monitoring solutions at a greenfield site in New Jersey. Tire was up high teens in the quarter with multiple wins across the globe, including the large software deal at Prometeon Tyre I mentioned earlier on the call. Moving to process. Sales in this industry segment grew over 25% year-over-year, led by strong growth in oil and gas, mining and metals. Oil and gas sales were up over 30% in the quarter. This growth was driven by a combination of digital oilfield solutions, including process safety and lift control in EMEA and Asia, as well as several new carbon capture wins in North America. We continue to grow our process industry footprint with the combination of Sensia and Rockwell oil and gas capabilities.  We had a notable win this quarter at Multitex Filtration Engineers, an India headquartered global EPC company working on onshore and offshore projects. This was a competitive DCS win for Rockwell, with one of the largest government-owned oil and gas explorer and producers in India. And we are excited to partner with Multitex as they increase their footprint in the U.S. and Middle East. Turning now to Slide 5 and our Q4 organic regional sales. Once again our sales by region in Q4 and for the full year fiscal year '23 reflect the composition of our backlog rather than the underlying customer demand. Our full year orders in the Americas outperformed the rest of the world. North America organic sales were up over 12% year-over-year, but Latin America and EMEA sales grew over 20% in the quarter and Asia Pacific was up over 31%. While we saw strong sales growth in China in fiscal year '23, we continue to see high order deferrals and cancellations in China. Let's move to Slide 6, key highlights of fiscal year 2023. We had a record year of sales and earnings with our total sales exceeding $9 billion. We achieved this milestone ahead of the timeframe we anticipated when we introduced our framework for accelerated profitable growth at Investor Day in 2019. Both reported and organic sales grew 17% this year, well above our original expectations.  Information Solutions and Connected Services were up 9% year-over-year, reaching over $870 million, demonstrating our customers' accelerated adoption of new digital offerings. This is almost 3x what this figure was in 2018. Total ARR grew 16% with strong growth in both our software-as-a-service and recurring services offerings. Our strong operating performance resulted in 140 basis points of segment margin expansion versus prior year. Adjusted EPS of $12.12 was up 28%. We generated a record $1.2 billion of free cash flow this year. The much better free cash flow conversion in the quarter was primarily driven by improved working capital. This represents 86% free cash flow conversion for the year, and Nick will provide more detail in his remarks. And last but not least, we continue to invest in key areas of growth. In the last few months, we made two acquisitions, Clearpath and Verve, to further expand our value and accelerate top line growth.  While we'll talk more about those investments at our upcoming Investor Day, let's turn to Slide 7 and take a few minutes to share why we are excited about the impact Clearpath will have on both our near and longer term growth. As we've shared with you earlier in the quarter, Clearpath is a leader in autonomous mobile robots, or AMRs, serving customers across many industry segments.  Their differentiated portfolio of auto brand AMRs is focused on the production logistics space, where customers traditionally have relied on manual labor to move raw materials and subassemblies to the right place on production lines, and also to move finished goods to shipping docks and warehouses. These workflows have been identified by many automotive companies, semiconductor fabs, and consumer packaged goods suppliers as their top opportunity for efficiency and increased safety.  Given the workforce shortage and skills gap, along with the overall move to more autonomous operations, the market for industrial mobile robots in factory floor applications is expected to grow over 30% for the next five years, and we believe no one is better positioned to capitalize on this growth than Rockwell and Clearpath. Together, we are the only end-to-end provider of autonomous operations in this space.  We'll bring together our FactoryTalk design capabilities to configure and simulate the production environment, including these AMRs, integrate with our cloud native operations management software, like Plex and Fiix, and optimize the production process with our logics and embedded AI capabilities, all with one technology platform.  This is an important milestone for Rockwell, and you will see more of what this can do for industrial operations at Automation Fair and Investor Day next week. We closed this acquisition in early October and expect it to contribute about a point of growth to our top line performance in fiscal year '24.  As we move to Slide 8, let's review our fiscal 2024 outlook. Consistent with what we shared with you on our last earnings call, our orders continued to decrease in fiscal 2023 reaching what we believe to be a trough in our fourth quarter. Orders for the full year were $8.2 billion. We expect fiscal year '24 orders to increase low single digits year-over-year. Order growth is expected to be highest in the Americas. Asia orders are expected to be down year-over-year due to China. However, a relatively low exposure to China helps to reduce the impact on our global results.  The lead times on our products have largely returned to pre-pandemic levels, with the remainder of our SKUs getting back to normal lead times around the end of our fiscal Q1. This addresses the final golden screw constraints to shipping past due backlog and clearing committed inventory at our distributors. Based on our analysis of lead time reduction by product line, distributor inventory and underlying demand at our largest machine builders and end users, we expect orders to begin to recover in Q1 and build in Q2.  Customers continue to move forward with plans for both greenfield and brownfield capacity investments and also with resilience projects requiring increased cybersecurity and digitization. In the U.S., we've been adding commercial resources specifically focused on projects that are incented by recent stimulus authorized by legislation, including infrastructure, IRA and the CHIPS and Science Act. This team won new business during the second half of fiscal year '23 with the strong funnel of additional projects expected to close in fiscal year '24.  Our fiscal '24 guidance assumes total reported sales of about $9.4 billion at the midpoint. Organic sales are projected to grow 1% at the midpoint. Currency is expected to increase sales by 1.5% and acquisitions are slated to contribute about a point of growth. We are projecting ARR to have another year of double digit growth. Segment margin is expected to increase slightly versus prior year. Nick will cover this in more detail later.  Adjusted EPS is slated to grow 5% year-over-year at the midpoint. At a high level, we expect strong conversion on slightly higher year-over-year organic sales. Good performance in reducing backlog during Q4 of fiscal '23 put forward about $100 million of revenue and $0.25 of earnings. Clearpath is expected to reduce fiscal year '24 adjusted earnings by a similar amount.  Let me turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q4 performance and financial outlook for fiscal '24. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 9, fourth quarter key financial information. Fourth quarter reported sales were up 20.5% over last year. Q4 organic sales were up 17.7% and acquisitions contributed 140 basis points to growth. Currency translation increased sales by 140 basis points. About 6 points of our organic growth came from price.  Segment operating margin was 22.3% compared to 23.3% a year ago. The year-over-year decrease reflects the impact of higher sales volume and higher price being more than offset by higher incentive compensation, investment spend and restructuring actions.  Adjusted EPS of $3.64 was above our expectations, primarily due to higher organic sales, partially offset by higher investment spend and incentive compensation. We also took a restructuring charge in the quarter of just over $20 million, which is expected to yield more than $40 million of benefits on an annualized basis. All-in, adjusted EPS grew 20% versus prior year. I'll cover our year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide.  The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 17%, slightly below the prior year rate. Free cash flow of $776 million was $417 million higher than prior year. Our strong free cash flow generation in the quarter was driven by higher income and reductions in working capital. As you know, due to supply chain volatility, we have seen working capital balances grow over the last couple of years. And we are pleased to see our action starting to bring working capital down.  One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased approximately 200,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $55 million. On September 30, $900 million remained available under our repurchase authorization.  Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Blake discussed our top line performance in the quarter, so I'll focus on our margin performance. Given our pay-for-performance culture and strong results, all of our business segments saw higher bonus expense this year. In Q4, this represented between 200 and 300 basis points of year-over-year margin headwinds for each of the segments.  Intelligent devices margin decreased by 100 basis points year-over-year, and was up 450 basis points sequentially, because of higher volume. Within intelligent devices, we are investing in our next generation portfolio of drives in IO. Software and control margin of 33.5% decreased 100 basis points year-over-year.  Our strong Q4 margin was driven by 25% year-over-year top line growth. This is the segment with the highest share of incremental investment as we continue to invest in next generation logics performance and our cloud native software portfolio.  Lifecycle Services margin was 8.4% and was under the 10% exit rate we anticipated. In addition to a higher bonus, this segment was the most impacted by the restructuring charges taken in the quarter. Absent those two items, the margin for this segment came in as we planned.  Before moving to the adjusted EPS walk, I'd like to talk about our Sensia joint venture. Challenged by the pandemic and global supply chain constraints, this joint venture underperformed our initial expectations for 2020 through 2023. Our updated outlook, which includes this lower base, resulted in a partial goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter.  Sensia's one-time items and supply chain-related inefficiencies in recent quarters are largely behind us. Sensia delivered double digit top line growth in fiscal '23 and has strong orders growth, as Blake mentioned. Going forward, we expect profitable double digit growth from Sensia.  The next slide, 11, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q4 fiscal '22 to Q4 fiscal '23. Core performance was up $1.05 on a 17.7% organic sales increase. Incentive compensation was a $0.45 headwind. This year-over-year increase reflects the higher bonus payout this year versus a below target payout last year.  The year-over-year impact from currency was a $0.05 headwind offset by a $0.10 tailwind from interest expense. Share count and tax rate were each immaterial to the year-over-year change in EPS this quarter.  Slide 12 provides key financial information for the full fiscal year 2023. Reported sales grew 17% to $9.1 billion, including over one point coming from acquisitions. Currency negatively impacted sales by approximately $100 million or 1.4 points. Organic sales were up 17%.  Full year segment margin of 21.3% increased 140 basis points over last year. The increase was due to higher sales, partially offset by higher investment spend and higher incentive compensation. We accelerated growth investments for fiscal '23 above our original expectations as our revenue outperformed. Adjusted EPS was up 28%. A detailed year-over-year adjusted EPS walk can be found in the appendix for your reference.  As discussed earlier, free cash flow conversion was ahead of our expectations with free cash flow conversion of 86% in fiscal '23. Free cash flow increased $532 million since fiscal '22. The increase in free cash flow was driven by higher pre-tax income. Working Capital peaked in Q3 at 24% of sales and came down to 20% in Q4.  Return on invested capital was 20.9% for fiscal '23 and 570 basis points better than the prior year, primarily driven by higher net income. For the year, we deployed about $850 million of capital towards dividends and share repurchases and made inorganic investments of $170 million. We also paid down debt by about $870 million. Our capital structure and liquidity remains strong. This strength is what allowed us to fund our acquisitions in the first quarter of fiscal year '24 without any new long-term debt.  Before we turn to our fiscal '24 guidance, we want to update you on Q4 orders and our current thinking as we look forward. In Q4, orders decreased quicker than we expected as machine builders and distributors continued to work through inventory in response to our rapidly improving lead times. As Blake said, we believe Q4 was the trough and orders in October support that view. We expect fiscal year '24 orders to grow low single digits with an order profile similar to what we discussed in Q3. Let's now move on to the next slide, 13, guidance for fiscal '24. In fiscal year '24, we are focusing on growing earnings, even in a year of low top line growth. At the same time, we'll continue to invest in our own resilience, in our most important innovation projects to extend our differentiation and in customer-facing resources to capitalize on continuing strong secular demand for automation.  We expect our reported sales growth to range from 0.5% to 6.5%. We expect organic sales growth in the range of negative 2% to positive 4%. We expect acquisitions to add 100 basis points to growth, in addition to a full year currency tailwind of 150 basis points. From a segment perspective, given our exceptionally strong backlog execution in software and control that resulted in 25% top line growth in fiscal year '23, we expect this segment to see the lowest growth in fiscal year '24. We expect positive organic sales growth in both our Intelligent Devices and Lifecycle Services segments.  We expect price will be a positive contributor to growth for the year. Segment margin will be around 21.5%, up slightly from fiscal year '23. This includes a 60 basis point headwind coming from the acquisitions of Clearpath and Verve. Verve's impact to adjusted EPS is relatively flat in fiscal year '24.  Clearpath will reduce earnings per share in fiscal year '24 by $0.25 on an unlevered basis. This impact reflects continued R&D and commercialization investments as well as integration expenses. We expect the Clearpath acquisition to become accretive to earnings in fiscal year '26. We expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. Our adjusted EPS guidance range is $12.00 to $13.50.  We expect full year fiscal '24 free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. This reflects our expectation that inventory days on hand will drop to 125 days by the end of fiscal year '24 compared to approximately 140 days of inventory we had at the end of fiscal year '23. Our outlook for cash tax payments is higher due to a tax payment for realized capital gains on the sale of our stake in PTC and higher tax payments required under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We expect free cash flow conversion in the first half to be well below 100%, mostly tied to the timing of our incentive compensation payout and income tax payments.  From a calendarization perspective, we expect year-over-year organic sales to grow in the low single digits in Q1, followed by sequential growth in sales volume as we progress through the year. As a result of our strong Q4 backlog performance, volumes will be down from Q4 to Q1. Given this dynamic, Q1 is projected to be our lowest margin quarter with sequential improvement throughout the year.  For the full year, let's turn to Slide 14 for our adjusted EPS walk. Our core is expected to have a modest positive impact on earnings of about $0.05 from fiscal year '23 to fiscal year '24. Structural productivity from our Q4 actions is expected to increase earnings by $0.25, while increased growth investments will reduce earnings by $0.55.  Incentive compensation for fiscal year '23 was above target due to strong performance. So this represents a tailwind of $0.85 for fiscal '24. Acquisitions will be dilutive by $0.25. Our 150 basis points of sales growth from currency will add $0.25, and the net of interest tax and shares will contribute about $0.05.  A few additional comments on fiscal '24 guidance. Corporate and other expense is expected to be around $120 million. Net interest expense for fiscal '24 is expected to be about $115 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 115.3 million shares. We expect to deploy between $300 million and $500 million to share repurchases during the year.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As I reflect on 2023, it's clear our continued investments in talent and technology are paying off. I'm proud of how our tight knit organization has navigated through a dynamic environment and helped us deliver a record year of sales and earnings exceeding expectations. Looking at the year ahead of us, we are aware of the macroeconomic backdrop and the geopolitical situation that continues to change every day. You heard us talk today about focusing and optimizing our workforce productivity so that we can continue investing in key areas of growth.  Our customers rely on our continued innovation and differentiation to provide energy and critical infrastructure security across the globe to help bring new life saving drugs to market and to use leading technology to augment and enable their workforce.  We look forward to seeing a lot of you at our Investor Day in Boston next week, where we will be sharing our long-term business strategy and some of the most exciting developments across our key markets and applications.  Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow up. Abby, let's take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys, and Aijana.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Scott.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: A lot here, and I'm glad you're doing the Investor Day, because I think there's a lot to dig in here. But until we get there, can you give us a little bit more color on the China comments just around delays and cancellations? It's not a shock, given what we're reading, but maybe a little bit more granularity on what you're seeing there?
Blake Moret: Sure. So just for context, China's about 6% of our worldwide sales, so big manufacturing economy but relatively low exposure for Rockwell there. And we saw very strong sales in China for the year. But in China, the orders were lower. And that is the source of the cancellations that we did see. While our worldwide cancellations are roughly in line with what we've been seeing, China is the highest component of that. And I would say it's broad based. It's not one particular industry. We still see wins and investments in areas like EV, but the distributors that most of our products go to market through in China still have relatively high inventories and they're working that off.
Scott Davis: Okay, that's helpful. And you mentioned that the goodwill impairment on Sensia, but it looks like the next few years, the outlook there is pretty darn good. How do you kind of pair that up? And I would imagine you don't take it too lightly when you take a goodwill impairment. So I'll just stop there.
Blake Moret: Sure, Scott. So we launched the entity with at the time Schlumberger a few months before the pandemic, so that was in 2019. And the lower base that resulted from COVID shutdowns and the subsequent supply chain shortages along with a refinement of some of the original mix assumptions caused us to take the impairment. We've changed out the management team at Sensia. And we've seen the last couple of quarters of encouraging improvement. We have great orders, good backlog, and improving profitability. And so we expect over the next few years that Sensia will actually be quite a large contributor to the improved profitability in Lifecycle Services.
Scott Davis: Yes, I would assume that too. Okay, I'll pass it on. Thank you. I appreciate it. Good luck. I'll see you next week.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hi, Andy.
Nick Gangestad: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, just focusing on your guidance of low single digit order growth in FY '24 on your confidence of a trough in orders in Q4 '23, could you give us more color in terms of what gives you that confidence? You mentioned orders in October are supporting your view. Maybe you could elaborate on what you're seeing. And then obviously, there have been many conversations regarding mega projects and where we are in that cycle. Do you see your orders being more lumpy centered around mega projects in FY '24 and what are the verticals that they're most likely to come from?
Blake Moret: Sure. Thanks, Andy. So first of all, in terms of the orders development, we saw orders ramp up throughout Q4. And then we saw October orders up sequentially from that, and supportive of our view that Q4 was the trough. We expect orders to continue recovering throughout Q1 and building in Q2. So that's the view in terms of the orders development. And that's based on what we're seeing what I just described, as well as direct discussions with our end users and machine builders that have the largest contribution to our business. So we went and did a detailed analysis of their CapEx expectations, their OpEx expectations, what projects that we have the opportunities with. And that coupled with our own personal views and with our distributor feedback are all supportive of this shape of the order recovery curve. In terms of the mega projects, I don't know that that's going to contribute so much to the lumpiness. I think it's going to be a positive, additional amount of business that builds throughout fiscal year '24 and beyond. The majority of the projects that we're tracking, and we're tracking literally hundreds of projects that are incented by some of the recent stimulus, the majority of those projects have not made a decision or have not released the automation equipment. So when you look at those projects, certain equipment, which would probably include switchgear, things like that, would be led earlier in the project cycle with automation to follow after that. So we think that we're still in the early innings with respect to those mega projects. And our tracking processes and our early wins are very encouraging.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful, Blake. And Nick maybe just going over your margin expectation a little more for the segments in '24. You already answered Scott's question on Sensia. But what's your confidence level that we do you see a step up in '24 in Lifecycle Services? And then particularly in Intelligent Devices, obviously, that segment has had let's call it some perturbation, some supply chain, do you see more normal environment and improvements in '24 in that segment?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. In terms of expectations by segment for fiscal year '24, we do expect that Lifecycle Services will be the most significant year-on-year margin expander. And to answer your question, we are highly competent in that based on the actions that we have taken in '23 and based on the outlook we have for that business in '24. On the opposite side, software and control, we saw outstanding growth in fiscal year '23, as we had strong execution on our backlog. And we expect that business to be the one with the lowest organic growth and then that will translate into lower year-on-year margin in our software and control business, primarily driven by that lower growth. And it happens to also be the segment where we're putting the majority of our incremental investments. From an Intelligent Devices perspective, that's one where we expect the margins year-on-year to be flat to up slightly. And that is with the impact of Clearpath in there. Clearpath is for this segment alone about 100 basis point headwind. And that will be impacting throughout the year. But we'll definitely be seeing that impact in Q1 in Intelligent Devices. And the actions that we've been doing in Intelligent Devices around our productivity and our investments in products, that's what's leading us to expect margins to be flat to up slightly.
Andy Kaplowitz: I appreciate the color, guys.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, all.
Blake Moret: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. I just want to come back to kind of orders and backlog. I'm just kind of confused by the comment that orders ramped during Q4, right? The ending backlog is 4.1 billion. You were guiding 4.5 billion to 5 billion. I know you pulled forward 100 million in sales, right? But maybe just bridge us on what happened other than that sales pull forward. How much of it was cancellations versus just kind of regular way order normalization, if there's a way to do that?
Blake Moret: Sure. Let me make a couple of comments, Jeff. And then Nick may have some to add as well. So we saw orders increasing. If you look at beginning of the quarter of Q4 to the end, we saw orders exit at a higher rate than at the beginning of Q4, and then with a good uptick from that sequentially in October. So that was the ramp we were talking about, and why we believe that Q4 was the trough for orders.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. And, Jeff, just to go a little deeper in that, what we're seeing -- one of the dynamics we're seeing in Q4 and we expect to continue through Q1 as well is our channel partners, our distributors working to right size their inventory as we are seeing -- as they are seeing good reductions in our lead times. They're doing the right actions of bringing their inventory levels down. And that's resulting in lower orders being placed on us. And we expect that to continue through Q1. And we think Q2, as we -- and as we discuss with all of our distributors, Q2 is where that will start to change where the inventory levels at our distributors will be reaching the normal level that they expect. So partly I say that just to say, we don't really see this level of orders we're seeing now as normalized. We're seeing them the correct reaction to the actions they're taking to bring their inventory levels down.
Blake Moret: And if I can add to that. So our distributors are seeing a higher level of incoming orders than they in turn are placing on us due to their high inventory levels. So we have, as you would imagine, very good visibility into our distributors' incoming orders from their customers, from their end users and the machine builders. And that order activity is higher than what they're in turn placing on us. So that gives us additional confidence that orders will ramp up as their inventory situation comes down.
Jeff Sprague: And then maybe just on the guide. If I heard right, I think you said you're expecting positive organic growth in Q1. Obviously, you have a negative in your guide range. I would have thought if that negative were to happen, it would actually happen in Q1 with this order normalization. So maybe just kind of talk about your thought process of what gets you to the negative organic growth for the year versus being positive in Q1?
Blake Moret: Sure. So at the negative end, you would see a slower reduction of inventories at our distributors and a deterioration in the macro. At the upper end of the range, you would see distributors stabilizing their inventory at higher levels than they did before. So getting back to that equilibrium and placing orders that are more reflective of the underlying demand from users and integrators and machine builders. And you would also see at the high end some of the impact from the big projects being spurred by stimulus, specifically in the U.S. I should add as well that on the high end if we talk about total sales, some of the performance in terms of new acquisitions I think there's some opportunity there as well.
Nick Gangestad: And, Jeff, to follow up on the one question about why Q1, why we think that will be low single digit growth? Yes. If we were only looking at the orders, your question would -- that would make sense why not negative. However, we also continue to have a 4.1 billion backlog that we're entering the year with. And so what we're seeing in our Q1 revenue is a combination of continued sales of some of that backlog coupled with the lower orders we're expecting in Q1.
Blake Moret: Yes. And if I could just add one additional piece. We do expect shipments to ramp sequentially in terms of volume through the year. You get into a little bit of the math of comparables based on having such strong shipments at the tail end of the year that enters into the math of the year-over-year growth as well.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you for the color.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Maybe just to unpack this minus 2% growth rate limit further, historically, there's been a strong connection between CapEx and your sort of view of the growth rate. I'm sure you'll tell us a lot more about it at the Analyst Day in your new framework. I fully appreciate it. But what kind of macro do we need to see for minus 2% to manifest itself? Does this imply push outs of EV batteries? Could you just describe the macro environment behind the minus 2% [indiscernible] forecast? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think that would contemplate push outs that turn into cancellations quite frankly, whereas if a project is pushed by a couple of months, it's not going to have a big impact in the year. But if some of those projects or a larger amount of those projects rolled over into deferrals or cancellations, if people said [indiscernible] just kidding about EV, we don't need to build out the semiconductor industry process, which is 35% of our business, if people aren't looking to increase energy, both hydrocarbon and renewable energy forms in the U.S. If we saw a significant reduction of those projects, I think that would contribute to that minus -- that downside part of the range.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just to follow up, ARR of 16%, which is pretty decent for an industrial software company, nice exit rate. So what kind of software growth is embedded? What kind of ARR assumptions are in your '24 forecast? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, we're looking at 15% ARR. And we're very proud of that ARR number, because it's broad based. It's not just the newer acquisitions like Plex and Fiix, but it's our traditional offerings as well, some of the on-prem software. And as we go through the year, based on overall Rockwell, we do expect ARR to increase to above 9% of our total sales in the year. It's a combination, both of the software as well as the high value recurring services. We made some organizational changes to supercharge that area. And that along with some of the new developments and offerings that we have, make us very optimistic about the contribution that ARR is going to have to our overall growth. And obviously, we like the resiliency that it gives our results by not starting each year at zero with respect to software sales.
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. Maybe I just wanted to follow up first off on Nick your comments on the first quarter. So is the right assumption sort of low single digit organic growth in Q1, as you said? And then margins for the year are guided flattish for the total company. Are we assuming kind of Q1 is similar to that year-on-year just given the acquisition headwinds and so forth? So you have sort of sales up and little bit margins flat and then earnings up a little bit year-on-year then.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, thanks for asking that question. Q1 organic growth year-on-year we think will be low single digits. On the margin question, Q1 of last year, we had a margin of 20%. We expect that to be lower year-on-year in fiscal year '24. And there's three things that are going to be mainly contributing to it being lower. One is our Clearpath acquisition and the impact that will have. The second is mix that we see a less favorable mix in the first quarter of the products that we will be selling. And we think we'll be having lower utilization in our factories as we're adjusting our production to these lower orders. And we think those three things in combination are going to be resulting in lower margin year-on-year.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then I just wanted to come back to the revenue outlook. So one question maybe, we look at North America. I think the guide implies maybe sales are up mid single digits there or something this year. And in '23, North America was the lowest growth region globally. And so we're sort of seven years on from U.S.-China tariffs, two years on from the IIJA. Is it just the pace of these onshore and stimulus projects is so much slower than perhaps people often hope or assume? And just wanted to check that for the year, are you assuming -- it looks like the book to bill will be about 0.9x. Is that correct and what's embedded in the orders and sales color? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Let me start with the Americas discussion and then Nick can follow up with a little bit on the book to bill. So the Americas actually outpaced the rest of the world with respect to orders. And we expect that to continue in fiscal year '24. We've talked about for a few quarters now based on shipping from backlog, in some case fairly aged backlog, that our distribution of growth by region and by industry segment is more a factor of the backlog than the current underlying demand. And you're correct that we do expect the highest growth region to be the Americas going forward. With respect to the impact of stimulus, we're still in the early innings there. The business that we're winning there is really just ramping up. We saw some good development in the second half of last year. But by far, there's more business to come based on the projects that we're tracking.
Nick Gangestad: And, Julian, the question on the book to bill, yes, your math is right. Approximately 90% book to bill for the full year below that in the first half of the year and above that in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hi, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So we got about thousands questions on backlog, so why not have one more? So the 0.9x book to bill for the full year seems to suggest that we're going to be down sort of the low $3 billion for the year -- by the end of '24. I'm wondering, do we go below that level first half once distributors' kind of stop cutting inventories and then rebuild? Just wondering where you see the backlog stabilizing?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, we see the backlog stabilizing, I think I said this on the last quarter earnings call as well, that at 30% to 35% of annualized revenue is what we think is the normalized backlog level we will be at given the mix of our businesses that we have.
Blake Moret: So that would indicate an exit of the fiscal year at above $3 billion.
Nick Gangestad: Correct.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And that is consistent with what you've said as well. And then just on sort of the -- and Nick, we're talking about $1.4 billion of orders in the fourth quarter fiscal, if you can just kind of verify that, that'd be helpful. And then on the FY '24 bridge, a couple of things. FX, you're assuming 1.5 points of a tailwind. The math we're getting is probably more like a minus one for the full year. So just wondering where are we wrong there? And then on the Lifecycle Services margin expansion, I think it makes sense if based on history, but just wondering what drove improving margins there in '24?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I'll try to do those in reverse order. In terms of the things drawing down the margin in the fourth quarter, the two main things were our restructuring actions that had an outsized impact on the Lifecycle Services as well as the increased bonus expense that we were facing. Now as we flipped into '24, the bonus expense will be a tailwind to all businesses and Lifecycle Services margin will benefit from that. But also from the actions that we took in 2023, we think those will also be a propellant of Lifecycle Services margin expansion into '24. On the currency side, given our mix of businesses and what we're projecting, many of the currencies were just using what the current spot rate is going forward. In some currencies, such as the euro, what we will use is a group of banks and what they're expecting for a particular currency in the coming year. And so roughly 1.5% year-on-year benefit is coming from our expectations for currencies in fiscal year '24. And then in terms of the orders, we haven't been giving it by quarter. We did say orders were 8.2 billion for the full year. At the midpoint of the year, we had said they were 4.8 billion. And therefore, we're at 3.4 billion in the second half of the year. The third quarter was above that average, the average of 1.7 was above that. Fourth quarter was slightly below that level. So we saw from Q3 to Q4, it goes down further. But we haven't been giving it by quarter what our orders are.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, Nick, helpful.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Nick Gangestad: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just on the bridge, can you just maybe -- the incentive comp is a big tailwind, it make sense. It was a headwind this year. Can you just maybe help us with how that breaks out in the first and second quarter here? What type of tailwind you expect there?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. First, for the full year, I'll just actually say actual numbers. Our total bonus expense in fiscal year '23 is approximately $240 million. And in our plans for fiscal year '24, it's dropping to $120 million. And that expectation of $120 million, that's spread exactly equally across the four quarters of '24. In '23, that $240 million was -- I can give you the actual numbers of how that broke out, Steve, if that helps.
Steve Tusa: Yes.
Nick Gangestad: 50 million in Q1, 58 million in Q2, 56 million in Q3 and 80 million in Q4.
Steve Tusa: Wow, great detail. Thanks for that. On the orders, how much of the headwind were actual cancellations? I'm not sure I caught that earlier. What the actual cancellation number was?
Blake Moret: Yes, the cancellations were in a similar range to what we've been talking about, which is to say they were not the major contributor to the orders, a decrease. The main contributor by far to the orders decrease is the high inventory levels at the distributors. So cancellations were a relatively small piece of it. At this point, clearing those final golden screw or fourth wheel constrained components to be able to allow distributors to shift, complete bills and material is also a smaller component of the overall contributor to the orders down in Q4.
Steve Tusa: Okay. One last one just on the bridge, the $0.25 of acquisition headwind is pretty big for the Clearpath business, given it's a relatively small revenue number. That's all kind of incremental investments you are making, or that's how much money the business is losing or what's driving that? So to heed, the $0.25 is a pretty big number.
Blake Moret: Yes, Steve. First of all, as Nick said, we expect the Clearpath contribution to be accretive in fiscal year '26. This is an important strategic move for Rockwell, and one that I think will be apparent as we talk about it and demonstrate it next week. The dilution in fiscal year '24 is based on a combination of them ramping their capability. So think of it as somewhat of a startup mode, but also as making sure that we surround it with the right resources to fully integrate it as quickly as possible into Rockwell to be able to provide that value for customers. So that's not only the technical resources, but it's the commercial resources, it's the infrastructure to help them drive cost out of their operations and drive unit cost out of those AMRs. And so it is some additional investment from Rockwell's part to make sure that we integrate this really thoroughly, because this is a major milestone for us.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks for the color, guys. Really appreciate the details.
Aijana Zellner: Abby, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thanks for all the details in the guide. Just one housekeeping item. What is the price rollover contribution for 2024, or what is the total contribution of price to organic growth for '24? And then what are you assuming for cost inflation?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. We are assuming that price growth will be slightly over 1% year-over-year. And in terms of input costs, we're expecting that to be very neutral year-over-year, causing the net price cost to be a little over 100 basis points accreted to margin.
Noah Kaye: Perfect. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session today. I will now turn the call back to Ms. Aijana Zellner for closing remarks.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you everyone for joining us today. That concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, you may disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later on the call, we will open up the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to our third quarter results on Slide 3. We saw good double-digit growth in both sales and earnings this quarter as component shortages continue to ease. Lead times also continued to reduce across our product lines with recovery to pre-pandemic lead times expected for all products by the end of the calendar year. We did miss almost a week of planned shipments in May because of a longer-than-expected changeover to a new third-party logistics supplier at our North American distribution center. Shipments from this distribution center recovered in June and we now have higher capacity in place for Q4 fiscal year 2024 and beyond. Both total and organic sales grew over 13% versus prior year with currency and acquisitions roughly netting each other out. Currency translation decreased sales by less than a point and acquisitions contributed over a point of growth this quarter. Similar to prior quarters, the split of our sales by business segment, region and industry was largely driven by the composition of our backlog. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales were up 8% versus prior year. The changeover in our distribution center had the biggest impact on this segment in the quarter. Within the Intelligent Devices segment, Independent Cart Technology continues to be a disruptive technology, and we had several more strategic material handling wins in the U.S. this quarter. The recent launch of our On-Machine Armor Kinetix motion control products adds to our innovative material handling portfolio. We also had an important win in Europe with SIDEM, one of the world's leading desalination companies where our PowerFlex drives and services expertise are helping this customer deliver economical and sustainable drinking water to millions of people in developing regions. Software & Control organic sales grew over 24% year-over-year. Logix sales were almost 40% this quarter, reflecting the strong differentiation of our control platform and the continued benefits from supply chain resiliency investments we've made over the last year. Another example of our many ways to win within Software & Control is recent success at a well-known global parcel delivery company, where the combination of our awesome industrial PCs ThinManager and View software unseated a long-standing competitor as the customer standardizes its North America facilities on a Rockwell visualization platform. Lifecycle Services organic sales increased 8% versus prior year. Book-to-bill in this segment was 1.08, led by strong orders in Sensia and our services business. Sensia had another good quarter of orders and sales with multiple large deals across EMEA and Asia. We also delivered higher sequential margins in Lifecycle Services this quarter. Information Solutions & Connected Services sales grew 10% versus prior year. We had multiple wins across our entire Information Solutions portfolio in Q3 and including both our on-prem and cloud-native software. This quarter, one of the world's top tire manufacturers located in Asia-Pacific, selected Rockwell's FactoryTalk production center to develop its new global MES platform. Another important IS win in Asia was with a Japanese global leader in HVAC where our cloud-native Plex platform is being deployed on Microsoft Azure at one of their greenfield plants. The customer chose our SaaS solution to quickly start up a manufacturing execution and quality management system without the need for extensive on-premise hardware, software and support. We saw Plex synergy wins continue to ramp up in the quarter as our strong market access machine is contributing to new SaaS logos. In the quarter, we saw the benefits of our software partnership with PTC with numerous recurring revenue wins through a combination of our Digital Services business and PTC's ThingWorx visualization platform. Also regarding PTC, we continue to monetize the investment we made in 2018. We now own less than 5% of total shares outstanding and in accordance with the terms of our agreement, I’m stepping off of their Board. Our commercial relationship remains strong and was extended in June. In Connected Services, we had an important cybersecurity win with ADNOC, the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company. This customer is leveraging our network of security services and expertise along with an intrusion detection system from our partner Dragos to help secure its network infrastructure and comply with cyber governance regulations. Our total annual recurring revenue grew a very strong 17% year-over-year this quarter. Segment margin of 21.1% was flat to last year and in line with our expectations despite the shipment shortfall. Adjusted EPS grew over 13% year-over-year. Backlog is beginning to reduce as lead times improve. Let’s now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q3 end market performance. Our discrete sales were up about 10% versus prior year. Within discrete automotive sales grew mid-teens year-over-year. One of the notable customer wins here this quarter was with the Korean Tier 1 supplier working on an EV battery project for a European brand owner. This customer is using our core automation offerings including motion control to provide tooling for battery thermal management. Another automotive win this quarter was with Jaguar Land Rover where Rockwell was selected to support the JLR electrified architecture for three of their EV body shops in the UK. Semiconductor sales grew high-teens this quarter, building on strength over the last few quarters, we continue to see broader adoption of our wafer transport solutions by the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. This quarter, we also had an important Plex win in semiconductor at SOC, Saudi Arabia as the customer implements our smart manufacturing platform at its site in Riyadh. In e-commerce and warehouse automation sales were down high-teens versus prior year, driven by continued delays in some cancellations at our e-commerce customers. Moving to our hybrid industry segment. Sales in this segment grew 15% year-over-year led by strong growth in food and beverage and tire. Food and beverage sales were up mid-teens versus prior year. We continue to see both greenfield and brownfield investments in this vertical. With one of our most important multi-year wins this quarter focused on a customer’s global fleet modernization program, a leading global food processing company is standardizing over 50 of its sites on our PlantPAx control platform. This competitive DCS win is a testament to our progress in process control applications in both technology and domain expertise. Life sciences sales grew mid-single digits versus prior year. This industry continues to see strong investments in CapEx and OpEx projects across all regions, both in traditional pharmaceuticals and newer advanced therapy, medicinal products. We had a strategic win with Biosero a member of the BICO Group in North America where our combined technologies increased the speed and accuracy of new drug development. Biosero selected our independent cart technology to automate lab workflows for a cell and gene therapy program. Tire was up over 35% in the quarter. Turning to process industries. Process sales were up 15% year-over-year led by growth in oil and gas and mining. Turning now to Slide 5 in our Q3 organic regional sales. As I said earlier, our growth by region this quarter and for the full year fiscal year 2023 reflects the composition of our backlog rather than the underlying customer demand. North America organic sales grew about 2% year-over-year against higher comps. Latin America was up 7%. Through Q3, our orders in the Americas are outpacing the rest of the world. EMEA sales grew 34% and Asia-Pacific was up over 44%. We did see an uptick in order cancellations in China this quarter. Let’s now move to Slide 6 fiscal 2023 outlook. We are confident that shipments in the fourth quarter will recover the shortfall in Q3 caused by the distribution center change. Shipments in July were in line with our forecast for the full year. Our fiscal 2023 guidance assumes a total reported sales growth range of 14% to 16%, and we continue to expect organic sales growth of 15% at the mid-point. We now expect the impact from acquisitions and currency to offset each other. Nick will cover this in more detail later. We have said all along that we expect further normalization of ordering patterns as lead times and constrained products improve, and that’s what we are seeing right now. With improving lead times, machine builders do not need as many months of products on order and are no longer placing unusually large advanced orders. Their incoming orders and front log remain strong and improving component lead times will help them improve their cash flow. We also expect distributor restock orders will pick up as they receive the last constrained items that allow them to clear their committed inventory and complete customer orders. Our order cancellation rates remain low. We now expect our full year fiscal year 2023 orders to be in the $8.5 billion to $9 billion range. Given this updated order outlook, we now expect to finish the year with about $4.5 billion to $5 billion in backlog with about 80% of that backlog shippable in fiscal year 2024. We expect organic ARR to grow 15%. Segment margin is expected to increase by 160 basis points year-over-year. We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 and now expect adjusted EPS to grow 25% versus prior year and we now expect 80% free cash flow conversion due to higher working capital. Let me turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q3 performance and financial outlook for fiscal 2023. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 8, third quarter key financial information. Third quarter reported sales were up 13.7% over last year. Q3 organic sales were up 13.2% and acquisitions contributed 120 basis points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by 70 basis points, about three points of our organic growth came from price. Segment operating margin expanded to 21.1% and was in line with our expectations as improved productivity offset lower than expected sales. The 30 basis point year-over-year increase in margin was driven by higher sales, volume and positive price cost partially offset by higher investment spend. Corporate and other expense was $32 million in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $3.01 was below our expectations due to our shift in shipments from Q3 to Q4. Adjusted EPS grew 13% versus prior year. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter was 14.1% and in line with the prior year. Free cash flow of $240 million was $87 million lower than prior year, driven by increases in working capital and income tax payments, partially offset by higher pre-tax income. The increase in working capital was primarily driven by higher accounts receivable and inventory. Inventory grew by six days, primarily in finished goods as a result of the shift in planned shipments from Q3 to Q4. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased approximately 220,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $62 million. On June 30, $1 billion remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Organic sales growth was led by software and control, which grew 24% year-over-year. Turning to margins, intelligent devices margin decreased by 290 basis points year-over-year due to higher investment spend, unfavorable mix and higher incentive compensation, partially offset by positive price cost. Segment margin for software and control increased 340 basis points compared to last year on higher sales volume and positive price cost partially offset by higher investment spend. We continue to accelerate top line growth and profitability from acquisitions in the past few years, including Plex, Fiix and ASEM. Lifecycle services margin was similar to last year and improving sequentially through the year as planned. Our focus on productivity is yielding benefits now and into the coming quarters. We continue to expect lifecycle services margin to expand sequentially and exceed 10% in Q4. The next slide, 10, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q3 fiscal 2022 to Q3 fiscal 2023. Core performance was up $0.90, excluding increased investment spend of $0.35 on a 13.2% organic sales increase. Incentive compensation was a $0.20 headwind. This year-over-year increase reflects the higher expected bonus payout this year versus a below normal payout last year. The year-over-year impacts from tax, interest expense, currency and share count were each immaterial to EPS this quarter. Before we turn to our fiscal 2023 guidance, let’s spend a few minutes talking about our orders trends on Slide 11. We think it will be helpful to provide more color on our orders progression over the last couple years and going forward. First, in fiscal 2020, we saw reduced orders caused by the constraints on customers operations and uncertainty that the pandemic created. Then in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022, we saw increased orders driven by the combination of three things. First, historically high levels of investment in certain verticals like EV and semi, as well as an increasing need for more automation to address workforce shortages and business resiliency. Second, catch up on projects that many of our customers deferred during fiscal year 2020. And three, large advance orders due to extended lead times caused by component shortages. In fiscal year 2023, we are continuing to see strong underlying demand, but we are now seeing the long anticipated moderation in orders driven by our improving lead times for products. As we stated earlier, we expect lead times to continue to normalize in the next two quarters and we expect virtually all of our product lead times to be back at pre-pandemic levels by the end of calendar year 2023. Once our lead times are back at normal levels, we expect customer orders to closely align with the strong underlying demand. I think it’s worth noting that over the fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023 time period encompassing the ups and downs of the order cycle, we will have grown revenue at a compound annual growth rate of 8% plus a backlog that is more than tripled during that timeframe. Let’s now move to the next Slide 12, guidance for fiscal 2023. We are increasing the midpoint of our reported sales guidance from 14.5% to 15%. We expect organic sales growth in the range of 14% to 16% and we now expect a full year currency headwind of 100 basis points, 50 basis points better than our previous guidance. This updated outlook reflects the weakening of the U.S. dollar in recent weeks. We continue to expect volume to add 10 points of growth and price to add 5 points of growth, and we still expect full year segment operating margin to be about 21.5% unchanged from prior guidance. Our updated guidance still assumes full year core earnings conversion of close to 40%. We continue to expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17.5%, unchanged from our prior guide. We are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance range to $11.70 to $12.10. This increases the midpoint of our EPS guidance to $11.90, up $0.05 from prior guidance and up 25% from last year. The $0.05 increase is driven by currency. We now expect full year fiscal 2023 free cash flow conversion of about 80% of adjusted income. This updated guidance reflects the new calendarization of our revenue and our updated projection of inventory days on hand. We do expect our inventory days on hand to drop by the end of the year to 125 days. This will be lower than the approximately 130 days of inventory we had at the end of fiscal year 2022, but will likely not reduce to the 112 days we originally expected. Our outlook for cash tax payments also increased as we realized capital gains on our sales of PTC shares. Income tax payments tied to these gains are reflected in our free cash flow results. A few additional comments on fiscal 2023 guidance. Corporate and other expense is still expected to be around $120 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2023 is still expected to be about $130 million, and we’re still assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 115.6 million shares. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A. Blake?
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As we continue to stay close to end users, machine builders and distributors, a few key themes emerge. First, demand remains strong. We’ve mentioned softness in e-commerce and in parts of the Chinese economy, but investment by end users and machinery builders continues across the majority of regions and serve verticals. Second, the global supply chain is improving, but it will take some months to flush the inefficiencies that have built up over the last few years, especially inventory. This is seen at machine builders, distributors and in our own operations. Third, the opportunities for automation to play a strategic role in our customer success have never been higher. Workforce scarcity, American shoring of manufacturing and the premium being placed on business agility are all positive reads for Rockwell. We’re moving fast to meet these needs with new capacity and capabilities. It’s hard to believe, but our Annual Automation Fair and Investor Day are only about three months away, and you should look forward to hearing more about the exciting next leg of our journey. I want to thank all our employees and also our unmatched distributors who have worked so hard to bring us to this point and who collectively make the difference at our customers. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Julianne, let’s take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake or Nick, can you give us more color into the order of visibility you have that allowed you to construct Slide 11. If I add all the timing, it looks like you expect a relatively significant orders inflection higher, maybe even in the first half of 2024. And it also looks like you think orders could reach the peak levels again, that you saw in 2022. Is that what you’re attempting to say? And then what markets would you most likely see an uptick in bookings?
Blake Moret: Yes. Andy, there’s a few factors that contribute to that outlook for orders. First are the continued high investment levels and some important verticals for us. We see continued investments as we track new CapEx announcements in areas like semiconductor, in EV, in renewables, while we see a general focus on automation at many of our other verticals like food and beverage, life sciences, energy and so on. We also have had a number of conversations with customers and distributors that give us a consistent view that demand remains strong. As I and members of my team have talked directly to machine builders and end users, they’re all proceeding with plans based on the consistent demand for their products. We described in my remarks what we’re seeing in terms of machine builders who are not placing the unusually large advanced orders that they did of say a year ago. And we’ve also had direct conversations with our distributors and in North America, some of our largest distributors are actually seeing year-over-year order increases. So again, that consistently strong demand picture informs that view that we showed you on Slide 11 of orders recovering, complimenting the remaining strong backlog.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that Blake. And then Nick, can you quantify how much impact the change in U.S. distribution you made had on sales and earnings in Q3? And then specifically could you go over how to think about margin moving forward for your segments? It looks like you talked about the change impacting intelligent devices, but moving forward should we be thinking 20% to 21% for that segment, which was your prior guide? And then conversely, software margin continues to go up, can you sustain mid-30% margins in that segment?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. As far as the sales impact, we had originally planned when we guided what we expected for growth expectations between Q3 and Q4, we had expected some disruption. We were planning close to a week of disruption that this would be causing in the loss of capacity during our third quarter. That ended up extending by several more days in terms of the total impact it had on us. All in something in the range of $50 million to $100 million of revenue is I think a good ballpark to think about of what we’re seeing of a shift of revenue there between the third and fourth quarter from what we were anticipating three months ago. And then in terms of margin progression, Andy, for the rest of this year, we continue to expect that margins will expand. We think fourth quarter margins will be our highest margin for the year. We continue to expect to see strong margins in our Software and Control business, something similar to what we’ve been seeing the last couple quarters. And as I’ve said for the last couple quarters, we expect sequential margin improvement in lifecycle services. We expect that will be over 10% in Q4. And then intelligent devices as we recapture some of that revenue that shifted from Q3 to Q4, we think added revenue there will be bringing that margin up from where we were in the third quarter. All in, we still expect ITV smart intelligent devices margin to be a little under 20% for the full year, software and control to be well over 30% and lifecycle services will be below 10% for the full year. And it’ll be similar to a little less than what it was in fiscal 2022. But all in progressing nicely with the focus we’re having on productivity there.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning all.
Blake Moret: Hey Josh.
Nick Gangestad: Hey Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Blake, so just on the order normalization and customers, including some of the OEMs adapting to shorter lead times. I sort of get that that’s kind of a – maybe a bit of a one-time accordion squeeze as those folks don’t need to go out the same length of time or even pull that in. Any sense of sizing what that is? What that impact might be on that implied second half order outlook? Just trying to distinguish between the supply chain and sort of the back end of that phenomenon versus maybe what run rate orders might be?
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean giving a little bit more color on how this plays out, during the most constrained period of component shortages, we saw some OEMs that were placing orders for a year or more of their equipment demand, where in normal times when lead times were at, let’s say normal for the products that they put in their equipment, that might be only three or four months of demand. Now, that’s not across the board, but we did see cases of those larger orders. As the lead times have recovered actually a little bit faster than we expected over the last quarter or so and as we expect them to continue to improve, then we see OEMs no longer needing to place such long orders. And as they focus, as I said, on flushing some of the inventory and WIP that they have in their operations, importantly, their front log remains strong. And as I visited machine builders and my staff has visited machine builders over the last couple of months that’s a consistent message that their demand remains strong. It’s just they don’t need to place such a large block of orders. Now, I want to put this in perspective. OEMs are in the neighborhood of a third of our business. So we don’t see the same patterns or need for those large orders at users, but that is an effect that’s impacted our machine builders. And in a little bit of a similar timeframe with our distributors, their inventories will relieve as they get those last constrained items over the next couple of months and are able to shift their committed inventory that’s inventory that’s already been committed to specific end user projects.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. And then maybe for a follow-up, just want to take a step back. I mean, there’s a lot of – there are a lot of elements of the business now where you can sort of see this before and after in terms of investment. We talk a lot about nearshoring, energy transition, you see process orders looking strong on that. But I can’t help notice that 30% of the business is food and bev and consumer packaged goods, where I don’t know if it’s quite as obvious that we’re seeing nearshoring or some fundamental breakout. I know you called out a bigger food and bev win. But maybe just talk about how that piece of the business has seen a secular shift or perhaps hasn’t? If you want to put backlog in context or anything else that would be helpful.
Blake Moret: Sure. So you’re right. I mean that as part of our Hybrid Industry segment is the single largest segment of our end market demand. And what we’re seeing in food and beverage and home and personal care is an increased focus on efficiency and resilience. So even though we don’t see the same amount of greenfield investment that we do say with electric vehicles or batteries, those big food and beverage companies are investing in their resilience. So they’re adding some measure of redundancy. They’re investing heavily in OT cybersecurity, which is one of our very fastest growing businesses and meaningful multimillion dollar orders. They’re also dealing with workforce shortages. So we’re all aware that unemployment remains very low. And I think in general, that's a positive read for us, but it creates continuing problems with these manufacturers in staffing those lines. And so they're looking for augmenting the technology that we're providing with highly trained workers as those workers are more scarce. And we're seeing our offering result in some important competitive wins. We've added more ways to win. So it's not just our core technology, it's our cybersecurity services, and we talked about several wins with Plex as the synergy wins ramp up there as we turn on that market access machine. So those are some of the things that are driving the good food and beverage and home and personal care growth that we're seeing this year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Understood, appreciate it. Best of luck.
Blake Moret: Yes, thanks Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. Maybe not taking a step back. If we look at Slide 11, you've got the order trends line chart there. Trying to think about backlog-to-sales coverage and where you think that normalizes. As you said, pre-COVID you were 20% odd backlog to sales. Recently, you've been well over 50%, but that will come down. And I just wondered your sort of best views on where it settles out. Because I guess, if we look at some of your peers like FANUC, they've all seen this huge orders slump as well, and they're talking about customer inventory depletion through next year. And I guess, one could also make the case perhaps that more localized supply chains can mean shorter lead times and order patterns, not longer ones. So just wondered sort of your perspectives on that and testing that conviction around why the orders improve from early calendar 2024?
Blake Moret: Sure. I'll make a few comments, Julian, and then Nick may have some additional detail. As you think about the composition of our business, for a starting point, we said the backlog that we expect to finish the fiscal year in a couple of months with is remaining high between $4.5 billion and $5 billion, and 80% of that is shippable in fiscal year 2024. I think your question is, okay, how does that develop? And what is beyond that? Think about the product backlog as lead times return to normal for products at the end of this calendar year is getting back to its normal low levels of backlog. We traditionally looked at products as having lead times of days or weeks that either ships directly off our distributor shelves or we build it very quickly in our factories. And I think that gets back in fiscal year 2024. There's a portion of that product business within Intelligent Devices that is configured to order. And that continues to have lead times that are measured typically in weeks, sometimes in a couple of months. That business has been really strong for us here recently. We think we're gaining considerable share there. And so that's going to be a somewhat meaningful component of backlog even after 2024 within the Intelligent Devices area. And then as Lifecycle Services becomes bigger, continues to grow, then we typically have seen somewhere in the neighborhood of half a year of backlog for Lifecycle Services. So backlog becomes smaller as we leave fiscal year 2024, but it remains considerably larger than the $1.5 billion or so that you remember from pre-pandemic. Because we're a bigger company and we have some of these new components, I would also say there's software and recurring revenue that continues to grow nicely. We talked about ARR growing 17% this quarter. And so that's a part of the equation as well. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. And Julian, to frame it up a little in the way you asked the question where pre-pandemic backlog closer to 20% of our revenue and more recently this year where we're around 50% or higher than 50%. I don't – based on the things Blake was just describing, I don't think it will go back down to 20%. But something in the 30% or low 30s percent. I think that's a reasonable estimation right now for us, Julian, of where to think where our backlog is in a more normal state.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thanks. And I appreciate it's very difficult to call. Thank you for the thoughts. Maybe on the areas or markets where you're seeing or expecting the most severe orders normalization, do we assume it's mostly discrete markets globally? I think China, there's obviously some orders pressure that your peers have talked about, but is it sort of a global phenomenon across various discrete markets? Is that the way to think about it?
Blake Moret: Yes. I think it's the phenomenon that we described with machine builders, which is not exclusively in discrete. We have a good business with skilled OEMs, process machine builders as well, but they're buying product. It's less weighted towards engineered solutions. So I think that's where you've seen that phenomenon as they were placing orders for a year or sometimes more of their machine coverage, and they don't need to do that anymore. And so they're looking at opportunities to improve their cash flow, get the existing equipment out as the constrained products from us deliver and then to fill their forward machine needs with smaller orders because they can depend more on the lead times.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning. Hello, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hi, Jeff.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Sorry if I missed it. I was on a few minutes late, but a lot of talk about future backlog. But could you just square us up on where the backlog actually ended in the quarter, and also kind of what the price volume complexion was in the actual quarter?
Nick Gangestad: Jeff, I'll take the second part of your question first. Of our 13% organic growth, 10% of that was volume and 3% of that was price. And it was very much like as we expected. This was the quarter where we are starting to lap ourselves against the more significant price increases that we were realizing in the second half of our fiscal year 2022. In terms of the backlog, we haven't put out a specific number on it, Jeff. It did come down some in Q3, and we expect it to come down further in Q4 to that $4.5 billion to $5 billion range. But we haven't put a specific number on that, partly weaning ourselves off of like frequent updates on all of that, but giving you a trend of where that's going.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Great. Yes, it's just helpful to have the anchor if we're going to talk about the future, right. So we can all relate to that in future conversations, but I get it. And then just on investment spending, is there actually a change in the year outlook on how you'll – the level of investment spending or just a timing between quarters?
Nick Gangestad: Jeff, investment spend is staying almost exactly where we've been expecting, both for the year and by quarter actually. It's very, very much following our plan.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys, good morning. Can you hear me?
Blake Moret: Yes, Andrew.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hey, just as you think about it seems that you are about to embark on a multi-year growth spurt. How should we think – how do you guys think about your cash conversion just structurally going forward? Do you just need to accept permanently lower cash conversion? We just need to invest in working capital and growth, and if not, what levers can you pull to sort of get it back to this 95% level that we've had?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Andrew, thanks for that question. The – our longer-term plan and expectation is that we should be at 100% free cash flow conversion or averaging that, that over time, even in a period where we are growing more substantially than we have, I’ll say pre-pandemic. And with where we stand now with our working capital, where we’re estimating it to exit fiscal year 2023, we think that creates some tailwinds for us in cash conversion in the next couple years for us that even in a higher growth world, we can still be generating something from an operational standpoint closer to the 100% free cash flow conversion. There are a couple headwinds, I’ll just want to make sure you’re aware of Andrew. One is we are at the point now where we are making more substantial cash tax payments on the transition tax that was part of TCJA. Some companies adjust that out of their free cash flow conversion. We don’t – we keep that in there. And we’re also being impacted by the recent requirement that we capitalize for tax purposes, our R&D expense, and that that’s having a several percentage point between 5 and 10 percentage point impact to our free cash flow conversion in the next few years. It’s something after five years or six years we work our way through, that just becomes part of the base, but it is having that between 5% and 10% impact to free cash flow conversion. And then the last I’ll note is as we’ve been liquidating our PTC shares, realizing the gain, the nuances of how free cash flow reporting is that gain is not part of our denominator in that equation, but the cash taxes is part of that – of the numerator in that equation, and it’s just a nuance in pointing out that has impacted us this year and could impact us in coming quarters as well. But I’ll call those more noise versus your underlying question, I think on our – the ability of our business model to be generating 100% free cash flow conversion.
Andrew Obin: Great. And then just on your ARR I think 17% very healthy. Could you give us a look sort of under the hood what the components are, which portions of your business is doing better? Maybe talk about MES, talk about Fiix, Plex, whatever it is you guys want to talk about, but just give us a sense of what’s driving the software growth. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Sure. So I mentioned a few wins with Plex in the quarter. And Plex has continued to be a good performer for us both in terms of the expansion of existing customers, as well as new logos where Rockwell’s market access gave us opportunities there. So Plex was a strong performer in the quarter. Fiix as well with the asset management. These are two SaaS applications that are doing quite well for us, and contributed substantially to that 17% ARR I mentioned some wins with PTC. Those are subscription wins. And those were some major competitive victories for us in the quarter. And then on the high value services side, cybersecurity services, and I’ve talked about that that’s been right at the top of our fast growing businesses and we have a recurring revenue component of cyber. So those things were probably at the top of the list and contributing to what you’re right, was really good ARR in the quarter.
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Hey, can we just start – can you just remind us, I mean, you guys were relatively – we never really had this orders discussion before COVID, what, like, your book-to-bill was generally like around one back then, right? Is that about right?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve, that, that is correct. The only exception is our lifecycle services business component that could have some nuances from quarter-to-quarter, but generally we were pretty much a one-to-one book-to-bill.
Steve Tusa: Right. So like eating in the backlog this quarter, you mentioned, so obviously your orders were like what were they like a little bit above two or something like that?
Blake Moret: Yes. We haven’t given the specific order value for Q3, but we gave the full year expectation of $8.5 billion to $9 billion of orders.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And when we look at this kind of like daily order volume, I mean, like that, that would kind of equate to the quarterly order numbers I would think, because that’s not like scaled or adjusted for seasonality or anything like that, right?
Nick Gangestad: That that is correct. We’re not adjusting for any seasonality here.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay. That, that, that’s fair. And then just the last question, just philosophically, you guys went from like not really giving orders to maybe not even – not disclosing them this year at one point, I think you guys were thinking about that. Now you’re disclosing them and now you’re kind of like forecasting them. I guess, are we going to continue to get this level of color as we go through the next couple of quarters? Like maybe like just philosophically any view on like maybe normalizing some of this disclosure billion it just seems like there’s more provided, but it’s in different forms and it just seems like it’s not particularly as straightforward as maybe it could be.
Blake Moret: So Steve, we’re continuing to provide the information that we think is most important to investors and over the last few years, as you said, orders have become a more important component as they have decoupled from shipments at different times. And so we felt it was important to provide that additional information. As we look at going forward, we’re going to continue to look at where orders remain material to investor decisions and to provide that kind of information. And we continue to look at how we’re making decisions about running the business going forward and providing you some insight into that. And that’s why it’s going to take some different forms as time goes on, because the value of it and the horizon of that I think are important. So this quarter we made the decision to give a little bit of a view going forward and showing on that Slide 11, the relationship between orders and big macro events going forward so that you and investors can put that into perspective.
Steve Tusa: Yes. And it is helpful. So we thank you for all the extra disclosure here regardless. So thanks Aijana for that. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the question. I just want to go to lifecycle services, several quarters continuing of positive book-to-bill. You commented on margins for this year. How do we think about incremental margins going forward, especially as you start to get this sort of richer mix, right? I know a lot of revenue associated with what comes out of this ends up in SMC but just help us think about incremental margins going forward.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. As I think about where we’re going with margins in our lifecycle services business in the next couple years, we expect that lifecycle services will be an outsize contributor to our margin expansion in the coming years. So we – one way we think about our margin expansion is through our core conversion of the 30% to 35% range. That would imply that lifecycle services is going to be helpful to that number. So if as I look over the next couple of years, I believe lifecycle services will be our highest margin expansion business segment of the three segments.
Blake Moret: Yes. And I would say that, the Sensia contribution, which is in lifecycle, we have seen improvement there and we expect to see continued improvement. So that’s a major component.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. And maybe just want to step back and ask a broader question about the demand environment. In past quarters, you and the industry and trade press and all sorts of folks have talked about the long runway here from IRA, IIJA shoring all these trends. And when you look at a quarter like this and see, some of the order dynamics and understand a lot of that’s just supply chain normalizing. I guess, when we step back, where do you think we kind of are in this wave of manufacturing investment and specifically in the United States?
Blake Moret: Yes. I think – I like looking at a vertical by vertical approach of this, because it breaks it down into, I’d say, more objective components EV and battery by any objective measure, there is continued strong investment as people are building out the capacity to build more electric vehicles. If you look at any city in the U.S., the number of electric vehicles remains low, all projections of that’s going to increase. And there’s nowhere near as much capacity needed to serve that demand, even with the announcements of new greenfields that have already been made. So we see that as a multi-year trend, semiconductor for national security reasons and to be able to reduce geopolitical risk impacting the semiconductors that make our world go. We see that as a multi-year trend. And importantly, it’s not just the fabs, it’s all the supporting infrastructure that’s needed to make that stick as well. We talk about redundancy and resiliency in some of the other industries, food and beverage, life sciences with offerings not just the core automation, but the additional software and the services. I think these are multi-year trends. Workforce, again, with unemployment as low as it is, it’s just not possible to build the things that we need to preserve a standard of living without the technology augmenting a highly engaged workforce. Those two things are going to be required across a broad swath of the industries that we serve. So I think the outlook for automation remains good over a multi-year period. We’re seeing the current impact of some of the ordering dynamics that we’ve talked a lot about on this call, but the fundamental outlook for automation and Rockwell’s ability to outperform, I think is very strong.
Aijana Zellner: Julianne, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Aijana, thanks for fit me in here. Hi guys. Good morning. So yes, we’ve covered a lot of ground here. But just North America was 1% organic, so even if we factor in the $50 million to $100 million impact from the DC, it still seemed quite weak. And I’m sure there’s some inventory headwinds there, but are we seeing any push out in projects, some of the larger projects in North America?
Blake Moret: The main contributor to the growth in North America is really the composition of the backlog. And in fact, as we look at the orders in North America, they found pace the rest of the world year-to-date in fiscal year 2023. There are certainly anecdotes of projects that have been pushed, but we have not seen that as a prevalent trend and we continue to see low cancellation rates among within our backlog.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That’s very clear. And then Nick, your comments on sort of what a normal backlog is, and obviously higher than what it’s been in the past, but seems to suggest that we should be expecting backlog to maybe burn down towards maybe close to $3 billion. Is that fair?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. It’s dependent on what revenue is, but for those reasons that that Blake went through in our mix, we just don’t see it getting back to that 20% that it used to be, but something in the 30% to 35% range and yes, multiply that by our revenue, and that’s our best estimate now. I think in the coming quarters, we’ll keep learning more about that, but we ask for our best estimate right now. That’s where we are.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks guys. Cheers.
Nick Gangestad: Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you everyone for joining us today. That concludes today’s conference call.
Operator: At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call we will open up the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julian. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and details in all our SEC filings. And with that, I’ll hand over to the Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Aijana. And good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to our second quarter results on Slide 3. We had an outstanding quarter of strong growth in both sales and earnings. Our double-digit sales and margin growth continue to reflect Rockwell's strong execution and focus on business resiliency as well as overall improvement in electronic component availability. The demand for our differentiated offerings continue to be strong even in this uncertain economic environment. Through the first half of this fiscal year, our total orders were $4.8 billion, spread evenly between the 2 quarters once we adjust for the estimated price-related pull forward in our fiscal Q1. As expected, our order cancellation rates remain in the low single digits through April. Total sales grew over 25% versus prior year. Organic sales were up over 27% year-over-year and were above our expectations. Currency translation reduced sales by about 3% and acquisitions contributed over 1 point of growth this quarter. As in the prior quarters, the split of sales by business segment, region and industry, was largely driven by access to electronic components and the composition of our backlog. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales grew 27% versus prior year with broad-based growth across all businesses. We continue to see wider adoption of our independent cart technology in new applications across semiconductor, food and beverage and life sciences. One example of the new application is way for transport in semiconductor fabs. We continue to see increasing demand for this offering including important win with a large U.S company this quarter. These customer investing in modernizing and expanding its material handling systems and our independent cart technology helps increase wafer output and more efficiently utilizes existing fab space leading to increased capacity and significant savings. Software and Control organic sales increased over 40%. Strong growth versus prior year was led by logic, where we continue to see the benefits of our resiliency investments and an overall improvement in supply chain. Lifecycle Services organic sales were up 12% year-over-year. Book-to-bill in this segment was 1.27, led by strong order intake in our Sensia business. Information Solutions and Connected Services sales grew about 10% versus prior year. We had another quarter of competitive multiyear wins across our software and cybersecurity services portfolio. Within Information Solutions, I am pleased with the increasing breadth of our new Plex customers as we continue to expand our SaaS, Smart Manufacturing platform to new industries and geographies. One of our Plex wins this quarter was with AB-InBev, the world's largest brewing company and its start-up business EverGrain, focused on upcycling grain by product into sustainable supply of nutritious food ingredients. Our modular and cloud-native Flix software is helping EverGrain quickly deploy mission-critical quality management capabilities today while providing the functionality for the business to scale in the future. In Connected Services, we saw another quarter of customer demand for our recurring cybersecurity and infrastructure as a service offerings as customers across many industries are continuing to invest in safety and security of their operations. One of these wins was with Darling Ingredients, a food processing company focused on reducing food waste by collecting and repurposing animal-based products. Our annual recurring revenue grew 15% year-over-year in Q2. Segment margin of 21.3% was up over 560 basis points year-over-year and was better than expected. Adjusted EPS grew over 81% year-over-year. We also completed the acquisition of Knowledge Lens this quarter, which adds significant scale to our Kalypso digital services business. Let's now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q2 end market performance. Consistent with my earlier comments on the gradually improving supply chain environment, all 3 industry segments grew strong double digits versus prior year. Our discrete sales were up about 20% in the quarter. Within discrete, automotive sales grew over 40% versus prior year. We saw a number of strategic wins in EV and battery this quarter both in the U.S. and China, where a combination of our core automation and strong partner ecosystem helped edge out our biggest competitors. While some customers are optimizing operating costs in the near term, they still continue to invest in building out new capacity to meet their production goals. Semiconductor sales were up mid-teens year-over-year. I already mentioned one semiconductor win. Another example of how Rockwell is expanding our existing semi footprint now with wafer transport applications is our multiyear project win with analog devices. Our independent cart technology was chosen to automate ADI's material handling applications at several of their global fabs. By implementing our technology, ADI will improve operator productivity by at least 20% by moving away from manually delivering lots across the fab. In e-commerce and warehouse automation, our Q2 sales were down mid-single digits versus prior year. While we continue to see a pause in greenfield announcements, e-commerce players, traditional retailers and many consumer packaged goods companies continue to invest in modernizing their warehouses. Turning to our hybrid industries. Sales in this segment increased 35% year-over-year, led by strong growth in food and beverage. Food and beverage sales were up almost 40% versus prior year. We also saw a number of large orders this quarter with customers in this vertical continuing to invest in making their brownfield facilities more efficient and resilient. Demand in our dairy and agriculture processing business remains especially strong. Life sciences sales grew 20% year-over-year. One of the important wins this quarter was with a leading European health care company, where our Kalypso digital services used our Emulate3D simulation software to model and test multiple plant layouts to eliminate potential bottlenecks and increase worker safety. Tire was up over 50% in the quarter. Moving to process. This segment was up over 25% versus prior year, once again led by growth in oil and gas and metals. Within process, we had an important sustainability win. Through Occidental Petroleum's 1.5 subsidiary, Rockwell is providing control systems for direct air capture units that help remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. We are proud to be a part of Occi’s low-carbon strategy to deliver large-scale carbon management solutions that accelerate net zero economy. Turning now to Slide 5 and our Q2 organic regional sales. Similar to prior quarters, our growth by region reflects the electronic component availability and what's in our backlog rather than the underlying customer demand. North America organic sales grew 23% year-over-year. Latin America increased 16%, and EMEA sales grew 42% and Asia-Pacific was up 32%. Let's now move to Slide 6, fiscal 2023 outlook. We have previously said that the fiscal '23 sales performance is primarily based on our ability to ship backlog. Given our performance in the first half, improving ship supply and the benefits of our resiliency actions, we are increasing our sales and earnings outlook for fiscal '23. Our fiscal '23 guidance projects total reported sales growth of 14.5%. We expect organic sales growth of 15% at the midpoint. We expect acquisitions to contribute over 1 point of growth and currency to be a headwind of 1.5 points. Nick will touch more on this later. Organic ARR is expected to grow 15%. Segment margin is expected to increase by over 150 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted EPS is expected to grow 25% versus prior year, and we continue to target 95% free cash flow conversion. Before I turn it over to Nick, let me share some of our thoughts on the setup for fiscal year '24. With more than half of this fiscal year behind us and through our continued discussions with end customers, we believe we have better visibility into our full year orders and backlog levels. We expect our fiscal '23 orders to be about $9 billion, which implies a slight moderation of orders in the second half of this year. This is consistent with our expectations of improving component availability and the subsequent reduction in customer lead times. With our current orders outlook, we anticipate exiting the year with backlog levels of around $5 billion, positioning us well for fiscal year '24. Also, as the largest pure play, we have an impressive record of earnings growth, and we expect that to continue given our unique market focus and differentiation. Let me turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q2 performance and financial outlook for fiscal '23. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 8, second quarter key financial information. Second quarter reported sales were up 25.8% over last year. Q2 organic sales were up 27.3%, and acquisitions contributed 130 basis points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by 2.8% about 6 points of our organic growth came from price. Segment operating margin expanded to 21.3% and was higher than our expectations. The majority of this outperformance was driven by the higher revenue. The 560 basis point year-over-year increase in margin was driven by higher sales volume and positive price costs, partially offset by higher incentive compensation and higher investment spend. Corporate and other expense was $29 million, in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $3.01 was ahead of our expectations and grew 81% versus prior year. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the second quarter was 17.4%. Free cash flow of $156 million was $110 million higher compared to last year, driven by higher pretax income, partially offset by higher working capital. The increase in working capital was primarily driven by higher accounts receivable given our Q2 sales outperformance. We improved our days on hand in inventory by 7 days in Q2, and we expect reductions in inventory days to continue for the balance of the year. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased approximately 140,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $38 million. On March 31, $1.1 billion remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our 3 operating segments.  Organic sales grew double digits year-over-year in each of our operating segments. Turning to margins. Intelligent Devices margin increased by 560 basis points year-over-year due to positive price cost and higher sales volume, partially offset by higher investment spend and incentive compensation. Segment margin for software and control increased 900 basis points compared to last year on higher sales volume and positive price costs partially offset by higher investment spend and incentive compensation. Lifecycle services margin decreased by 180 basis points year-over-year as the benefit of higher sales was more than offset by higher incentive compensation and onetime items to expand future profitability. We expect lifecycle services margin to expand sequentially and exceed 10% in Q4. The next Slide, 10, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q2 fiscal '22 to Q2 fiscal '23. Core performance was up $1.95 on a 27.3% organic sales increase. The impact of currency was a $0.15 reduction in EPS. The year-over-year headwind reflects a stronger dollar versus Q2 of last year. Incentive compensation was a $0.40 headwind. This year-over-year increase reflects our lower bonus in Q2 of last year and our higher growth and earnings expectations for this fiscal year. Higher interest expense was a $0.05 impact. Our adjusted -- our higher adjusted effective tax rate was a $0.05 headwind and our reduction in outstanding shares added about $0.05. Let's move on to Slide 11, guidance for fiscal '23. We are increasing our reported sales guidance to approximately $8.9 billion in fiscal '23 or 14.5% growth at the midpoint. We expect organic sales growth to be in a range of 13% to 17% or 15% at the midpoint. We expect volume to add 10 points of growth and price to add 5 points of growth. This guidance takes into account our performance through the first half of the fiscal year and is based on our current view of ongoing supply chain improvement. In terms of the second half, we expect mid-teens organic growth in Q3 and high single-digit growth in Q4. This calendarization includes our view of chip availability in each of the next 2 quarters and our Q3 transition from one third-party logistics provider to another at 1 of our distribution centers. We now expect a full year currency headwind of 150 basis points, which is 50 basis points better than our previous guidance. This updated outlook primarily reflects the strengthening of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. We expect full year segment operating margin to be about 21.5%, up from our prior guidance of about 21%, driven by higher volume and higher benefit from price costs for the full year. We now expect an over 200 basis point improvement to margin year-over-year from positive price cost. This represents a 100 basis point increase versus our prior guidance, split evenly between price and cost. Our updated guidance now assumes full year core earnings conversion of close to 40%. We now expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17.5%, down from our prior forecast of 18% due to discrete items that were realized in Q2. We are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance to $11.50 to $12.20. At the midpoint of the range, this represents 25% adjusted EPS growth, up from prior guidance of approximately 17% growth at the midpoint. We expect full year fiscal '23 free cash flow conversion of about 95% of adjusted income. A few additional comments on fiscal '23 guidance. Corporate and other expense is still expected to be around $120 million. Net interest expense for fiscal '23 is still expected to be around $130 million. And we're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 115.6 million shares. Turning to Slide 12. Versus our prior guidance, we are increasing the midpoint for EPS by $0.75. Our guidance reflects an increase in our core of $1.05 driven by higher organic sales and our improved outlook in price/cost. We also deployed additional investments in sales and new product development as well as digital infrastructure that will generate future revenue growth and profitability. Currency is adding $0.05. Given the stronger outlook, our incentive compensation is increased by $0.40. And finally, our 50 basis point drop in our adjusted effective tax rate will add $0.05. With that, I will turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.  Blake?
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. We are still operating in a dynamic environment and are laser-focused on execution through the rest of this fiscal year. With that said, we are continuing to accelerate new product development and investments in cloud-native technologies. Revenue from our new offerings, both organic and inorganic is becoming a more meaningful contributor to growth and share gains. We are the largest pure-play automation company with market-leading solutions across discrete, hybrid and process industries and we are adding scale to our differentiated offerings through strong partnerships and strategic acquisitions. Our recent acquisition of Knowledge Lens is adding 600 resources with cutting-edge data science, AI and cloud solutions to our existing digital services business. This expanded team is already working with our key customers on their next-generation plans. I want to welcome all Knowledge Lens employees to Rockwell. Our close relationships with end customers, our best-in-class ecosystem and our talent give us confidence in the continued momentum for growth and profitability this year and beyond.  Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. We would like to get as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to 1 question and a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, so just focusing on your comments in terms of the setup for '24. I know there will be some investors who will think about the $9 billion of orders and say, look [Indiscernible] point to order deceleration in the second half. But how do you think about the cycle in the context of your $9 billion-plus solution, as we call it, that you're coming close to hitting this year and the $5 billion of backlog you end the year with. I know you suggested you're set up '24 earnings growth, but can you talk about how you're thinking about the durability of the automation cycle based on the conversations you're having? And do you have the capacity to grow beyond that $9 billion?
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, let me take that first, Andy. We're continuing to add capacity. So at the same time that chip supply is improving. We're continuing to make sure that our labor and our facilities, our redundancy across our integrated supply chain operations is ready to handle continued growth. So let me start there. Now in terms of the demand, this is playing out like we thought it would. We have said for some time now that we did expect orders and shipments to converge as lead times improve. And so that's exactly what you're seeing, but the orders are continuing at a strong pace. And to look at that, let's take kind of a vertical by vertical view, we've talked about the historic generational spending levels in certain of the verticals that are important to us, things like electric vehicle and battery and semiconductor. We're seeing additional expenditures in energy, both as the fossil fuel providers decarbonized and as renewables become a bigger part of our business as well. But we're also seeing across all verticals an increased focus on automation, and that's due to large durable trends, things like scarcity of trained workforce and so the need to complement people with the technologies and the software and the services that we provide. So as I look across that while we continue to pay close attention to macroeconomic conditions, we think the setup for multiyear growth in automation and information is there.
Andy Kaplowitz: And then maybe Blake or Nick, can you give us a little more color on your margins in the segments. If I look at software and control, it seems like when supply chain headwinds are not impacting that business, you can do sort of low to mid-30s and lifecycle, obviously, still kind of lagging behind a little bit. So do you get lifecycle up now starting in the second half of the year? And is that a fair assessment of software and control when it's sort of firing on all cylinders, it's an above 30% margin business.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andy, let me take that. As far as software and control with what we're seeing in that business and the mix of what we're selling and the strength in the overall market there, we do see over 30% as a sustainable margin for that business. In terms of lifecycle services, we see that -- that's going to be sequentially going up. And we had talked earlier about getting this to double digits. We see that happening in the fourth quarter. And we think that's a good trajectory we're going to expect to see happen beyond '23 as well. So that's where we're seeing margins in those two segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So Blake, just on some of the order commentary, I want to square the circle here a little bit. Talking about, I guess, you kind of comp the comp sequentially. You had the pull forward that probably happened around the price increase. As you said, lead times are coming down a little bit. So presumably, customers sort of altering plans accordingly, but you still have, call it, flattish sequential order. So something seem to have gotten better. It seems like it's the same markets that get mentioned over and over again, like EV and battery and Life Sciences and a few others that come in there. But did anything, I guess, build momentum quarter-over-quarter and anything in terms of March or April exit rates that we should be aware of?
Blake Moret: Yes, a couple of things. Josh, it was fairly broad, but in addition to the usual suspects, the things that we've been talking about for a while now, I'd say oil and gas orders were quite good. We had some major competitive wins in our Sensia business that built some great backlog there. And I would also say within the orders -- North American orders were relatively stronger than Europe and Asia, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then I guess there's the obligatory question for Nick on investment spending since I think that gets pulled around a little bit, especially when things are a little better than expected. Nick, was there any kind of reallocation of investment spending to get more in this quarter? And how should we think about the rest of the year?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. The investment spend for this particular for second quarter, it came up a few million dollars more than what we had in our initial plan for Q2. We are upping our investment spend in the third and fourth quarter. We started the year with, what I would call, a pretty conservative view of what we were going to do on spend, and we were holding some things in our back pocket that if things improve, we would be ready to invest in, and we are releasing that in the second half of the year. All in, that we see total investment spend up for the full year versus what we had previously estimated up by roughly $50 million. It's up year over year $180 million. I previously in the last guidance said it would be up $130 million, it's now up $180 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Just we are getting questions on lead times. So how should I think about this $5 billion number? Is that just a nice round comp to where you were versus fiscal -- the end of fiscal '22 where you sort of showed you were slightly above $5 billion, right, and then sort of $9 billion matches, $9 billion is just very simple math. Or is there a sort of dynamic update to this number throughout the year? Is it just basically a placeholder to help us think about the big framework? Or is that a number sort of somebody manages to an update inside the company every quarter?
Blake Moret: Yes, Andrew, you should think about that as a slight reduction of the current backlog, which sits at about $5.6 billion, but still held up by continuing strong order rates. So it's not intended to be precise, but on the other hand, it does reflect the trends that we're seeing and that is that as lead times improve, we're able to clear past due backlog, but the overall number stays quite high due to the continuing strength of orders.
Andrew Obin: And just a question on Plex because you guys had a great demo at Hanover show. Can you just a, 15% IRR is pretty impressive. But can we just talk about Plex is doing? And how does Rockwell sort of manage historical focus on large enterprise and try to sort of feel is the product and SMB end market, just evolution of Plex what the experience has been, as I said, because clearly, a big focus at Hanover show.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, Plex continues to be a really exciting addition to our offering, and it's playing out like we hoped it would when we made that acquisition. Plex is smart manufacturing platform to be sure, has MES capability, but it also has quality management, supply chain and even ERP functionality for small- and medium-sized businesses. When we bought Plex, they had a great track record in certain verticals like tier automotives, but we knew that with our existing market access, we could expand that into food and beverage and EV and mining. And we also knew that we had the opportunity to geographically diversify their customer base and we're doing just that with wins in Asia and with putting Plex on to Azure in Europe where we've already seen some nice wins there. So it's that synergy that's playing out, and there is lots of room to run with that. So it's working well. I've mentioned before, one of the things that we've done is to take the seasoned veterans of selling cloud-native SaaS software and given them enterprise-wide roles within Rockwell. So software sales leadership, our Chief Marketing Officer and a number of other functions are coming from Plex. So it's not just the technology and the business -- it's also the expertise that we're making sure that we don't vary in the organization.
Andrew Obin: And growth rates sort of commensurate was 15%. Is it in line with 5% for the rest of the business, better worse, if you could just sort of benchmark that if you're [Indiscernible].
Blake Moret: Sure. Plex and Flix are very supportive to the overall growth of our software business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just wanted to try and drill into that book-to-bill element a little bit more for the back half being well below one. It doesn't sound like you're perturbed by that. but just trying to understand, if we look at it in a little bit more detail, anything you'd call out around sort of hybrid versus process versus discrete markets, maybe where you see that book-to-bill or year-on-year orders pressure being most severe. And just maybe a question sort of more broadly on that for Blake. You've had this component flush driving this huge revenue surge right now. Is there sort of a view on the world or the demand environment post that flush changed at all in recent months?
Blake Moret: Yes. So Julian, let me start. I wouldn't characterize the reduction in backlog is pressured. It's playing out in a way that we would hope it is in that we're clearing past due backlog and improving customer service levels and adding additional orders in the business. So you know historically that Rockwell has been fortunate to be able to ship out products pretty much in the same quarter that we get the order. So this is unusual to have product backlog, and we intend to continue to reduce the lead times and products just as much as possible. At the same time, a 1.27 book-to-bill in our Lifecycle Services business gives us good confidence about continuing demand for longer cycle projects there. So I feel good about the way that this is working. We obviously are focused on execution as well as creating additional demand going forward, but we feel this is a very healthy environment. To your second question about, has anything changed in terms of the component world, being able to get chips. I mean we're always going to have a larger effort than we did pre supply chain constraints on making sure that our designs are resilient, both in terms of reevaluating existing products as well as new products and to make sure that they will go forward unless we have new levels of resiliency in component supply and robust designs to be able to reduce dependencies on any one vendor. So that's here to stay. We do believe, as Nick talked about, working capital with some of the inventory increases to go down, and that supports the good cash flow for the year. So certain of those things aren't going to change all the way back to, let's say, prepandemic, but we do expect a return to more normal levels in working capital and so on as we go forward as the chip constraints continue to resolve themselves.
Julian Mitchell: And when you sort of look at the two components of customer demand being strong and a good pipeline of projects coming up, plus at the same time, a sort of accelerated backlog conversion into revenue because of supply chain, do you think we could be in for quite a prolonged period of having that book-to-bill below one? Or you're sort of thinking, no, we get some adjustments for a couple of quarters and then it moves back into seeing sort of one-to-one like Rockwell's classic business model.
Blake Moret: Yes. Beyond kind of unusual levels of disclosure about the setup for '24 we've already given. I'm not going to guess further about that, but we do believe that the demand for automation in the specific verticals that I've talked about and as well as a general setup is something that's a positive read going forward. And our intention is to reduce product level lead times closer and closer to what they were before these constraints, but with an incoming order rate far above what they were prepandemic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on the execution on this backlog. I missed a part of the call. But did you guys talk about the sequential change in that -- in the backlog from 4Q -- or sorry, 1Q to 2Q?
Nick Gangestad: Steve, what we talked about is that the backlog at the middle of the year for us now stands at $5.6 billion. That's versus $5.2 million that it was at the beginning of the year. So up $400 million for the first 6 months of the year.
Steve Tusa: And then just on the margins at F&C, how much of that is like did you break down at all how much of that was the products-related price/cost spread? Maybe just a little bit more color on the year-over-year margin drivers? How much came from the products in that business and how much came from the software there?
Nick Gangestad: I haven't provided the product versus the software mix. But in terms of the things that are causing the margin expansion. The biggest factor by far is the volume growth that we're experiencing and the leverage we're getting on that. The second biggest thing that is improving that margin is the favorable price/cost versus where we were in second quarter last year. And then offsetting that, to some extent, to bring it down to a 900 basis point year-on-year increase. We have increased investment spend year-over-year in software and control, and we also are facing noticeably higher incentive compensation. Those are the 2 negative things on the margin in the year-over-year Q2 for Software and Control.
Steve Tusa: And then where do you expect that margin to end? Where do you expect that margin to finish the year just for the annual F&C margin?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. We think it will be over 30%. It's -- and that's up from what I have said in the past that we see that margin being able to sustain into the second half of the year. At levels fairly similar to what we're seeing in our second quarter. So full year, we're going to be above 30% could be a few percentage points above 30%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: So I see some of the call, so I apologize if we're going to be sort of like, I will be asking the question we've asked about 3 times. But just wondering about the backlog kind of conversion means supply chains, where are we versus normal in terms of lead times? And converting this backlog, is it more constraint of just the lead times? Is it labor? Is it customer acceptance, project timing? What could cause the backlog to convert even faster in the second half of the year?
Blake Moret: Yes. Nigel, this is a good development in that as the chip supply is easing that's really the primary limiting factor as we're clearing older backlog there. As we've said, we've got about $5.6 billion worth of backlog, and we're expecting that to go down to around $5 billion by the end of the year, but it's held up by continuing good order intake there. And also the contribution from lifecycle services with its strong book-to-bill. So it's primarily the chip supply. We feel good about our ability to continue to add labor in our facilities around the world. We've been adding for some time now, additional equipment. But as you know, we're not really a very capital-intensive operation. So it's not like if we're having to add a lot of heavy equipment because we're primarily an intellectual capital company. And so the equipment that we need has relatively shorter lead times than if we were in heavier manufacturing type operations.
Nigel Coe: And then just another stab at the backlog. Are we seeing the mix of the backlog shifting to some of the larger projects, particularly with the systems, ED plants, et cetera. I mean, so are we seeing some of those larger systems orders coming through in the backlog? And then just kind of another part of that would be you point to $9 billion of orders, so obviously $4.8 billion in the first half, $4.2 billion the first half, $4.2 billion in the second half. What's -- I mean, 4.2% is still a very level, no question about it, but -- what's causing that drop down? Is it project timing? Is it lead times for customers channels are just not placing kind of the same rate of orders. What kind of visibility do you have to that second half deceleration in orders? Again, very healthy level that you are pointing to declining orders.
Blake Moret: Yes. So first of all, in terms of the composition of the backlog, I don't think we're seeing any fundamental change in the type of orders. Now obviously, as we move through the backlog has a richer pricing as we work through the year. So that's a good read. But in terms of the number of big EV projects or semiconductor, facilities management systems or independent card or just continuing MRO, I don't think you're going to see a big change because a lot of these investment cycles in those areas are multiyear. We're in it for the long haul with some of these positive areas. Now in terms of where you might see a little bit of the contribution from the moderation in orders, probably the most specific area is as lead times improve, as they are across a lot of our product lines, you'll see machine builders not having to provide orders of the same size to have as many months of coverage of their backlog. So as they're concerned about their cash flow and they can look at shorter lead times, then they can reduce the size of their orders because they don't need as many months coverage for the machines that they've already booked. So I think that's probably the most specific contribution to some of the orders moderation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Mason from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rob Mason: I called out Sensia several times in and around oil and gas. So it sounds like things are positioned to accelerate further there. But any thoughts just on -- it still looks like maybe we're pulling through an operating loss just based on the minority interest, how profitability might shift as we go forward over the next 6, 12 months at Sensia.
Blake Moret: Yes. You said it. I mean, we're seeing some good growth there. We had a particularly strong orders, and there's a very strong backlog in the business. And so as we move through the coming quarters, we expect the positive contribution of Sensia both in terms of growth and profitability to have an impact first on lifecycle services and then more broadly across Rockwell.
Nick Gangestad: And Rob, just to build on that. In my prepared remarks, I talked about some onetime costs that we took in the second quarter to expand profitability. Some of that is focused in the Sensia area where we made some investments to simplify business infrastructure for Sensia that we think will make it even more -- build it for more profitability in the future. And so that's part of what we're seeing in our second quarter results for Sensia.
Rob Mason: Excellent. Just as a follow-up to, any thoughts, I didn't hear any commentary specific to China, just exactly what you're seeing on the ground in China and how that recovery is playing out in your business?
Blake Moret: Yes. So a couple of things. First of all, in general, the growth is strong in China across the business. And it's a lot of the same contributors that we've seen in the past with areas like EV and life sciences and so on. So we think that our business there is posed for continued growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Andre on for Noah. On the M&A pipeline, you've previously defined ISGS and market access in Europe and Asia and Advanced Material Handling as priorities. Could you give us any color on what's most near term for you as a focus and how active that pipeline looks today?
Blake Moret: Yes. Andre, it's a good pipeline, and you said it. Those are the priorities. That's fairly broad. But within that, there's a lot of information management software in the production world. So there's some decent targets there. Cybersecurity has been extremely successful for us both organically and as we've added additional capabilities through some acquisitions, advanced material handling. We talk all the time about our independent cart technology, about some of the things we're doing in robotics applications as the lines get blurred between robot control and programmable line control, and we think there's some very interesting things going on there. Obviously, you had AI and autonomy to some of these areas, and there's new dimensions for value for customers. And then New York and Asia, we're very happy, for instance, with what we're doing in -- with awesome, the Italian manufacturer of industrial PCs that also has some great software that's forming the basis for some of our most exciting new introduction. So I would say that the pipeline is good across all of those fronts.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you also just get an update on pipeline and customer needs in the EV transition starting with the upstream opportunity in lithium and any impact of the IRA and domestic battery and vehicle production where customers in that vertical focused most right now?
Blake Moret: Well, they're all focused on building up their fleet capacity so that they can get a return on these giant investments. You don't get that unless you put more jobs per hour on the door and so they're all working to be able to expand their production output. But if you look on the on the road today, you still don't see a ton of electric vehicles and all of them, if you listen to those goals and you look at the trends, this is a multiyear process and from start to finish lines and the basic materials that are needed for the batteries, through the battery making facilities through the electric vehicle assembly. All of that has to build out to be able to get us to a point where you start seeing electric vehicles come anywhere near approaching internal combustion vehicles on the road. So this is multiple years and all of these manufacturers are focused on debottlenecking that whole supply chain, which is going to be in the news for years to come. I think the one other question. I mean the IRA, obviously, that helps there as well as it does with other renewable providers. We've talked before about First Solar, for instance. We talked about Oxy's 1.5 initiative. So we're seeing more and more of these come online across our verticals and people are doing it because it's important for their business models. And again, that's not a femoral thing. That's going to be over multiple years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Buller from Berenberg. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Buller: I was hoping you could expand on the topic of, I guess, the order funnel or pipeline rather than the backlog. I'm wondering if you're more excited about the funnel in process markets, generally speaking, more so than discrete or hybrid at this point. You've thought very helpfully about different customer examples in those like EVs and such. I'm just trying to get a handle on how it aggregates into those big process versus discrete buckets. So which funnel is getting fuller, if you will? And perhaps you can remind us if there's any structural margin differential between those that would be great.
Blake Moret: Sure. Yes, it's broad-based. I mean, we're very happy with the way that our business is balanced between discrete and hybrid and process applications with big opportunities in all of them. I mean, as we talk about EV and battery in discrete, we talk about food and beverage and life sciences, food and beverage is our single biggest vertical in hybrid. And then in process, I highlighted some particularly strong order activity with Sensia, but we also continue to see good activity in metals as well. So it's across all of them. Now in terms of the margin, one to the next there's high-margin opportunities in each one. I would say that the engineered systems are concentrated a little bit more heavily on the process side. Those customers are more often looking for engineering content to complement the hardware coming from the same provider. So you'd probably see a little bit lower margin there due to the people intensivity of that, but good opportunities in the funnel for near and midterm orders across all of the industry segments.
Phil Buller: And just in terms of the different topic margins here. I know you've touched on the Software and Control margin. The drop through between the three different businesses is quite different, depending on which one you're looking at. And I know that there's been a lot of things bouncing around at the moment. So I guess I was just trying to get a handle on how you think about the H2 margin evolution for each of the three businesses relative to H1. Is there anything that you could point out that we should be bearing in mind beyond Software and Control, please?
Nick Gangestad: Beyond Software and Control, which I've already covered still, when I look at intelligent devices, that's been a little over 20%, about 21% margin in the first half of this year. I think for the full year, it's going to be close to that, maybe between 20% and 21% for the full year margin for Intelligent Devices. Some of the things happening there, we continue to see good volume, good price growth, but as I talked about earlier, for the full year, we'll also be seeing higher incentive comp and higher investment spend. This is one of the places where we've been focusing some of our investment spend in resiliency and we'll see that continuing. So between 20% and 21% for Intelligent Devices. And then soft -- excuse me, lifecycle services. I've talked about sequential improvement. I don't see us crossing the threshold into double-digit margin until the fourth quarter. So I see Q3 being a move in that direction from where we were in the first half where we're in the little over 5% margin. We'll be stepping it up, but not all the way to 10% and then going to 10% or over in the fourth quarter.
Aijana Zellner: Julian, we will take one more question.
Operator: Certainly, our last question will come from Jairam Nathan from Daiwa. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jairam Nathan: So I just wanted to spend a little time on the automotive. We are seeing, as the transition towards EVs, we are seeing the number of process steps coming down. And I understand Rockwell probably does not have a lot of content on welding, but do you see any implications as EVs or auto companies go from spot welding to giga casting and things like that?
Blake Moret: Yes. So the net opportunity for Rockwell actually goes up as we go from internal combustion engines to EVs, and that's for a couple of reasons. First of all, the traditional drivetrain operations. That's a more subtractive manufacturing process, that's boring cylinders, that's finishing metal surfaces and things like that. And that's largely done with computer numerical control, which is not a technology that Rockwell directly has. We have good partnerships, but it's not something that we provide directly. And so when that's replaced by some of the operations in electric vehicles, most notably, the battery formation and packing and assembly. That's more of an assembly type operation. And there's aspects at the front end of that with batch processes. And those are all applications that Rockwell has great readiness to serve. Then when you look at what you specifically mentioned in the joining part of it, it's more complex press operations, and Rockwell has great press control systems. So as the metal formation becomes more complex, again, those are really good applications for Rockwell with our program of control as well as our expanded drive control. So we feel good about those opportunities. And then added to those basic automation applications. It's the software that's a more pervasive part of the electric vehicle and battery manufacturing process, and we have really good solutions there.
Jairam Nathan: And one more, if I may. So I mean all the -- given your outlook, I think the 1 area which actually decline seems to be chemicals. I think you went from a high single digit from a low double -- double digits. So can you explain that a bit?
Blake Moret: No. I don't have a specific answer for where chemical is moderating other than to say our focus in chemical is more on the specialty chemical, fine chemical as opposed to bulk chemicals.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Zellner for closing remarks.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes today's call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-01-26 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations and Market Strategy. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2023 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company, and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and details in all our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to our first quarter results on Slide 3. I'm pleased with our team's exceptional focus and execution as we delivered another quarter of strong growth and profitability. Organic sales and earnings were both up year-over-year and better than we expected this quarter. Rockwell's continued investments in resiliency and agility, along with a gradually improving supply chain environment, helped more than offset many of the headwinds we faced heading into Q1. Orders and backlog were up sequentially in the quarter. Order cancellation rates were flat to prior quarter and remain in the low single digits through January. We are encouraged by the continued strength of our end user demand across all business segments and regions. Total sales grew almost 7% versus prior year. Organic sales were up 10% year-over-year, better than our expectations despite a very dynamic supply chain environment. Currency translation reduced sales by 4% and acquisitions contributed about a point of growth this quarter. Consistent with our prior assumptions, the split of sales by business segment, region and industry was impacted by access to specific electronic components and the composition of our backlog. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales increased about 7% versus prior year with growth in all regions and product lines. We had another quarter of remarkable order growth in our independent cart technology business, driven by large multi-year deals across many industries including EV, material handling and semiconductor. I'll cover some of these strategic wins in a few minutes. Software and Control organic sales grew almost 16% versus prior year. Better than expected growth was driven by our team's ability to quickly redesign and requalify certain Logix products to secure additional components supply with the support from key suppliers. We also continue to see a gradual improvement in electronic component supply. Lifecycle Services organic sales were up 10% year-over-year. Book-to-bill in this segment was a healthy 1.21 and was consistent across solutions, services and Sensia businesses. Information Solutions and Connected Services sales had another quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth. We are seeing a significant uptick here in large multisite and multiyear deals, both in software and services. One of our Information Solutions wins this quarter was with a leading potato processing company, where a combination of our Kalypso digital consulting and enterprise analytics capabilities helped the customer increase throughput and reduce energy costs across multiple production lines. We're proud to be an important digital partner to this global company as they focus on doubling their revenue over the next five years. Our recent software acquisitions continue to land us new logos across various industries and regions. These include Plex wins in metals, food and beverage and automotive and numerous enterprise asset management wins Fiix's cloud-native offering in Asia, where we are leveraging the distribution network to amplify our sales with local customers. On the Connected Services side, we continue to build momentum with enterprise cybersecurity wins with customers across food and beverage, life sciences and consumer packaged goods, prioritizing their investments and resiliency of their operations. One of our key cyber wins this quarter was with one of the world's largest global consumer goods companies, who chose Rockwell's differentiated portfolio of hardware, software and services along with the capabilities of our partner Claroty to manage OT security at hundreds of their sites globally. This multiyear deal will also contribute to our double-digit growth in annual recurring revenue. Q1 ARR grew 14%. Segment margin of 20% was up over 100 basis points year-over-year and was better than expected. Adjusted EPS grew 15% year-over-year. Let's now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q1 end market performance. All three industry segments saw strong year-over-year growth and were above expectations, consistent with the continued gradual improvement in electronic component availability. In our discrete industries, sales were up low teens. Within discrete, automotive sales were up 25% versus prior year. We continue to win new and follow-on orders with both the brand owners and the supporting EV ecosystem, including vehicle and battery OEMs and system integrators. A good example of Rockwell's strong position in EV this quarter is our win with a leading battery supplier. Our independent cart technology was selected for the battery cell assembly and formation process to support Ford's BlueOval greenfield plants in Kentucky and Tennessee. We talked about our strategic partnership with Ford at our Investor Day last November, and we are excited about the progress we are making together. Semiconductor sales grew over 20% versus prior year. This is another vertical where we are able to expand our offerings to new applications, including independent cart for wafer transport and Logix-based automation for silicon carbide wafer manufacturing. In eCommerce and warehouse automation, our sales were down low teens versus prior year. Some of our largest eCommerce customers are in the process of shifting their investment from greenfield to brownfield, and we expect continued investments in upgrading existing facilities, including next-gen sortation systems over the course of this fiscal year. One of our large multiyear wins in eCommerce this quarter was with CMC, a leader in smart solutions for sustainable packaging. Rockwell's smart machine architecture, which includes our full portfolio of hardware and software, will help CMC produce its innovative on-demand packaging at scale. Another important win in the quarter was with Phononic, a technology company focused on unique heating and cooling systems. This customer is working with our Kalypso team to create the cloud and IoT infrastructure necessary to support Phononic's disruptive design for cold chain solutions and warehouse applications. Moving to our Hybrid industry segment. Sales in this segment grew low teens year-over-year, led by strong growth in food and beverage. Food and beverage sales were up over 15% versus prior year. As I mentioned earlier, we saw a number of large cybersecurity wins in this vertical, underscoring customers' focus on resiliency and security in their operations. Life Sciences sales grew mid-single digits in the quarter. In addition to software, we saw a high number of cybersecurity wins in this end market this quarter with several important wins coming from Europe. Tire was also up mid-single digits in the quarter. Let's turn to Process. This segment grew mid-single digits versus prior year, led by growth in metals and oil and gas. We rarely talk about our metals vertical, but we had an important sustainability win with Cornish Lithium, a pioneering mineral exploration and development company, who chose Rockwell's PlantPAx process control system for its demo plant to convert lithium concentrate into high-grade refined lithium used for battery production. We are excited to partner with Cornish Lithium on this energy transition journey. Turning now to Slide 5 in our Q1 organic regional sales. Similar to last fiscal year, our performance here is a reflection of electronic component availability rather than the underlying customer demand. North America organic sales grew 8% year-over-year, Latin America sales were up 6%, EMEA sales increased by over 13% and Asia Pacific was up 16%. Let's now move to Slide 6, fiscal 2023 outlook. Given our Q1 performance, our record backlog and a gradually improving supply chain we are increasing our top line and bottom line outlook for fiscal 2023. While we are encouraged by the improving electronic component landscape, the macroeconomic environment is still very dynamic and we continue to take a conservative approach in our operations. Our fiscal 2023 guidance projects total reported sales growth of 12%. Organic sales growth of 13% at the midpoint assumes continued supply chain improvement. The majority of our fiscal 2023 shipments are already in backlog. We continue to expect acquisitions to contribute a point of profitable growth and currency to be a headwind of about 2 points. Nick will touch more on this later. ARR is still expected to grow 15%. Segment margin is expected to increase by over 100 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted EPS is expected to grow 17% versus prior year and we continue to target 95% free cash flow conversion. Let me turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q1 performance and financial outlook for fiscal 2023. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 8, first quarter key financial information. First quarter reported sales were up 6.7% over last year, Q1 organic sales were up 9.9% and acquisitions contributed 80 basis points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by 4 points. About 7 points of our organic growth came from price. Segment operating margin expanded to 20.2% and was significantly higher than our expectations. The majority of our margin improvement versus our expectations was driven by the higher revenue from the redesign activity and improved electronic component availability that Blake discussed earlier. The 110 basis point year-over-year increase in margin was driven by positive price cost and higher sales volume, partially offset by higher investment spend. Corporate and other expense was $27 million, in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $2.46 was ahead of our expectations and grew 15% versus prior year. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on the later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 17.1%. This was in line with our expectations and aligned with our full year estimate of an 18% adjusted effective tax rate. Free cash flow of $42 million was $91 million higher compared to last year, driven by higher pre-tax income. As in recent quarters, working capital continued to grow sequentially. We expect one more quarter of working capital increases this year. We expect working capital balances to decline slightly in the second half of the year as our supply chain gradually improves. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased approximately 600,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $156 million. On December 31st, $1.1 billion remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Organic sales grew double digits in Software and Control and Lifecycle Services, with Intelligent Devices growing 7% year-over-year. As Blake mentioned earlier, orders grew sequentially in Q1 as we saw a healthy demand driven by continued strong project activity with our customers. We continue to see customer ordering patterns consistent with the longer lead times we have for portions of our portfolio. We expect further normalization of ordering patterns as lead times and different products improve. Turning to margins. Intelligent Devices margin declined by 130 basis points year-over-year due to higher resiliency spend and an unfavorable currency impact, partially offset by positive impact from higher price cost. Segment margin for software and control increased 630 basis points compared to last year on positive price cost, the favorable year-over-year impact of Plex and higher sales. Lifecycle Services margin was roughly flat year-over-year. Similar to Q2 fiscal year 2022, we expect Lifecycle Services margin to expand through the balance of the year. The next Slide 10 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q1 fiscal 2022 to Q1 fiscal 2023. Core performance was up $0.55 on a 9.9% organic sales increase. The impact of currency was a $0.15 reduction in earnings per share. This was slightly better than our expectations. The year-over-year impact was due to a stronger U.S. dollar. Incentive compensation was a $0.10 headwind, slightly more than our original plan and driven by our increased growth and earnings expectations for the year. Our higher adjusted effective tax rate was a $0.05 headwind and our reduction in outstanding shares added about $0.05. Let's move on to the next Slide, 11, guidance for fiscal 2023. We are increasing our reported sales guidance to about $8.7 billion in fiscal 2023 or 12% growth at the midpoint. We expect organic sales growth to be in a range of 11% to 15% or 13% at the midpoint of our range. We expect volume to be 9 points of growth and price to be 4 points of growth. This guidance takes into account our Q1 outperformance and is based on our current view of electronic component availability and the rate at which we can deliver on our backlog. By quarter, we expect organic growth rates in Q2 and Q3 to be the highest of the year with each up in the mid to high teens year-over-year, while Q4 revenue is expected to grow organically single digits. While we expect sales to be up sequentially in Q2, we expect margins to be similar to Q1 levels due to higher sequential spend on new product development, resiliency and the timing of our annual merit increase. We now expect a full year currency headwind of 200 basis points, which is 50 basis points better than our previous guidance. This updated outlook primarily reflects the strengthening of the euro against the U.S. dollar. We expect full year segment operating margin to be about 21%, up from prior guidance of about 20.5%. We continue to expect positive price/cost for the full year, with most of the favorability coming from the price actions we took in fiscal 2022. As expected, the majority of our year-over-year price/cost benefit this year is coming in the first half of the year. Our updated guidance now assumes full year core earnings conversion of around 35%. We continue to expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 18%. We are increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance to $10.70 to $11.50. At the midpoint of this range, this represents 17% adjusted EPS growth, up from the prior guidance of approximately 12% at the midpoint. We expect full year fiscal 2023 free cash flow conversion of about 95% of adjusted income. A few additional comments on fiscal 2023 guidance. Corporate and other expense is still expected to be around $120 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2023 is now expected to be about $130 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 115.4 million shares. We've also included on Slide 12 an adjusted EPS walk from our previous guidance to our current guidance at the midpoint for your reference. With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A. Blake?
Blake Moret: Thanks Nick. In this dynamic environment, we are positioning ourselves and our customers for a more resilient, agile and sustainable future. Automation has never been more important in solving our customers' biggest challenges. A large percentage of these global investments are being made in the U.S., where we have the strongest market share, the best channel and decades-long relationships. Shoring is real for many of our most important verticals, and we see these investments, along with the early benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act, reflected in our continued, strong order rates. We are accelerating the pace of our innovation, including new product introductions across all key product platforms and our recent acquisitions. These were showcased at our very successful automation fair in Chicago, where we welcomed over 18,000 customers, partners and employees to an amazing demonstration of the value provided by Rockwell and our friends. I was also able to meet our new CUBIC team in Denmark a few weeks ago, and I am excited about the new opportunities to expand our sustainability portfolio with an increased presence in renewables, CUBIC's largest customer segment. Importantly, I'm happy with how our culture is both embraced and enriched by our recent additions. And I'm excited to see how we deliver strong growth and new customer value together in the years to come. Aijana will now begin the Q&A Session.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Blake. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Julienne, let's take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey good morning Blake, and Nick and Aijana. 
Blake Moret: Hey Scott.
Aijana Zellner: Good morning.
Scott Davis: You guys mentioned a couple of times electronics availability as being still a gating factor. Maybe a little bit more color on that in context kind of how that compares perhaps even just the last quarter and prior quarters and also maybe just some context around the product categories or the geographies where it's particularly still acute?
Blake Moret: Sure. Thanks, Scott. So we characterize the general landscape as generally improving. And I think that's still the case. We use a lot of chips across our product lines. And I think most notable for the quarter's results was our ability to mitigate the specific issue that we were concerned about affecting software and control when we talked last. We were able to move quick we had good relationships with the involved supplier that helped us mitigate that risk. But in general, we're seeing chips improve across a broad landscape, but it's not going to happen overnight. And so we continue to work with those suppliers to improve the remaining constrained chips and some of those are in software and control, some of them are in intelligent devices. And then, of course, because Lifecycle Services uses products from both of those business segments, there's some secondary effects there as well. But the view is optimistic, but all it takes is one chip and a product to keep from being able to ship it. And so it's not all clear yet.
Scott Davis: Blake, is that impacting kind of customer order patterns still? I mean is there still so much fear that lead times are too long that folks are potentially holding on to a little extra inventory here and there? Or is that not an issue because they were never able to hold on to inventory because they couldn't get any product to begin with?
Blake Moret: Yes, it's going to be uneven by different product lines. So, we do have product lines in our portfolio that have pretty much returned to pre-shortage, pre-pandemic levels in terms of lead times. The majority of our product offering is still at elevated lead times. We still see OEMs placing big orders for more months of coverage for their machine needs than they would like to, than they will when we return to more normal lead times there. So it's still a factor, but it's improving, and we expect it to improve through the year.
Scott Davis: Okay, congrats and best of luck this year, guys. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey Andy.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, as you started calendar 2023, have you noticed any change in customer conversations around their CapEx plans in any of your end markets that concerns you? And then you talk about how you're thinking about your backlog moving forward? Obviously, it continues to be unusually high. Given the current demand environment, does it seem likely at this point that you end FY2023 with still relatively high backlog that sets you up for a pretty strong 2024?
Blake Moret: Yes, let me start with that one first, Andy. We're going to have far higher backlog at the end of fiscal 2023 than traditional levels. That's clear. We saw sequential growth in backlog from Q4 to Q1. And with the demand that we're seeing, then we expect backlog to continue to be high as we head into fiscal year 2024. Now in terms of customers' CapEx behavior, the industries that we've highlighted as needing to make, let's say, once in a generation changes in their capacity, that's continuing. And we do track announced CapEx investments across the verticals that are important to us, and we continue to see high levels of investment in EV and battery. Semiconductor isn't on quite the same ramp up of quarter-over-quarter growth of new announcements but it's at a very high level even as that moderates. And as we've talked about, we're seeing increasing share of wallet in those fabs. So that's good news. Food and beverage, we talked about some of the areas, particularly of new value that they are investing in, probably a split of both CapEx and OpEx when they are looking at cybersecurity and some of the information solutions that we're adding. And energy continues to be a positive area where we expect for the full year, oil and gas is going to be double-digit growth for us.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful, Blake. And then Nick, maybe I could just ask you for more color on how you are thinking about price versus cost. You mentioned the 7% price in Q1. I think last quarter; you said price cost would be 100 basis points positive tailwind for the year. Has that expanded at on, how are you thinking about the stickiness of your pricing as supply chain-related headwinds begin to subside?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, the guidance I gave last – three months ago that we expect about 100 basis points of margin expansion through price cost, that holds. It's more or less almost exactly what we said then. The way we see it progressing through the year, we see the majority of, in fact, the vast majority of that year-over-year change improvement happening in the first half of the year. We expected and we continue to expect approximately or a little under 200 basis points of margin expansion in the first half of the year, year-over-year on price cost and that moving down to about 50 basis points of expansion from price cost in the second half of the year. That's not a deterioration as it goes on, that's more a statement of the comps we're going against in fiscal year 2022. Going beyond that, in terms of price cost, now we're getting into 2024, and I'm just not ready to be giving any guidance on how we're seeing price cost beyond that.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey thank you. Good morning everybody. 
Blake Moret: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, good morning. Just a couple for me. First, just on supply chain and kind of the whole redesign dynamic, Blake. Does this actually create some permanent cost advantage, or actually is the redesign work kind of a negative makeshift thing that needs to kind of be corrected further down the road when the supply chain improves more?
Blake Moret: Yes, this is going to make us stronger for the future. The additional redundancy, the qualification of additional components, the work to design basically new bills and material with less constrained components with better suppliers to ensure that that flow is more resilient, long term, that's going to be a net benefit to our overall supply chain. There is some overhead in terms of additional cost that's being directed towards those resiliency efforts, and that will wane over time. But currently, that does contribute to some of the additional costs that we're seeing. But we're already seeing the benefits. And I think mid and long term, that will also continue to be a real strength as we, like all our customers, are looking to increase their resiliency.
Jeff Sprague: And then maybe just another kind of a two-parter for me. First on IRA, I was a little surprised to hear you say you're seeing some benefits there. I know like in wind and some other areas things are kind of gummed up waiting on rule promulgation. So I wonder if you could comment on what you're actually seeing there. And then secondly, on semi, I think, your historical strength has been on the material handling side of the house. And I would think independent cart is a better version of material handling in many respects. But could you maybe size in percentage terms or however you could frame it, how your potential share of wallet is changing in semi with your newer offerings?
Blake Moret: Sure. So Jeff, you asked about the IRA and what specifically are we seeing there. A couple of thoughts come to mind with that. One, we've showcased the work that we're doing with First Solar, including some of their greenfields, which they've stated were helped along by IRA funding for renewable energy. And so we're proud of the relationship we've had for many years with First Solar. We're doing the controls and now the digital twins in their facilities. They would not have introduced as many greenfield projects without IRA funding. And so that's an example where it helped them, which helps us because they are a good partner. The second is some of the provisions in the IRA on U.S. manufacturing. When an automobile manufacturer builds a plant in the U.S., there is a higher probability that we're going to get large content because of our strong position here. And so that's also what's helping us as well. And again, it's the increased investment in the U.S. by the brand owners. But then when it comes to the U.S., for the reasons I talked about earlier and that you're well aware of we have an unmatched position. So for the second part of your question, semiconductor and what are we doing there? For a long time, our core strength has been in areas of facilities management and control systems. So that's controlling the temperature, the humidity, the cleanliness of the clean room environment. We've done that for a long time in Asia. And as more fabs are being built in the U.S., again, we're extending that capability and share of wallet here. It's also in clean room process tools. And with some of the tooling suppliers, we've enjoyed a good relationship for a very long time. And that's a combination of hardware as well as our project management and engineer-to-order expertise. More recently, cybersecurity has been a factor and has added millions of dollars of new business as we're helping harden these facilities to make them more resilient against cyber-attacks. And the wafer transport that we've talked about a couple of times, that independent cart technology that we talk a lot about in EV and other industries, is really valuable here as well. And we're starting to win big, multimillion dollar projects in several of the largest semiconductor companies in the world. And then the final one that I mentioned was a silicon carbide becomes a scale technology. We're starting to use it in our own products. We're seeing some logic-based automation there, and that's exciting because they are using a standard architecture rather than a lot of the custom PC-based control systems that have characterized that industry for a long time. So hopefully, that gets at the heart of those questions, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: It does, thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Blake Moret: Hi, Josh.
Nick Gangestad: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Blake, just trying to balance out here some of what you're seeing out there versus what we're seeing in the macro, I guess the Fed is trying to create some more employment flag deliberately, and you would think that productivity and automation are sort of a foil for that, but it doesn't really seem to be showing up in orders. And I know some of the markets you mentioned in the prepared remarks where things like food and beverage and life science and EV, and maybe there's just not as much demand variability there. But how do you see kind of this cyclical versus secular balance? And are customers making these investments kind of with the expectation that demand will slow down and these are imperatives anyway?
Blake Moret: Yes, I think, there is a blend of things going on. First of all, there is the investment in new technologies that all of the players in the industry, like EV, have a real fear of missing out on. We’ve got the idea that they're going to take a pause based on the macroeconomic concerns and let their competitors build out their fleets and be far ahead of them in terms of their ability to turn out hundreds of thousands of vehicles a year, they just can't wait. And so they are having to power through a still dynamic economic environment. And of course, that's EV and battery. I would say it's also semiconductor as well, where they have to build this capacity. In general, we're seeing across a broader spectrum of verticals the idea that automation is going to help them be more resilient and is going to enable greater productivity from their workforce. So it's not so much about the direct substitution of automation for labor, it's making that labor more productive. And I think that's a general trend that we're seeing across other of our verticals, food and beverage, pharma, and so on. So we're seeing that. We're not tone-deaf to the concerns about the economy. And in terms of our own operations, when I talk about taking a conservative approach, we're watching that. We're prudently adding resources as needed to fuel new growth, but we're very aware of the macro. It's just not going to have as much of an effect on us in the current fiscal year because of a huge backlog that we have, and we're building backlog that's going to go well into 2024 and beyond.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on maybe putting some of these announcements we see out there in context. I think the White House put out something fairly recently, talking about across different verticals like ones you mentioned, some $350 billion [ph] or $400 billion [ph] worth of projects over the next several years. What's sort of the automation exposure within that for some of these bigger announcements? Is it 2% of the spend? 10% of the spend? Just trying to maybe kind of dimensionalize that versus kind of the bigger numbers that we see?
Blake Moret: Yes. Josh, I wish I could construct an equation that would give you the percentages by vertical and give us our guide for us. But unfortunately, there's a huge amount of variability between the different industries. And of course, between greenfield, brownfield and so on, a lot of the brownfield-type investments are going to carry with it a higher percentage. So some of those are dedicated to the things that we offer in terms of automation and information management and the related services. The percentage spend for a new fab or a major new EV complex, it's going to be a small percentage of the total. And our job is to maximize the wins in our traditional value, but work really hard as we're doing in areas like semi and EV to add share of wallet, like we're doing with independent cart really in both of those as we're doing in software on the EV side and so on. So I hope that while that percentage of the total CapEx remains fairly low, it's high value, it's profitable and it's growing each year.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Very helpful as always. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to circle back to the margins, as that was the main area of surprise, I guess in the quarter. So I think Nick, you talked about a 20% segment margin in the first half and sort of 22% in the second half. Is it life cycle services that's seeing that biggest kind of half-on-half ramp? And then also, any help you could give us on thinking about the Software & Control operating leverage? I think that averaged about 70% in the last three quarters, so exceptionally high performance. How should we think about that on a sort of run rate ahead?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Julian thanks for the question there. In terms of moving from roughly 20% margin in the first half of the year to 22% margin in the second half of the year, yes, lifecycle services is one of the bigger contributors to that step up as we see lifecycle services going up through the year. But we're expecting margin expansion in all of our segments year-over-year in fiscal year 2023. And lifecycle services just a little bit over the total average for margin expansion that we're expecting. So that's how we're seeing it. In terms of Software & Control, like Julian, just one of the things I just want to point out, as you look at some of the leverage that we're getting, if you're looking at the base, that was including what I was calling out a year ago of some of our incremental expenses related to Plex. So as an example, in our a little over 600 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year in the first quarter in Software & Control, there's about 200 basis points of that, that came from the year-over-year change in what we're experiencing in Plex as we're largely driven by some of those onetime expenses that we had in 2022. In terms of the overall leverage and conversion that we expect in Software & Control, we don't really give it down to that – at a segment level like that. We – you've often hear me talk about our 30% to 35% core conversion. That's more inclusive of everything. But as we grow Software & Control, we continue to expect that that's going to create margin enhancement. That's one of the things that we expect that will enhance our margin. It is also a business that is attracting more of our incremental growth investments as well as we put more investment in that. So Julian, that's just part of the balance. I'd like you to keep in mind on that.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thanks Nick. And then maybe one just for Blake, on the sort of process industry vertical. So I think you talked about mid-single-digit growth there in the first quarter, and you'll pick up steam as the year goes on. Is that just a function of kind of sort of faster backlog recognition in Process Industries as the year goes on? Is there any sort of particular vertical within process that you think will drive that pickup over the balance of the year versus what you saw in the first quarter?
Blake Moret: Yes. Julian, oil and gas is where we expect a particularly strong ramp from mid-single digit to double-digit. We also see a little bit of that in related chemical industries, particularly the fine chemical applications that are really our sweet spot. Orders continued strong for oil and gas and other verticals in process. They continue, as I mentioned before to see some supply chain shortages that put a little bit of pressure on the shipments in the quarter. But we're comfortable and confident with the continued orders and with the really strong backlog that we'll see the double-digit growth for the full year.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: I should mention – I should just mention, since we're talking about process if you were at Automation Fair, you saw the new high availability Process IO. So it's not just the traditional value that we're providing, but the strength of some of our recent acquisitions and new product introduction. And as we release over the coming months that high availability IO, that's a major step change in our capabilities in our PlantPAx system. So that's something that had been a gap for a period of time, and we're very happy with the way that the IO has turned out and the endorsement by process customers.
Julian Mitchell: That's a good remainder. Thanks Blake.
Blake Moret: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Hi Steve.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on the execution on the quarter.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Steve Tusa: Just on the orders, maybe just a little bit more color. I mean it looks like the lifecycle services orders were up sequentially. You said that total orders were up sequentially. I mean any kind of frame of rough magnitude? I mean should we assume kind of modest sequential growth? Maybe just give us color on total book-to-bill. Was it in around that kind of 1.1 type of area? Maybe just a little bit more high-level color on where the orders landed?
Blake Moret: Yes, the orders were strong. We continue to give the book-to-bill specifically for lifecycle services, which was at 1.21. And overall, for the company, as we talked about orders and backlog being sequentially up, meaning, obviously, orders were in excess of the shipments for the quarter, it's across the segments and it's across the regions as we see that continued demand. And we will see continued high backlog levels even with the strong shipments and the increased guide, we'll see very strong backlog at the end of 2023 as we go into 2024.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Like up low-singles for total order, something in that range?
Blake Moret: Yes. We haven't talked about it other than to say it’s healthy sequential orders because we think the sequential information and the cancellation rates, which we also talked about being flat and remaining in low-single-digits, we think those are the most important factors going forward.
Steve Tusa: Right. And the price embedded in those orders, I mean, to get from up – I think you said 7% this quarter to up 4% in the year, it looks like that prices obviously decelerating. I mean the comps on price get tougher. Is the price in the orders somewhat similar to the price you're booking in revenues today? And are you pretty much booked when it comes to future price increases at this stage?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve, as far as the pricing, what the pricing that we're going to experience for the balance of fiscal year 2023 is all or virtually all of it already baked into our backlog based on the orders that we have and the pricing we put in that. And that will be showing sequential price improvement from what we're seeing right now, just based on how that backlog is playing out. In terms of the guide I'm giving for the full year that is not representing an aspect of price starting to come down from the pricing level we're seeing in the first half. It's just a recognition of – we had virtually no price growth in the first half of fiscal year 2022, and then we had more significant price growth in the second half of fiscal year 2022. So that change from the – it's all based on comp, not on any kind of deceleration there.
Blake Moret: And if I could just add to that, yes, we did have an additional price increase in December, so in this fiscal year. And apart from the announcements of specific price increases, we've talked over the last year of being more agile in terms of getting the recognition of the prices by changing our methodology with customers and with the channel. And I would just say that's proceeding smoothly and with our expectations in terms of being able to be more agile as future price increases are introduced.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, one more quick one, because you guys mentioned it at the Investor Day, any feedback from the channel on how – on the behavior around this January cancellation policy change?
Blake Moret: Yes. As we talked about the new cancellation policy on orders, that's more of a hygiene type of issue. We didn't expect it to affect order patterns, and that's exactly our experience is that it did not have a significant impact on order patterns. But we got it in, and I think it's a healthy part of our processes.
Steve Tusa: Yes. All right. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Luecke from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brendan Luecke: Good morning all. Thanks for taking my question.
Blake Moret: Hey Brendan.
Brendan Luecke: So question, as you look through this current cycle for CapEx, how are you thinking about recurring revenues on the back of your expanded installed base?
Blake Moret: Yes. So we've had a big focus on adding ARR. We've talked much more formally about it here in the last couple of years. And while it's still a relatively small part of our total business, I like starting each year with that recurring revenue. It gives you a reason for being constantly intimate with our customers and the whole land and expand motion is well understood to be a good source of ongoing value. We like our position in terms of having that, growing double-digits, and being able to complement it with the physical goods that we're shipping that are still being sold on a perpetual basis, a one-time PO. But over time, we expect to add additional software and services to our annual recurring revenue streams as well as hardware where that makes sense. One of the phenomenon is as we're in our second year of double-digit growth, because our overall business is growing so fast, the ARR as a percentage of the total is not increasing a huge amount, but it is more than keeping pace. And so we're happy with it. We're retooling our internal business processes to be able to take orders with a mix of hardware, software and services to make it easier and easier for customers and channel to be able to restack and expand the content in those subscriptions and so on. So we're happy with the progress there.
Brendan Luecke: Thank you.
Aijana Zellner: Julienne, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks so much. So I just want to clarify a couple of quick questions. Number one, you mentioned that after implementing the cancellation policy, it didn't really appear to impact order patterns. So just to clarify, you've seen orders trending still healthy here so far in 2Q? You've not seen any pull forward?
Blake Moret: We see some pull forward that was in Q1 that was more a factor from the price increase. But even without that, we had orders that would have contributed to strong sequential growth. So any pull forward would not have had much to do with the cancellation policy, but there would have been some pull forward in Q1 that would have been a factor of the price increase that we introduced then. We are also seeing, as I mentioned in Q1, strong project activity with multi-site and multiyear deals, and that was significant in Q1.
Noah Kaye: Right. And then a lot of talk positively around IRA and its long-term impacts; do you get any sense that, that some of the customer base is still waiting on treasury guidance for some of these credits and the like to make some decisions around investment? Any sort of sense of what that forthcoming guidance could mean in terms of opening up orders?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I know I think that's a fair assumption. Like we clearly have seen some activity of what we think of increased activity as a result, but there still is some portions waiting to be clarified. And I think it's a very fair assumption to think that some of our customers are waiting to see what that clarity is. I know, in our own case we're doing more evaluation and waiting to what some of the provisions means to us. So I think it's fair to assume our customers are doing the same thing.
Noah Kaye: Yes. So very helpful. All right, thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Thanks Noah.
Operator: We are out of time for questions today. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Zellner to close out the call.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks Julienne. That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include in our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties and that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let’s turn to our fourth quarter results on Slide 3. We had a great finish to the fiscal year and delivered very strong operating performance. I’m proud of how our teams navigated this challenging year with continued supply chain volatility, significant inflation and currency headwinds. Our Q4 results were in line with our expectations with organic sales and earnings, both growing double-digits year-over-year and sequentially. Orders came in as expected in the quarter. Our record backlog, along with very low order cancellation rates reflect the continued solid underlying demand from our customers across many industries and regions. Total revenue of over $2.1 billion was up 17.6% year-over-year. Organic sales grew 20.5% versus prior year in line with our expectations. Acquisitions contributed almost two points of growth this quarter. Currency translation reduced sales by about 5%, driven by continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. As expected, we continue to see a gradual stabilization of global supply chain. Similar to last quarter, the split of Q4 shipments by business segment and region was driven by access to specific electronic components. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales grew over 16% versus prior year with growth in all regions. While growth in this segment for the quarter was once again disproportionately impacted by component availability, we were able to mitigate these supply issues with the benefits from our resiliency actions. We see continued market need for our intelligent devices from PowerFlex drives to our motion technology to our best-in-class safety solutions. Our independent cart technology business had a record year with both orders and sales growing over 35% year-over-year. Software & Control organic sales growth of over 32% versus prior year was above expectations. Strong double-digit growth in View and Logix was driven by an improving component supply and our redesign investments. Lifecycle Services organic sales were up 16% year-over-year. Book-to-bill in this segment was 1.02, very good for our fourth quarter. Information Solutions and Connected Services had another quarter of double-digit growth in both orders and sales. Here are a couple of wins in ISCS to highlight the continued value of our recent acquisitions and new releases in these areas. One of our Plex wins this quarter was with Futaba North America, a member of the Toyota business network. Futaba has selected Plex Smart Manufacturing platform for ERP, MES, quality management and production monitoring. Our state-of-the-art solution provides real-time inventory management complex planning and full visibility into this customer’s manufacturing operations. Another example of how our new offerings are adding new value to our traditional customers is our win with Kraft Heinz this quarter. Our Plex platform, along with Kalypso’s digital design and implementation services are helping Kraft meet its productivity, yield and quality goals. We also continue to broaden our customer base with our Fiix, cloud-native maintenance management system. In the quarter, Fiix was chosen by Barrett Steel, the UK’s largest independent steel stockholder to help reduce their unplanned downtime with a solution that could be easily scaled across 28 sites. Connected Services sales were also strong in the quarter with double-digit growth in digital projects and cybersecurity services. In the quarter, ARR grew 14%, bringing our ARR to over 8% of total revenue. Segment margin of over 23% was up 540 basis points year-over-year, reflecting another quarter of strong execution. Adjusted EPS grew 30% year-over-year. Earlier this week, we completed the acquisition of the Danish company, CUBIC, a worldwide leader in modular systems for electrical panels. This acquisition will help expand the global REIT for our intelligent devices and will bring new customers and partners, including a broader market access in renewable energy and data centers. Let’s now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q4 end market performance. All three industry segments grew double-digits this quarter driven by continued gradual improvement in the availability of electronic components. In our discrete industries, sales were up almost 20%. Within discrete, automotive sales were up 25% versus prior year. We had numerous wins this quarter with our customers continuing to invest in their global operations, whether it’s starting up a new factory, securing their network infrastructure, or upgrading existing facilities with cloud-native software. One of our key EV wins this quarter was with Hyundai Motors for their U.S. greenfield mega site in Bryan County, Georgia. Hyundai Motors has selected Rockwell as their controls partner for press, body, paint and general assembly. Semiconductor sales grew 30% year-over-year with several global wins this quarter. In addition to securing a sizable turnkey project in Asia with our proven facilities monitoring system, we had an important win here in the U.S. to provide flexible wafer transfers as part of this customer’s automated material handling system. Our Independent Cart Technology is being leveraged at scale to support this customer’s labor productivity and capacity goals. In e-commerce and warehouse automation, our sales were up high-single digits in the quarter. Even with the slowdown in new e-commerce fulfillment center investment, retailers continue to adopt our solutions for greater warehouse efficiency and throughput. Moving to our hybrid industry segment. Sales in this segment grew over 20%, led by growth in food and beverage, life sciences and eco-industrial. Food and beverage sales were up 20% versus prior year. Similar to last quarter, we continue to see a good pipeline of greenfield and brownfield projects at our key customers. In the quarter, we won several multi-site deals with some of the largest food and beverage companies with a healthy mix of intelligent devices, software and digital consulting and implementation services. Life Sciences sales grew over 35% in the quarter with continued customer investments in software, cybersecurity and modular process control. Tire was up 20% versus prior year, led by growth at our end user customers. This is another vertical where we are seeing an increase in greenfield projects in all regions. Turning to process. This industry segment grew mid-teens versus prior year, with growth in metals, chemicals and oil and gas. One of the wins in chemicals this quarter was with Bora Lyondell Basell Petrochemical, the joint venture between Lyondell Basell and Bora Enterprise Group. The customer chose our advanced analytics solution to help improve product quality and increase production capacity at their new polymer production plant in China. Turning now to Slide 5 in our Q4 organic regional sales performance. North America organic sales grew by 20% versus the prior year. Latin America sales were also up 20%, EMEA sales grew over 24%, and Asia-Pacific was up almost 18%. Let’s move to Slide 6, an update to our orders and backlog performance this fiscal year. Order cancellations continue to stay within our historical low-single digit range. Our orders of over $10 billion and record backlog of over $5 billion this year set the stage for another year of strong sales growth in fiscal year 2023. As we turn to Slide 7, let’s review highlights of fiscal 2022. We had another year of record orders with total orders of over $10 billion, growing 20% versus prior year. Reported and organic sales grew 11%, an impressive performance in light of all the challenges of the year. Information Solutions and Connected Services continue to meaningfully contribute to our growth with over $800 million in sales, growing double digits. ARR is also growing double digits and now accounts for more than 8% of our total revenue. Adjusted EPS was up 1% versus prior year. Excluding last year’s one-time items, adjusted EPS was up 11%. Free cash flow conversion of 61% was driven by higher working capital. Nick will cover this in more detail later. The investments we’ve made this year have strengthened the resiliency of our business model and position us for sustained growth in fiscal year 2023 and beyond. Let’s now move to Slide 8, fiscal 2023 outlook. With the size of our record backlog, our outlook for fiscal 2023 is predicated on the availability of components. Given continued supply chain volatility, we think a conservative approach is appropriate. Our fiscal 2023 guidance projects total reported sales growth of 9.5%. Organic sales growth of 11% at the mid-point assumes continued supply chain stabilization with 4 points of growth coming from price and 7 points coming from volume. We expect acquisitions to contribute a point of profitable growth and currency to be a headwind of about 2.5 points. ARR is expected to have another year of double-digit growth. We are projecting segment margin to expand by 60 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted EPS is expected to grow 12% versus prior year. And we target generation of over $1.1 billion of free cash flow next year with a return to a more normalized conversion of 95%. Let me turn it over to Nick to provide more detail on our Q4 performance and financial outlook for fiscal 2023. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 9, fourth quarter key financial information. Fourth quarter reported sales were up 17.6% over last year. Q4 organic sales were up 20.5% and acquisitions contributed 1.9 points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by 4.8 points. Segment operating margin expanded to 23.3% and was in line with our expectations. The 540 basis point increase was driven by higher sales and positive price costs, partially offset by the negative impact from currency. Corporate and other expense was $35 million and in line with the prior year. Adjusted EPS of $3.04 was in line with our guidance and grew 30% versus the prior year. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 17.8%. The year-over-year increase was related to the cumulative impact of several onetime discrete items recognized in the prior year. Free cash flow was $359 million and was up $200 million over the prior year, driven by higher pretax income. Working capital on a currency-neutral basis grew 10% sequentially versus our plans for a 10% decline. Our planned inventory reductions did not materialize in the quarter due to the continued build of raw material and work in process waiting on critical components. The actions we put in place to rightsize inventory are taking longer to implement in the current supply chain environment. Our inventory days on hand at the end of the current year were close to 130 days versus a pre-pandemic average of 90 to 100 days. One additional item not shown on the slide. We repurchased approximately 300,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $76 million. For the full year, our share repurchases totaled $301 million, in line with our July guidance. On September 30, $1.3 billion remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Total and organic sales grew double digits across all three segments with software and control growing over 30% year-over-year. Backlog for all three segments grew sequentially and was up over 75% year-over-year. Segment margins for the Intelligent Devices segment expanded to 22.3% on higher sales and positive price/costs, partially offset by the negative impact from currency. Compared to last year, software and control margins were up over 10 percentage points driven by higher sales and positive price/cost, partially offset by negative currency impacts. Lifecycle Services segment margin was 10.7% and increased 260 basis points versus prior year, benefiting from higher sales. Book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.02. The next Slide 11 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q4 fiscal 2021 to Q4 fiscal 2022. Core performance was up $1.15 on a 20.5% organic sales increase. Approximately $0.10 were related to non-recurring accelerated investments that were made in the prior year. These investments were mostly in our Software & Control segment. The impact of currency was a $0.25 reduction in EPS, which was about $0.10 worse than our expectations, reflecting the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar throughout the quarter. Incentive compensation was a $0.10 benefit. As previously noted, our higher adjusted effective tax rate was a $0.60 headwind due to prior year comps. Acquisitions, including the impact of interest added $0.15, primarily related to the prior year Plex deal fees. Our reduction in outstanding shares added about $0.05. Slide 12 provides a walk from our Q4 midpoint in our July guidance to our actual Q4 adjusted EPS results. Other than currency, sales and profits in the quarter played out in line with our guidance. Currency impact on sales was about $25 million worse than we expected and a $0.10 worse on EPS. The impact from currency on EPS was offset by a slightly lower incentive compensation and a more favorable adjusted tax rate. Strong organic sales growth and good execution delivered over 23% operating margin in the quarter. Slide 13 provides key financial information for the full year fiscal 2022. Reported sales grew 10.9% to $7.8 billion, including over 2 points coming from acquisitions. Currency negatively impacted sales by approximately $200 million or 2.7 points. Organic sales were up over 11% with growth bounced across all regions and business segments. Full year segment margin remained at about 20%. The benefit from higher volumes and lower incentive compensation was fully offset by higher wages and labor inefficiencies in our projects and in our plants caused by supply chain constraints. Margins were also negatively impacted by negative price costs, primarily in the first half of the year. We increased our growth investments by double digits this year with a big focus on key product launches, new digital capabilities, increased sales force investments and plant capacity expansion. Corporate and other was down $16 million, mostly related to acquisition costs associated with the Plex acquisition in the prior year. Adjusted EPS was up 1%. A detailed year-over-year adjusted EPS walk can be found in the appendix for your reference. Excluding the impact of the tax rate and the prior year onetime items, which included a favorable legal settlement and onetime accelerated investments, our adjusted EPS was up 11%. As discussed earlier, free cash flow performance was below our expectations with free cash flow conversion of 61%. The $460 million decrease in free cash flow was driven by a 50% increase in working capital on a currency-neutral basis as well as the payments of the fiscal year 2021 bonus in fiscal year 2022. There was no bonus payment made in fiscal year 2021. Working capital as a percent of sales was 16% compared to 12% a year earlier. Return on invested capital was 15.2% for fiscal year 2022 and 16 points worse than the prior year, primarily related to higher invested capital and lower pretax GAAP income driven by our mark-to-market adjustments made on our PTC investment in both years. For the year, we deployed about $900 million of capital towards dividends, share repurchases and inorganic investments in fiscal 2022. We also paid down debt by about $150 million. Our capital structure and liquidity remains strong. Before I cover fiscal year 2023 guidance, let’s turn to Page 14. In fiscal year 2022, our backlog grew by over 75% year-over-year, including strong double-digit growth in each segment. Pre-pandemic, we had about one month or less of the following year’s revenue in the backlog for Software & Control and Intelligent Devices. Our backlog now represents over 50% of our fiscal year 2023 sales guide for both of these segments. This unprecedented backlog coverage adds to our confidence in our revenue outlook. Our backlog also includes the benefits of price increases that were implemented throughout fiscal year 2022. Let’s move on to the next Slide 15, guidance for fiscal year 2023. We are expecting sales of about $8.5 billion in fiscal 2023, up 9.5% at the midpoint of the range. We expect organic sales growth to be in a range of 9% to 13% and 11% at the midpoint of our range. This outlook includes our current backlog levels, our latest assumptions on supply chain stabilization as well as continued price growth momentum. We expect full year segment operating margins to be about 20.5%. At the midpoint, our guidance assumes full year core earnings conversion of between 30% and 35%. I’ll cover a few more details on this on the next slide. We expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate will be around 18%. We do not anticipate any material discrete items to impact our tax rate in fiscal 2023. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $10.20 to $11. This compares to fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS of $9.49. At the midpoint of the range, this represents 12% adjusted EPS growth. I will cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS walk on a later slide. We expect full year fiscal 2023 free cash flow conversion of about 95% of adjusted income. This reflects $190 million of capital expenditures. We are planning for a reduction in our working capital days with a focus on inventory days on hand. Our working capital is targeted to be about 15% of sales, still above our historic amount of around 12% as the return to pre-pandemic supplier lead times is slow. Finally, our projections include additional income tax payments of around $100 million related to the change in U.S. tax law that no longer allows for the immediate expensing of R&D. A few additional comments on fiscal 2023 guidance. Corporate and other expense is expected to be around $120 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2023 is expected to be around $120 million. And finally, we’re assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 115.1 million shares. Let’s turn to Slide 16. Given the continued supply chain volatility and many moving pieces, we wanted to provide a slide that lays out the tailwinds and headwinds that are included in our fiscal year 2023 guidance. From a top line perspective, our 11% organic sales growth is supported by our higher backlog. This includes about 7% from higher volumes due to general supply chain stabilization, low cancellation rates and resiliency benefits coming from our redesign efforts done in fiscal 2022 and continuing in fiscal 2023. About 4% is coming from price growth, mostly tied to price actions that went into effect in fiscal 2022. We also have factored in about 1% inorganic growth for our recently completed acquisition of CUBIC. While the supply chain shows some signs of stabilization in Q4, there continues to be volatility along with a dynamic macroeconomic environment including the unfavorable impact of currency. All of these factors have informed our sales guidance and range. On adjusted EPS, we expect margin expansion from increased volume and positive price growth. The net favorable impact of price/cost on margins is about 100 basis points. We also will benefit from a higher discount rate favorably impacting our pension expense and will see about a $0.15 benefit from share repurchases. We continue to make investments in attracting and retaining key talent as well as restoring our bonus payout back to 100%. Combined these two items are around a 150-basis point headwind to our margins. While we do expect a positive price/cost for the year, we are also factoring in continued inflation, primarily in electronic components. We expect our margins to be negatively impacted by unfavorable mix and currency. Combined these two items will be a negative impact of around 150 basis points. We are expecting an adjusted effective tax rate of 18% or about a $0.20 headwind. The next Slide 17 provides the adjusted EPS walk from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 guidance at the midpoint for your reference and which I spoke to on the previous slide. From a calendarization viewpoint, we expect our second and third quarters to have the highest sales growth rates for the year with each up mid-to-high teens year-over-year. We expect Q1 and Q4 to be in the single-digit growth range. Following the first quarter, we expect sequential sales to improve over the balance of the year. We expect segment margins and adjusted EPS to decline year-over-year in Q1. We see segment margins in the mid-teens for Q1 which is factored into our full year view of 20.5%. In Q1, we are projecting a year-over-year margin decrease from increases in spend, unfavorable mix, and currency, partially offset by positive price/cost. We are seeing margins improved sequentially following Q1 driven by higher volumes and continued positive price/cost. Moving on to the next Slide 18. I’ll make a few comments on our capital deployment framework. Our long-term capital deployment priorities remain the same. Our first priority is organic growth. After that, we focus capital deployment on inorganic activities. Then we focus on capital returns to shareowners, through our dividend, and then share repurchases. In addition to our organic and inorganic investments, our capital deployment plans for fiscal 2023 include a focus on de-levering, dividends of about $540 million, and share repurchases of between $200 million and $300 million. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As we look to 2023, we are confident in our ability to execute our strategy. Our record backlog, underlying customer demand, and a more resilient operating model set the stage for a year of double-digit sales and earnings growth. As you heard today, we are continuing to invest for our future, including investing in attracting and retaining key talent. I would like to thank our people for their relentless commitment to solving the immediate needs of our customers while focusing on continued innovation and investment for the future. We are excited to share some of these innovations with you at our Investor Day in Chicago during Automation Fair later this month. We will be introducing an industry-first, cloud-native programming application for Logix, a new operator interface package, new I/O for process industries, on-machine motor control, and a host of other differentiated offerings that make this time a historic moment in Rockwell’s journey. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: We would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow up. Thank you. Julianne, let’s take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys, Blake, Nick, Aijana.
Blake Moret: Hey, good morning.
Aijana Zellner: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Thanks for the detail. But can you give us a sense of inflection points and end markets, things that you’re expecting to get perhaps meaningfully better or meaningfully worse in your 2023 guide?
Blake Moret: So Scott, just working through the different industry segments, we talk about continued investment within the discrete industry segment in EV and battery. I mentioned the Hyundai wind, great wind force for with the greenfield, and we continue to see both the established brand owners as well as the startups increase capacity in their EV fleets because they have to, otherwise they’re going to lose share and they’re not going to be ready to meet growing consumer demand there. So we see that continuing. We continue to see a semiconductor moving forward. And even with a decrease in demand in the consumer markets, the trends remain that people are going to try to make every product that they produce smarter and there’s going to continue to be growth in semiconductor, in consumer and certainly in the industrial markets that we participate in and automotive and so on. So we see continued investment there. And as we talked about a little bit, we’re playing an expanded role in semiconductor production most specifically referenced by that material handling that way for handling wind that we talked about on the call. We see warehouse automation continuing. I don’t see an immediate reacceleration in e-commerce, but for retailers wanting to be more efficient in back of store and in their own warehouses, we continue to see good business there going forward into fiscal 2023. In the Hybrid Industry segment, food and beverage continues a lot of that activity apart from a few of the green fields that we’re participating in is actually productivity and resilience plays within existing facilities. So this is one of the best areas for our cyber security offerings. The services that we’re providing in assessing and remediating and monitoring these facilities is particularly attractive to a lot of these food and beverage and consumer packaged goods companies. Pharmaceuticals, we continue to see the trends towards personalized medicine continuing on and within the Hybrid Industry segment, eco industrial with renewables and energy management water treatment that continues to be strong I think with good secular tailwinds. And then in process oil and gas, we continue to see double-digit growth ahead for the Sensia joint venture. Obviously, there’s a lot of interest in the U.S. expanding our ability to provide energy both for our own domestic needs as well as potentially more export and along with traditional fossil fuels and helping them with their energy transition plans. And all of them of course have those plans. Renewables as well, and we’ve talked before about customers like for solar that are continuing to build out their capabilities in renewables, and we’re playing a strong role in that. So when we look at these verticals, we continue to see strength even in the face of what are certainly some macroeconomic headwinds.
Scott Davis: Good answer, Blake, or good thorough answer. When you get into the detail of auto. When you think about the spend – higher spend in EV and batteries, is there a certain negative offset in ice [ph] or is there some pent-up demand? I suppose just from the COVID lockdowns and such in that part of the world where there still needs to be some money spent, some color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Blake Moret: Yes, Scott, I think the brand owners are going to continue to focus on their profit makers, right? They’ve got their own sources of profit that are funding these new ventures. And so when you think of the trucks and the bigger vehicles, the luxury vehicles that are providing an outsized percentage of the profit, they’re going to be working to keep those areas strong through this. They’re probably going to be very judicious when it comes to model changeovers and things like that, but in terms of keeping those plants up and running that’s a good read for us with all the installed base that we have.
Scott Davis: Okay. I’ll pass it on. Thank you and best of luck.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Hi. Can you hear me?
Blake Moret: We can.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Excellent. Just, can you just talk about maybe any one time items that you got to ship a third quarter that you’re not getting to ship in the first quarter? Other than normal seasonality, a price cost, but any specific market or geography that was particularly strong in the quarter, that sort of leading to very conservative forecast on mix and revenue in Q1? Thank you.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, the biggest swing we’re going to see Andrew is in our Software & Control segment. Our fourth quarter, we saw good availability of components that we’re benefiting our results in the fourth quarter. As we work with our suppliers there, we are seeing a decline in our Software & Control in the first quarter as we work specific – there’s specific components that we – that will be during part of the first quarter that will be an even shorter supply. And that’s part of what we’re causing – what we’re guiding in our statements about first quarter. This is really coming from our increase – as you can imagine, Andrew, throughout the year, it become even tighter engaged with our component suppliers to make sure we are making the right plans and making the right promises to our customers. And with this, we could see that there’s a couple components that are going to be impacting us in partway through first quarter.
Blake Moret: Yes. Nick, just to add to that, Andrew, the granularity of our analysis and out of our key suppliers, I should add continues to improve. And we think that had a bearing on Q3 and Q4 coming in as we expected in terms of the component supply. Working with these suppliers, we did identify a constraint in chip supply that will disproportionately affect offering control for a portion of Q1. The suppliers that we’re working with have a high say/do ratio. They have characterized the issue. We understand it. We’re working closely with them. But that’s embedded in the Q1 implied guide.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just to understand in terms of your backlog and as you look into 2023, what percent of your revenue is underwritten at this point by the existing backlog? And how does it compare to sort of a normal year end? Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Yes. So, Nick will add some additional details to this. But we have about 60% of the full year in backlog. Typically, we have about a month. Most of our products are delivered off of a distributor shelf or very quickly from one of our factories either drop ship or through the distributor. And so having well over half the year of our shipments in the guidance in backlog is absolutely unprecedented. And you see the slide that we posted to kind of show the development of that across all three of our business segments.
Andrew Obin: Right. Sorry, Nick. Yes?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andrew, I don’t really have anything to add to that, that those comments about less than a month and greater than half a year, that’s really focused on our Software & Control and Intelligent Devices. I would call our Lifecycle Services a more normal. It’s slightly elevated backlog, but that’s a more normal type backlog. It’s the other two segments that have the extended amounts of backlog.
Andrew Obin: So it’s just a real ability to ship as the gating factor.
Nick Gangestad: That is correct.
Andrew Obin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, I just wanted to try to deconstruct the grid – I’m sorry, the bridge a little bit more if we could. In particular, just thinking about price cost, right, I think you talked about a 100 basis point tailwind there. And Nick, I guess the math that I’m doing here is 4% price is kind of like over $300 million, right. So that’s like $2 a share. So to get price/cost down to, call it, roughly $1 that we’d be talking about cost being about half of what price is. So that gets me to like $150 million benefit on price/cost or maybe 200 basis points. I don’t know if you agree with that math, but I just love some more color on what’s going on in price/cost and mix and just how to really frame that number up a little bit more precisely.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Most of your math make sense and aligns with how we’re thinking about it. We are expecting input cost inflation to continue in 2023, and that’s reflected. And again, about half of what we’re seeing at price, that’s accurate REIT that you’re making, Jeff. As far as the – where that inflation that we’re expecting, we’re expecting all or virtually all of it in electronic components, where we’ve been seeing that continue to go up, and we’re projecting that to continue to go up in fiscal year 2023. Things like logistics, we’ve seen some benefits more recently but we’re calling that closer to flat for next year because while we’re seeing some rate decreases, we’re also anticipating some extra fuel costs that will largely offset that on the logistics side. So in terms of the math on it, I think the only thing I’d point out is that price not only affects the numerator in that equation. It also affects the denominator as well. So adjusting both your – the income benefit but also the impact it has on revenue. That’s what I – that’s where I get to the 100 basis point impact on margin.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for that. And then just a little bit more on Q1, pretty clear on the answer to Andrew’s question about supply availability but maybe just give us a little color on the cadence of investment spending. It always seems to be a bit of a parlor game every year figuring out how that’s progressing over the year. It sounds like it’s heavier in Q1 and then tapers off, but can you give us a little bit more color on how to think about that.
Nick Gangestad: No. Our investment spend now – and you got to realize, Jeff, this is coming off a year where we increased our investment spend by 10% or a little over that. And now we’re planning in our plans this year about a 5% increase on top of that. So that brings us to the cadence throughout the year. I don’t see any big significant change in the cadence. When I was talking about the movement of spend, that’s really more a statement on Q1 of last year to Q1 of fiscal year 2023 that will be going up. Sequentially from Q4 to Q1, I don’t see our investment spend changing very much. That will stay at a pretty consistent level.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I guess, first question on backlog conversion. You sort of touched on a little bit of it, but any sort of explicit view on whether or not you guys will be working down backlog or any view on how order rates kind of progress throughout the year like is that something that you’re planning on dipping into as part of that volume growth? Or is the expectation – that order rates kind of stay in the ZIP code and you kind of end up kind of flattish on the backlog situation. I know it’s not normal guidance item, but we’re kind of at an unusual point in time.
Blake Moret: Yes, for sure. Let me just start by saying even with orders and shipments converging a bit in Q4, we still built backlog in Q4. And so we continue to expect significant backlog as we exit fiscal year 2023. We’re going to continue to provide orders information through the year. We think it’s an important point. But as we’ve been saying and as we’re now seeing as lead times in certain areas become – start coming down and our levels of customer service are increasing, we’ll see those orders and those shipments converge, but they remained well above pre-pandemic order rates. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. I don’t think I have much to add to what Blake said there. We – I think, particularly in the second half of the year, if we started to see some reduction in the backlog driven by reductions in our lead times, we would see that as healthy.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just on the incremental margins. I think longer term targeting something a little bit higher and sort of a reference point last year. Do you expect those to accelerate? I guess, sort of the input cost environment and some of the 1Q noise around supply chain. But on the investment side, I guess, what changed or what are you guys seeing to accelerate that a little further here? Like is there a specific market or channel shortfall? Or what exactly should we kind of anchor to as the driver of maybe that slightly higher number?
Nick Gangestad: The 5% increase that we’re talking about in fiscal 2023, I just want to make sure I’m answering the right question.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes. Or I guess more broadly, what’s driving the incrementals apart from the things that are kind of beyond your control?
Nick Gangestad: Well, first, on the investment spend, that’s – that I would put in a very normal range of growth for us from a historic perspective. And it’s the typical things that we’ve been investing in. We’re investing in product development. We’re investing in our SaaS capabilities, some of our enterprise digitization. We continue to invest in our sales force and as well as we’ve been doing some investment in plant capacity expansion and we see that continuing to go. We’re also investing in our own talent and the compensation that we are providing for the talent. That’s all part of that roughly 5% increase in 2023. Now one of the big things we have – I said earlier that we have a core conversion that in the 30% to 35% range, that’s in line with our financial framework that we’ve laid out. One of the bigger moving items in that is just the restoration of our bonus that, that we had a noticeably less-than-planned bonus in fiscal year 2022. In this guide, we’re planning for that to go back to our 100% level. And our core conversion if we were to normalize for that would be at 40%.
Blake Moret: Yes. Just to add a little bit more. I touched on some of the new product introductions that we’re going to be bringing out and that really are creating new streams of value for customers and investors for that matter. At Automation Fair, we’re going to be introducing a cloud-native programming package for Logic. This is going to be an industry first for a major programmable controller line. It’s a big deal. It went general availability, it went GA a few days ago. And this is the start of a whole new level of value for our customers for many, many years to come. A new operator interface package that came to us began really with our acquisition of ASEM, it was an extra benefit in addition to the hardware that we have from ASEM. That’s going to be at Automation Fair. A brand-new line of process IO, specifically for process industries, a major step in the areas that we’ve been talking about for a while now to add new process functionality to Logix control systems. On machine motion control with kinetics and PowerFlex, so these are things that customers have been asking for, for years. And we’re coming out now with these items and at the beginning of these new revenue streams. In areas like cloud native software, one of the most important things you get is continued innovation and releases to the market. With on-prem software, you’re often bound by annual or semiannual releases. And while we’ll continue to do that with our strong on-prem offering, continuing to innovate at a faster pace with these new cloud-native offerings is a whole new source value for us. And so some of that is embedded with those investment spending increases, along with the go-to-market to make sure that we’re getting the word out, and we’re in front of the customers we need to be.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, Good morning. And I just wanted to circle back maybe just some of the comments on the first fiscal quarter. So I think you talked about 15% segment margins down from, I guess, 23% sequentially in Q4. And you mentioned mix a couple of times. So is the point there that the Software & Control margins are down very heavily versus that kind of 8-point firm-wide average. And then are we right in thinking it’s around sort of $1.80, $1.90 of EPS in fiscal Q1? There’s nothing odd happening below the line or anything like that? Just wanted to clarify that a little bit on mix and the EPS.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Julian. The biggest thing I’m talking about when I talk about mix is exactly what you referenced of our Software & Control. It was a noticeable help to us in Q4 with the 30%-plus growth there, and it will become a headwind to us in the first quarter because we expect it to be growing below the rest of the company average. So that swing there will be part of what’s happening. In terms of other things, like things with corporate, other, with tax rate, I don’t see anything out of the norm impacting us in Q1 disproportionately one way or the other versus the full year.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. So that sort of $1.80, $1.90 isn’t a bad sort of starting point, if you’re down from the $2.10 a year ago of EPS.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, you’re asking me to start to guide quarterly EPS guidance. I’m trying to give as much color as I can, but I haven’t pegged a exact range for EPS for Q1. We tend to guide for the full year what we expect for EPS.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And then just – thank you, Nick. Just my quick follow-up would be around the order intake. I think Blake, you made some very positive comments around the overall environment. I guess ABB had talked about kind of a normalization of discrete automation orders by their customers as supply chains are easing and maybe slightly extended kind of times for the customers to place orders because of the macro. So kind of two different drivers maybe weighing on orders a little bit. I just wondered if Rockwell had seen either of those points affecting the order intake at all.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think in the first, with – as lead times come in a bit, and we’re seeing that with certain of our product lines, you need less coverage, particularly if you’re a machine builder, you don’t need as many months of coverage of the products to complete your equipment. And so that’s going to reduce the size and maybe the frequency of those orders. And I think that is a positive trend because it means customer service is coming back to where we expected to be. And graphically, you see a bit of that on some of the charts that we showed. In terms of customers with your second point, customers saying, no, we don’t really need it now, not seeing much of that. I can tell you that the calls I’m having with customers frequently are that they want their stuff. And so we’re not seeing much at all in the way of customers saying, ship it when you can. That stuff I ordered a few weeks ago. Don’t worry. I’m not getting those calls. So that would be my characterization of what we’re seeing.
Q - Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Luecke from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brendan Luecke: Good morning, all. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning.
Brendan Luecke: So I just wanted to double click on the cancellation trends. They’ve ticked up a little bit over the last couple of quarters. I guess two questions here. One, is there a root cause? Or is this just noise in the numbers? And then two, just a point of clarification. The 1%, 2%, 3%, are these quarterly cancellation rates? Or is that an annualized rate?
Blake Moret: Yes, those are quarterly rates and I’d put them more in the noise category. I mean, these are rates that are low single digits and they’re well within the range of what we’ve seen historically.
Brendan Luecke: Okay. Excellent. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: On the end markets, can you give us a little bit of color around very strong sales growth orders a bit less of growth. Maybe just give us a little bit of color on the orders to the extent, you know, were there any end markets that were actually down? Or are they all up on orders?
Blake Moret: Yes. So we don’t provide specific information on incoming orders by industry. But based on the line of sight that we have with customers in these areas where we’re working specifically with them on projects, whether it’s in pharmaceutical for getting new medicines to market or it’s new plants for EV like the Hyundai win or oil and gas wins that we see through Sensia. We’ve got pretty good line of sight to that incoming activity, and it remains robust. I mean, again, while the order rates have moderated a bit, they’re still well above pre-pandemic levels in the verticals that I talked about during my tour in answer to Scott’s question.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then just on this – on the S&C margin, it’s just a little bit like more lumpy than what we’ve heard from others. Is there anything in the rev rec, revenue recognition around the software businesses that’s kind of moving these margins around at all that we have to consider for a business like this going forward that may have an influence on 4Q to 1Q, it’s just the seasonality here for that business? And also, why wouldn’t these supply constraints impact intelligent devices more if they were kind of based on more of the products?
Blake Moret: Sure. Let me start with that and then Nick may have additional comment. The Software & Control story is really around reduced volume. There’s nothing in there with software rev rec, Plex continues to perform well. We didn’t talk as much about it on the call, but we’re very happy with the development of Plex, with the strategic value, the industrial logic as well as the financial performance of Plex, and we will talk more about that during Investor Day in a few weeks. So there’s nothing there that’s causing margins to be affected. It’s more about the volume. And the issue that I talked a little bit about is with a specific components that are disproportionately used in Software & Control, there’s a reduced supply for a portion of Q1 that picks back up. And so really, that’s – we’re giving a little bit more insight there. But that’s what’s causing the reduction after an over 30% year-over-year growth rate in the fourth quarter with Software & Control. And as we’ve talked about often, all of our products are very highly impacted, positively by increasing growth. We saw that manifested in Q4 with Software & Control, and we’re seeing that moderate in Q1 and then with sequential growth from there through the balance of the year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve, one way, we are still seeing, from a macro standpoint, general stabilization occurring from a supply chain perspective. What I’m pointing out what we’re seeing with Software & Control is some particular isolated incidences where we have this visibility of what’s coming at us during the current quarter, and we just wanted to highlight that to you. It’s not a general trend. It’s something very specific and very short term.
Steve Tusa: Right. But not software, not related to software rev rec? Yes. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, there’s obviously concern out there regarding a slower global economy, but your orders, as you’ve talked about have remained strong. Can you give more color into what your customers are telling you about their CapEx plans? We’ve already talked about some of your more cyclical end markets outperforming the semis and autos. But how much do you think reshoring is helping you at this point? And where do you think we are and let’s call it the reshowing cycle, if you may?
Blake Moret: Yes. I like talking about shoring rather than reshoring because it’s really more about the U.S. being an outsized beneficiary of new CapEx as opposed to shuttering plants in China and other parts of Asia and bringing it back to the U.S. It’s really about new lines of business, new capacity, filling out a little more of a local-for-local strategy, got a lot of manufacturers are providing, and I don’t see anything with the current economic headwinds that would cause people to say just kidding. Let’s go back to pushing manufacturing to other parts of the world and chase lower labor rates. I see, if anything, the U.S. continuing to be a beneficiary as people are trying to add redundant lines as people are trying to get closer to their consumers so that they’re not having to rely on 10,000-mile supply chains. We’re going to continue. And one of the things I look at is our own plans as a manufacturer. What is Rockwell doing? And we look at our CapEx that Nick talked about, which is up year-over-year for things that we feel like we need to do for the near-term in office to sustain share gains going forward and the continued investment in the U.S. We have a very important manufacturing that we’re going to continue in the U.S. because it’s our biggest market. And we continue to support manufacturing close to consumer here just as we do in Europe and in Asia and in Latin America.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful, Blake. And then can you give us a little more color to what you’re seeing in process automation markets? It seems like you’re forecasting a bit of an uptick in mining related growth for 2023? You’re still forecasting double-digit chemicals-related growth despite chemical-related companies having more difficult time lately. So what are your customers telling you there? And then given the later cycle nature of Lifecycle solutions, should we expect a bigger margin tick up in that business in 2023 versus the other segments?
Blake Moret: So process, we’re expecting good things in fiscal year 2023. And this is an area where even apart from the recent activity, the recent dynamics backlog is very meaningful. And so when we look at backlog, for instance, in Sensia, it’s very strong. It’s an even higher number in terms of the percentage of revenue that’s in backlog for fiscal 2023 than the Rockwell company average. And that’s typical because it’s engineered solutions that take longer to plan and stage and design, commission and so on. So we see that as a good read for oil and gas. There’s activity in mining, and we’ve had some decent wins. I wouldn’t call mining back at a torrid pace there. Metal is pretty good. And we don’t talk as much about metals, but metals continues to be a big automation market and especially with the release of some of the new high-performance drives, we’ve got better capacity, better capabilities than we’ve had in years for addressing that market. There’s still some activity in forest products and chemicals, and we talked about the win with Bora LyondellBasell, where our offerings, our continued enhancement of offerings with Logix Space control systems is going to help us in chemical, the new IO that we’re going to be introducing an automation fair is going to be a major step for chemical as well. So those are some of the things going on there. And then in life science, as you mentioned that, really strong growth in the fourth quarter. We’ve talked about how life sciences is not as affected by the component shortages because so much of our business in life sciences is actually based on software and high-value services. And from a macro standpoint, people want to live longer, healthier lives and personalized medicine is a way to help that objective, and that’s something that we’re particularly strong in.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color.
Aijana Zellner: Julianne, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Phil Buller from Berenberg. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Buller: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. I’m keen to hear what level of safety buffer you’ve baked into this organic growth guide for the year. There was a bit of an overshoot this time last year. I appreciate that there’s 60% of the year already in the backlog, but I guess I’m surprised to see an 11% midpoint given the macro. So anything you can share in terms of overall confidence levels or safety buffer would be great and where that might reside be that on the top line assumptions or perhaps it’s more in the margin side, which collectively give you the right confidence levels for the earnings for the year.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, let me start by saying that the overarching driver is what we have in backlog, over $5 billion in backlog is unprecedented. And with continued strong order entry and with continued very low cancellation rates, that’s the primary story. Now in terms of the tone, I did mention during my prepared remarks that we feel like a conservative approach is appropriate. I’m not going to dimension that or quantify that, but that was a deliberate comment in the prepared remarks.
Phil Buller: Got it. Thanks. And just as a bit of a follow-up or a slight adjacency really is the company’s appetite for M&A at this point, be that large or small, I’m thinking more in the context of peers. We’ve now got Emerson, who are going to have a lot of firepower. Schneider, who are looking to acquire the rest of Aviva. So does M&A need to move higher on Rockwell’s agenda from a competitive dynamics standpoint? Or has your thinking evolved in terms of the need to participate more strongly in M&A? Thanks.
Blake Moret: Well, we’re very happy at the increased participation in M&A that we’ve demonstrated over the last few years and more importantly, the way that it’s helped add new value for customers as well as investors. And we’ll go into this in a little more detail in a couple of weeks at Investor Day. But first, looking at the strategic fit with some well-defined priorities that we’ve talked about and then the financial framework. We’re very happy with the way that our M&A that we’ve already completed, most recently with the CUBIC acquisition and that we have in the funnel will continue to strengthen us as a pure-play automation provider. It’s one of our strengths, and the market access that we have to provide new value from M&A immediately into all of the industry segments of discrete and hybrid and process is second to none. So I’m happy with the way that we’re positioned with M&A. We’re going to keep doing it. We have a strong balance sheet, and we’ve got a great track record of turning these acquisitions into real value.
Phil Buller: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We are out of time for questions today. I’d like to turn the call back over to Ms. Zellner for closing remarks.
Aijana Zellner: Thank you. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Aijana Zellner, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Zellner, please go ahead.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks Rex. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Aijana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I want to also take this opportunity to congratulate Aijana on her promotion since our last earnings call. Let's turn to our third quarter results on Slide 3. We had a strong quarter with orders, shipments, margin, and profit, all at or above our expectations. We successfully navigated supply chain disruptions in a still volatile environment. And we saw the positive impact of pricing actions that demonstrate our strong position in the market. Total orders grew over 17% versus prior year with strong demand in all three business segments. Our continued orders strength reflects the value our customers place on Rockwell's differentiated offerings and the increased need for automation solutions regardless of the current macroeconomic backdrop. Total revenue of almost $2 billion was up 6.5% year-over-year. Organic sales came in as expected and grew over 7% versus prior year. Acquisitions contributed 2.5 points of growth. Currency translation reduced sales by over 3% driven by continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. While we saw a gradual overall improvement in supply chain through the quarter, our sales volume and mix continue to be impacted by component shortages as we've been discussing for a while now. Our top line performance, both by segment and region was driven by specific component availability in Q3, more than the underlying demand, which remains strong. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales were up over 2% year-over-year, but below expectations. This segment was disproportionately impacted by component availability, further exacerbated by extended China COVID shutdowns. Software & Control organic sales growth of over 13% versus prior year was above expectations. A strong performance here reflects both an improvement in the chip supply and some early benefits from the recent resiliency investments. Sales of our View operator interface panels, which we redesigned to optimize our component supply, were up almost 60% year-over-year. Our software sales grew double-digits versus prior year. In Lifecycle Services, organic sales increased almost 9% versus the prior year, despite continued component shortages and a partial shutdown of our Shanghai facility earlier in the quarter. Within Lifecycle Services, Sensia had another quarter of strong growth with both orders and sales up over 20% year-over-year. Sales in our services business also grew double-digits driven by higher demand for asset management and cybersecurity. Lifecycle Services’ book-to-bill was 1.27 in the quarter, reflecting continued strength in our orders. Information Solutions & Connected Services, orders and sales both grew strong double-digits in the quarter with particular strength in the MES software and industrial cybersecurity sales. Within Information Solutions, we had a number of strategic wins this quarter, thanks to our industry leading portfolio of scalable and flexible software offerings. For instance, Eli Lilly and Company has chosen Rockwell Automation's PharmaSuite MES solution as the next-generation MES platform for their drug products. In addition to our on-prem software wins, we continue to gain traction with our recent cloud native acquisitions. One of our Plex wins this quarter was with ZEVx, an Arizona based company, focused on electrification of light and medium duty fleet vehicles worldwide. Our smart manufacturing platform will help this customer's aggressive growth plan with advanced supplier and inventory management, improved data visibility and reporting. We're also happy to report the sale of a Plex application that will run natively on Microsoft Azure in Europe, as well as a growing list of wins in food and beverage companies. These are important deal synergies that we are starting to realize. At Fiix, we continue to see strong double-digit sales growth led by both new logo wins and expansion deals. Our competitive maintenance management wins across many verticals, including EV and food and beverage reflect the platform's differentiated AI capabilities and ease of deployment. Connected Services’ orders and sales were also strong in the quarter, demonstrating customers increasing reliance on our deep domain expertise, cybersecurity services and 24/7 remote support, especially as many companies are struggling with labor shortages and temporary budget constraints. In the quarter, total ARR was up almost 60%, an organic ARR grew 18%. Our strong operating performance and focus on price cost execution resulted in exceptional earnings this quarter. With adjusted EPS growing 15% versus prior year. Let's now turn to Slide 4 to review key highlights of our Q3 end market performance. As I mentioned earlier, what we saw a gradual overall improvement in supply chain constraints this quarter, some of our businesses and industry verticals mainly discrete and the hardware intensive parts of hybrid were disproportionately impacted by the ongoing component supply issues. In our discrete industries, sales were up low single-digits. Within this industry segment, automotive sales were up 6% versus prior year. We continue to see investments in the EV transition from both traditional brand owners and EV startups with a healthy mix of greenfield and brownfield activities. In Q3, we had a strategic greenfield win in Asia, where a Chinese automotive company, Chery Auto chose Rockwell's differentiated MES IoT and core automation offerings over their traditional European supplier to build a smart plant and increase their speed to market. In addition to working with leading electric vehicle manufacturers, we continue to gain share in the EV battery space. With several competitive wins in the quarter, both in Asia and Europe, while most of our previous wins in this space were in battery assembly and conveyance. We're starting to expand our presence in battery cells. Rockwell's integrated logics and motion offering was selected by Doer Clean Technology Systems to provide an end to end coating process from powder handling and slurry mixing to coating and drying. Semiconductor sales decline 2% versus prior year and were significantly impacted by COVID-related shutdowns in China. Despite the near-term supply chain challenges impacting its own ecosystem this industry continues to see strong demand with about 80 greenfield and 300 brownfield projects announced today. In the e-commerce and warehouse automation, our sales were down over 15% in the quarter, mainly driven by electronic component shortages and tough prior year comps. While we are seeing a slowdown in investments from some e-commerce customers, we continue to work with traditional retailers and grocers who are investing in new automated infrastructure to gain share in the market. Turning to our Hybrid Industry segment. Sales in this segment grew mid single digits led by growth in life sciences and food and beverage. Food and beverage sales were up mid single digits versus prior year, while inflation might put some pressure on new expansion investments, we continue to expect, especially strong demand in certain markets like agriculture processing, where Rockwell has high share and a differentiated technology offering. We saw a number of CapEx wins in Latin America this quarter with one of our food and beverage wins coming from CP Kelco a Brazilian nature-based ingredients manufacturer, which chose Rockwell and our plant PlantPAx process control architecture as their automation partner for the next capacity expansion project. Life sciences sales grew over 15% in Q3 with strong year-over-year growth in medical devices, pharma and biotech. This was another industry where our differentiated process controller along with strong network infrastructure and overall project management expertise helped us win a competitive project with Thermo Fisher in their joint venture plant in China. A combination of industry leading MES and IoT software and the multidiscipline logics platform for hybrid applications along with our increasing expertise in biotech and cell gene therapies position us well in this fast growing vertical. Tire was up low single digits in the quarter, we continued to see increased customer demand for our software and services in this vertical. In the quarter, we had our first Plex win in tire with Prometeon Tyre Group, a global leader in tire manufacturing, headquartered in Italy. The customer chose our Plex QMS to standardize quality management across its global operations. Moving to process. This industry segment group 12% versus prior year with oil and gas, mining and metals all growing double digits. We continue to grow our presence in process by displacing the traditional DCS players across oil and gas, mining and chemical industries. Our investments in process control technology and petrochemical expertise are paying off as demonstrated by our recent wins in North America and Europe. We also had a strategic multimillion dollar ESG win where Rockwell will be helping one of the most active operators in the Permian Basin, reduce its greenhouse gas emissions and bring all operated oil and gas assets to net zero by 2050. Turning now to Slide 5 in our Q3 organic regional sales performance. Once again, these results were heavily impacted by our component availability. North America organic sales grew by 11% versus the prior year, Latin America sales increased by over 15%, EMEA sales were up over 3% and Asia Pacific was down almost 6%. Let's move to Slide 6, an update to a new slide we had provided last quarter. As you can see, order cancellations remained very low and are within our historical ranges. Our strong orders and record backlog of over $5 billion, continue to support strong sales in fiscal year 2022 and beyond. As we turn to Slide 7 let's review highlights for the full year outlook. Orders are expected to stay strong for the remainder of this fiscal year. While we continue to expect strong double digit year-over-year and sequential organic sales growth in Q4, resulting in double digit growth for the full year, we're reducing the midpoint of our organic growth range to 11%. Our revised guidance reflects ongoing supply chain volatility in this environment, especially for business operations and suppliers located in Asia. The supply of electronic components is gradually improving, but remains volatile. Acquisitions are expected to contribute 2.5 points of profitable growth, more than offsetting a 2 point headwind from currency translation. We continue to expect double digit growth in both core automation as well as information solutions and connected services. We continue to expect another year of double digit annual recurring revenue growth. Our organic investments and acquisitions help make this revenue stream become a more meaningful contributor to our overall business resilience. Our additional investments in resiliency actions are progressing well as we develop deeper relationships with key suppliers, complete redesign projects and realize price to mitigate inflation. We expect our margins to expand in Q4 on higher sales and continued price cost execution. With only one more quarter to go, we have narrowed our adjusted EPS guidance range with our midpoint still at $9.50. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 85% for the full year. Nick will now add detail to our Q3 results and financial outlook for fiscal 2022. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I'll start on Slide 9, third quarter key financial information. Third quarter reported sales were up 6.5% over last year with organic sales up 7.1% and acquisitions adding another 2.5 points to total growth. Foreign currency translation reduced sales by 3.1%, while the U.S. dollar has strengthened against many currencies, the strength against the euro has had the largest impact on Rockwell in the quarter. We saw our organic sales improve through the quarter, helped by some easing of supply chain constraints following the listing of COVID restrictions in China. Segment operating margin was 20.8%, an increase of 90 basis points versus last year, mostly due to higher sales and lower incentive compensation, partially offset by higher investment spend. Last quarter, we shared our expectation that price cost would improve significantly in Q3. And that is exactly what happened. Price in the quarter more than offset our year-over-year increases in input costs. Our adjusted EPS in the quarter was $2.66, up 15% from the prior year. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter was 14.5% and in line with the prior year. This was better than our expectations due to a favorable return to provision true up. Free cash flow dollar generation was $327 million in the quarter and down compared to the prior year due to higher working capital primarily in receivables. We saw a higher percentage of our sales in June than in the prior year and our free cash flow conversion exceeded 100% in the quarter, despite our increases in working capital. One additional item not shown on the slide. We repurchased 860,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $176 million. On June 30, $1.3 billion remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. We had a good quarter with organic sales up in all three business segments both year-over-year and sequentially. Improving sales in our strong operating execution resulted in sequential margin growth of over 500 basis points. Intelligent Devices organic sales were up 2.7% in Q3. This segment had the largest negative impact in the quarter from component availability and extended shutdowns in China. Compared to last year, Intelligent Devices margins declined 220 basis points to 19.7% primarily driven by higher investment spend. Year-over-year price increases were able to neutralize the impact of higher input costs. Margin in this segment improves sequentially by 510 basis points driven by positive price costs and higher volume. Software & Control total sales were up 19%, including 13.4% organic growth versus the prior year. Strong sales were driven by improved chip supply and benefited from resiliency actions taken earlier in the year. Segment margins were up 620 basis points compared to last year and up 680 basis points sequentially, mostly due to higher sales. Price cost was positive year-over-year and sequentially. Lifecycle Services organic sales grew 8.7% led by strong double-digit growth in Sensia. Demand continues to remain strong across all businesses. Book-to-bill was 1.27 for Q3. Segment margin declined 90 basis points compared to the prior year driven by supply chain constraints and higher investment spend, partially offset by higher sales and lower incentive compensation. Segment margin was up against sequentially on higher sales. With gradual improvement in the supply chain, we expect the trend of sequential margin expansion to continue in the coming quarters. The next Slide 11 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q3 fiscal 2021 to Q3 fiscal 2022. Starting on the left. Core performance was up about $0.15, including about $0.25 from higher sales. Price cost contributed $0.05. Strong execution led to about $0.10 of productivity. We saw some favorable corporate items about half of which were due to timing between Q3 and Q4. We also continue to invest in growth and resiliency, which offset the core growth by $0.35. In the prior year, we made about $0.10 of non-recurring accelerated investments that mostly impacted our Software & Control business. Currency negatively impacted our earnings by about $0.10. On a year-over-year basis, incentive compensation was about a $0.20 tailwind. This brings us to our total adjusted EPS of $2.66. Let’s move to the next Slide 12, our guidance for fiscal 2022. We are updating our sales guidance to a new range of approximately $7.7 billion to $7.9 billion in fiscal 2022, up 10.5% to 12.5% for the year. We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of 10% to 12%. And we expect about 2.5 points of growth coming from acquisitions and currency translation will be a headwind of about two points. Our sales guidance range reflects the continued volatility we see in the supply chain. The midpoint of our guidance implies a 9% sequential increase in Q4 total sales driven by improved material flow from key suppliers including those in China, further sequential improvement from resiliency actions and higher sequential price realization. We continue to expect full year segment operating margins to be about 20% and unchanged from our prior guide. We expect our margins to continue to expand in the fourth quarter. The margin expansion will come primarily from higher sequential sales and continued positive momentum on price costs. While price costs will be negative for the full year, it is positive in the second half. We now expect second half core conversion above 40%. We expect a full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 16.5%. And we are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance range to $9.30 to $9.70 with no change to our midpoint of $9.50 from prior guidance. Finally, we continue to expect full year fiscal 2022 free cash flow conversion of about 85% of adjusted income. A few additional comments on fiscal 2022 guidance. Corporate and other expense is now projected to be around $110 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2022 is now expected to be about $120 million. We’re assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 116.7 million shares. Finally on capital deployment, our capital allocation priorities for this year remain the same, including our focus on de-leveraging. As I mentioned earlier, we repurchased about $176 million worth of shares in Q3 and are now projecting our full year share repurchases to be about $300 million. Turning now to Page 13. While there is no change to the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance, we wanted to show some of the moving pieces within this number, starting on the left. There is a lower contribution due to the lower organic sales guidance. This is fully offset by improved productivity, favorable segment mix and lower corporate expenses. Currency is an additional headwind of about $0.05. A more favorable tax rate adds $0.05, which brings us to our midpoints of $9.50. Although not on this page, we continue to expect our acquisitions including Plex to be about neutral this year, including incremental interest expense or a year-over-year benefit of about $0.15. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A. Blake?
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. We had a good quarter of growth, price realization, profitability, and investment for the future. We are executing well, and I’m proud of how our teams are managing supply chain complexity to serve the needs of our customers. In volatile times, a relentless focus on helping customers creates long-term differentiation and value. Aijana, we will now begin the Q&A session.
Aijana Zellner: We would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Rex, let’s take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis. [Melius Research] Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys. Good morning, Aijana.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Aijana Zellner: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Little bit different tone this quarter than last quarter, and that’s nice to see it bounce back. But this may be a little hard to answer. But you have an order book that’s up about 17%. How much of that and you don’t have to give me an exact number, but is price because I know you had some pretty big price increases that were announced, is it order magnitude is half of that order book price? Is it – is there some way to kind of size that?
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Scott. For the full – for the third quarter, we had about 3.5% price growth for the total company. That’s about half of our total organic growth. I think that’s a pretty fair estimate to apply to our order growth as well. That 3.5% is about – of that 17% order growth, 3.5% of that is coming from price.
Scott Davis: Yes. Wow. So. Yes. Okay. Sorry, Blake.
Blake Moret: Yes, Scott, I was just going to add. When we talk about orders, just to give some scale to the magnitude of the orders, they remain around 45% above pre pandemic levels. So in addition to the very large existing backlog, we’re continuing to add that at a rate above our expectations.
Scott Davis: No, that’s good to hear. And then you gave the example that cherry when example Blake, which I thought was interesting. Can – is a deal like that priced in U.S. dollars. Is it priced in local currency? I mean, how do you kind of compete against a suite of competitors that have such a big currency advantage if [indiscernible].
Blake Moret: Hey Scott. Most of our transactions in a country like China are priced in the local currency and that’s generally the way we do business. When there start to be large movements in FX, like what we’re seeing there that becomes part of our pricing strategy. We have hedges in place to protect us, protect earnings in the short term. And in the longer term, then pricing becomes part of that strategy of how we’ll adjust pricing in the local currency to be offsetting what we’re seeing in terms of FX movements.
Scott Davis: Really helpful. All right, I’ll pass it on. Good luck. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski. [Morgan Stanley] Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, team.
Blake Moret: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just Software & Control, pretty solid quarter there. I guess, that division has been a little bit less impacted by supply chain versus Intelligent Devices. But I guess if I think back to kind of other periods of macro volatility, it just seems to do this every now and then where you’ll have a pretty decently big quarter on margins and the revenue. Anything lumpy in terms of shipments or availability pull forward, like you guys had earlier in the year, anything that could sort of give us a direction on timeline would be helpful?
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, Josh, first of all limited pull through or pull forward in that. We’re still looking at large year-over-year and sequential growth in Q4. I think you can think of this, the hardware portion of Software & Control as having less SKUs than Intelligent Devices. And the chip availability was relatively higher for Software & Control being able to ship logics, compact logics and the associated IO. So in the quarter it was less impacted. And again, with the kind of backlog that we have in the continuing orders, we can ship as much as we have components for across all of the business segments, and we expect that to be the case for quarters to come.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just quick follow-up on the orders, anything that you can kind of break down further in there, whether it’s any currency headwinds, I noticed not a cancellations, but any kind of change in that growth. So have cancellation stepped up and project size like are those getting bigger or smaller? Thanks.
Nick Gangestad: Josh, we have been seeing over time the size of our orders getting larger and that trend continues. But in terms of the specifics of your question, there’s really nothing significant to call out. Everything is tracking very similar to what we’ve seen in the past. As Blake mentioned in our prepared comments, orders are coming in even stronger than what we had anticipated for the quarter.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And the FX piece is that did that move around well? [Ph]
Nick Gangestad: FX is one of the things can impacting our orders within Europe, but – and that’s included in what we’re seeing for that. So seeing the Euro devalue about 10% and that’s part of what we’re seeing in the order in the total global orders that we reported in Q3.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Super helpful. Appreciate it. Best of luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell. [Barclays] Your line is open.
Aijana Zellner: Rex, let’s move on to the next one.
Operator: Excellent. Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz. [Citigroup] Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Andy.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, can you elaborate on your comments regarding and improving supply chain? Did you see continued improvement in component availability throughout the quarter and through July here? And I know you mentioned chip starting to get better. Maybe give us a little more color around that. Do you have visibility toward more normalized growth, less pressure by supply chain as you go into FY 2023?
Blake Moret: So, Andy look, we continue to see chip constraints being a factor for the near term. We did see improvement through the quarter as you’ll recall, we saw the more severe wave of COVID shutdowns in China in April and May. And we were able to largely recover from that as chips began flowing a little bit more strongly in the back half of the quarter. And we continued to see gradual improvement in Q4 and into our fiscal year 2023. But it remains a volatile situation. You can’t count the chips until they show up on your receiving doc. But we do see a gradual improvement that continues into the early part of Q4.
Andy Kaplowitz: And thanks for that Blake. And then Blake or Nick, I know you don’t want to talk too much about 2023, but when you think about incremental margin, obviously it’s picked up here in the second half, as you said, Nick. As you look at next year, maybe talk about the puts and takes you remind us about investments spend and incentive comp as we were in the second half at this point. And then, obviously growth is picking up. Usually you guys are 30% to 35%, but if growth is a bit higher, could you do higher incremental margins given the easy comps at least in the first half of the year?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. So some of the puts and takes to be thinking about that we’re thinking about for fiscal year 2023. As Blake just said, supply chain component availability that’s going to continue to be probably our most important factor in particular around growth. Some of the things that will be impacting our margin and what we’re thinking about now is aspects like price cost, where as I’ve said earlier, that was negative in the first half of the year, shifting to positive in the second half, we expect that to continue to be positive for us. Issues like inflation, issues like FX and what that can be doing to our profit and margin. The level of investment spend another factor we’re thinking about. We also have a number of new product launches and how that will be impacting us in fiscal year 2023. So all of those things in comp, oh, the other one, we – right now, we are paying a bonus this year that is below our normal planned level. We would expect that to go back to the planned level in fiscal year 2023, all of those things in combination, we think the – our financial framework around core conversion of 30% to 35% remains a good starting point to think about 2023 and profit and margin expansion for us.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that, Nick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell. [Barclays]. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much and good morning. Maybe Nick, I know there was an effort there to talk about next year’s sort of EBIT bridge moving parts. But if we just focus on Slide 4, sorry, Slide 11 and you look at those main points around price cost, investment spend, productivity and incentive comp, maybe those items in particular, when we’re thinking about the fourth quarter and the year-on-year impact, anything major to call out versus what you just saw in the third quarter? I’m assuming price cost is a bigger tailwind than that $0.05 figure. But anything perhaps to mention on investment spend or productivity or the incentive comp for Q4?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. In Q4, a couple things that are changing. I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, corporate items, while it’s a benefit for Q3. We expect some of that is timing and we’ll come back in Q4 that will flip from being a benefit to a headwind in Q4 versus what we were originally estimating price costs, as you estimated will continue to improve for us. Volume will continue to be a positive as we're expecting even higher volume growth in Q4 then in Q3. And then overall investment spend, we expect that to be pretty flat between Q3 and Q4, not really a big change happening there. And we do expect productivity to continue to be a benefit to us in Q4 as well.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you, Nick. And then maybe sort of a broader question, the Software & Control operating margins very volatile, particularly from the outside and maybe the inside as well. Quite hard to predict on a sort of three to six month view. It looks like for the sort of in fiscal half overall, you have a low 30s sort of Software & Control operating margin. Is that a reasonable sort of run rate looking into 2023 and the medium term, or are there any sort of exceptional mix tailwinds or something that you'd call out that are bolstering that Software & Control margin right now?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, so a few things to keep in mind when you're looking at the margins that we've been experiencing and experiencing right now. The higher margin that we had in Q3 are higher sales volume was by far the driving factor on that. In the first half of the year, it was being negatively impacted by a lower volume growth. It was also being impacted by negative price cost, which is now flipping to positive. We also, in the first half of the year, where we had the lion's share of our Plex integration expenses. And while we're still investing there, that's going to be at a lower level. So the 30 plus percent that we're experiencing, I don't see that as something being off track of what to be expecting going forward from Software & Control.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye [Oppenheimer & Company]. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the question. Blake, obviously looks like we're going to have elevated backlogs here for a period of time, given the continuing order strength but you mentioned e-commerce as one area starting to slow down, any other pockets where you're starting to see some softening, I know, possibly in the longer cycle type parts of the business. It can all be green lights at this point. So, curious for where you think we may see some softness as we head into 2023 in the order environment and where you think you've got some cushion there in terms of the mix of products and services you're offering.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Noah. I think e-commerce in particular has been the outlier that we've seen so far in that they've taken a pause and in some of the expansion. Within that vertical, we also talk about warehouse automation outside of e-commerce. And they're continuing to look at productivity opportunities with in some cases, reducing labor requirements, more efficient handling of product at the front end and of their process and of their stores. So that continues to be pretty strong with some nice, recent wins there. I would say in general, the closer to the consumer that you are, those would be the areas that we're probably watching the most closely. We do continue to see strong industrial production figures. And as you know, over a long period of time, IP is what Rockwell's performance – top line performance is most correlated to. And we still see a positive IP number in our served markets, especially in the U.S. So EV continues strong. We've talked before that. It's hard to imagine that either the established brand owners or the startups are going to take a pause in trying to convert their fleet capacity to EV, they're going to have to continue because they got fear of missing out and being able to get in early to get some experience and to get some volume there. Semiconductor, we see a lot of in-process activity, regardless of what happens from a legislative standpoint, pharmaceutical, food and beverage. It's just hard to bet, too much against these verticals but again, e-commerce, so we have seen some softening and in general, the closer to the consumer, you are, maybe recreational vehicles but that's obviously, it's not a big part of our overall auto number there.
Noah Kaye: Yes. And maybe just to follow up on this, I don't know if the current environment affects how customers think about on-prem versus cloud native, but what are you seeing in terms of customer preferences. Does this environment create a little bit more momentum for cloud native? And are you seeing kind of relatively stronger orders trends on some of your cloud native offerings and talk about that kind of balance configurations?
Blake Moret: Sure. No, it's a good question. I mean, some of the advantages of a cloud native deployment is that you don't have to continue to invest or to create a large IT on-prem infrastructure to either acquire the assets, the servers and such and the IT staff. You can deploy a cloud native solution much quicker and that's why offerings like Plex and Fiix have been so popular among small and medium sized businesses that just don't have that money to invest in those areas. And they want to get up and running quick, they're on a kind of a quicker time constant there. And some of the bigger companies are taking that play and looking at how they can apply that as well. And I think that's part of the reason that we're seeing Plex win in some of the verticals that were part of the synergy that we had baked into the model where we see food and beverage, tire, these are new verticals that they just didn't have the resources to address. And we're seeing some wins there. And similarly with Fiix, some of the wins that we've seen in Asia, in India, for instance I think are part of that where customers want it now, and they don't want to have to wait to build all the infrastructure. So it's part of the reason that we have a parallel offering. We have a really strong on-prem offering with our production center based MES that continues to grow well. And then Plex and Fiix are doing what we expected them to do for us.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thanks for the color, Blake. Appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa [J.P. Morgan]. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, Steve.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So what are you guys seeing in the process industries just as a start or orders there seem to be holding up pretty well.
Blake Moret: Yes. Orders are going quite well in process and I would say, orders and shipments for that matter. If you notice that we gave a little bit more in the way of customer wins this quarter, that wasn't a coincidence. I have seen the number of bigger wins tick up a bit in process. And I think some of the investments that we've made over the last really five or six years beginning with MAVERICK in expertise, obviously the joint venture was Schlumberger, Sensia, Kalypso, that expertise along with the steady drumbeat of new technology introductions are helping increase the win rate. And as Nick mentioned, increasing the order size, from a macro standpoint, oil and gas spending, particularly in areas of efficiency, which is really where we're centered even more than the CapEx side of things is helpful. But chemical had, I think, their best quarter ever for us, metals still a very big automation market, mining out there. I don't think mining has hit its full stride, but we are seeing activity particularly in battery materials. So a lot of wins in lithium over the recent past.
Steve Tusa: Just to follow up on the – I guess, the S&C margin and then the cash flow. Nick, what do you think is kind of your long-term cash conversion? I mean, this year 85% is a little low relative to history. It actually, I mean, your fourth quarter looks like a pretty big step up to get to that number to begin with, but even putting that aside, maybe you could just comment on that. What – how much confidence you guys have in that fourth quarter ramp, because it's a big number, but then beyond that, what is the normal cash conversion. And does that lower cash conversion have anything to do with the growing software revenue that may be a little more lumpy versus the actual cash?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, thanks for that question, Steve. On the cash flow conversion side, 100% is our – what I consider our normal run rate. In fiscal year 2022, we are seeing noticeable increases in our working capital, some of the supply chain constraints that we're seeing. We see places where we've been building inventory. And so the biggest constraint on that's causing our free cash flow projection for the full year to be 85% is working capital. I don't think that's a permanent thing. I think that we will start to see some normalcy. In fact, we expect our working capital to be in total dollars to be coming down in the fourth quarter. And that's why we're expecting a pretty noticeable free cash flow generation in Q4 to benefit, it'll be benefited by higher profits in Q4, but even higher conversion as we bring down some of those working capital balances. It won't get to normal in 2022, but in 2023 and 2024, we see our working capital, the types of turns we have getting back closer to our normal range, which is why I say 100% is about right. You mentioned a little at the beginning on Software & Control margin. Is there something in particular you wanted to talk about on that, Steve?
Steve Tusa: Yes. I hopped on a little late, but the margin there was obviously very strong. Is there something – what was driving that outside of maybe just the – was it just the devices within that business, the price cost there? Or is there something else going on with the more software oriented revenue streams?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. First of all, it’s not being negatively impacted by software. That’s a nice growing part of the total software. Portfolio part of that business is portfolio. The three big things that were driving up the margin this quarter, one is the higher sales. This is a business that – as our sales go up, we clearly see the margin benefit impacting that. We were also benefited by price cost, looking from negative in the first half of the year to being positive in the third quarter, it will become even more positive in the fourth quarter. And then finally, you maybe missed me say that earlier, earlier we were investing more in our Plex integration and while we’re still investing the level of investment in Plex integration is as planned coming down. And that’s another thing that’s helping our margin go up in software and control.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from a line of Andrew Obin [Bank of America]. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Hi. Yes. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey Andrew.
Nick Gangestad: Hi, Andrew.
Aijana Zellner: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Just a question in terms of, as we think about supply chain for chips. As far as you can tell, where are we in terms of adding capacity for what you need, right? Because based on talking to chip brokers, sort of lower end stuff that industrials use are still in very short supply. And my understanding is that the big hope is capacity additions in North America. At the same time, we’re hearing that not only you guys can get chips, but guys like Lam Research can get chips to provide the equipment. So where are we in terms of the scope and timing of capacity additions in North America over the next 12 to 18 months that would be relevant for Rockwell? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Yes, it’s a good question, Andrew. And it supports the thesis of gradually improving supply. So obviously it’s important for us to continue to deepen relationships with our existing suppliers. And the ones that are going to be most important to us, going forward are ones for whom industrial is an important part of their business models. And as we talk to them specifically about the process nodes and the increased supply, that’s going to be important to us, we see some of that capacity starting to come online at the end of this calendar year. So TI has a couple of plants coming online, analog devices, Intel with their Tower acquisition recently and some of their new investments. So we look closely at the new capacity and while a lot of it is in the leading edge notes for handsets and communications and so on for the suppliers that are most important to us, they are making investments in the fabs that are going to produce the wafers that ultimately result in the chips that are most important to us. So when we go through our analysis product by product and chip by chip within those products, we look at are we getting increased allocation, are redesign efforts going to have an impact such as with the view terminals that I’ve talked about for the last couple of quarters. And we have some more of those projects that are coming to fruition here in the next few months and then the capacity additions that are coming from either our existing suppliers or in some cases, new suppliers that we’re adding to the list of qualified vendors there.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. And just a follow up question also to keep on chips. There is a lot of news on incremental semiconductor capacity coming into the U.S., specifically I think Samsung has filed with the state of Texas. And the spending seems to be very, very material. I think $200 billion is what the number is used. The pushback we get on this thesis that this is important for you guys is that historically, semiconductor end market just doesn’t represent a large vertical for you. Yet the spending number seems to be very material, right, very material impact on overall CapEx in the U.S. How should we think about opportunity in semiconductors for Rockwell? And are you having conversations with the folks who are in the news that would be material to your numbers over the next year or two? Thanks.
Blake Moret: Yes. I would characterize the opportunity as growing both in terms of the base of total announced CapEx as well as our ability to serve. So traditionally the majority of our business in semiconductors has been the facilities management control systems, the FMCS systems, which are controlling the temperature and the cleanliness and the humidity of the air in the environment, particularly in clean rooms. And we’ve always had some capability in that space, turns out that Maverick is really good at that as well. And so we considerably increased our expertise in that area. There are drives that go into those air handling systems, and we’re beginning to win a larger proportion of the drives in addition to the software and the engineering in those FMCS systems. And those are multimillion dollar systems. We’re one few of those here recently that are noteworthy. Independent cart for material handling is also a technology that we didn’t traditionally have. And as that technology gets qualified for clean room environments, we’re seeing increased opportunities there. Cyber security, so obviously these fabs are very concerned about being resilient in that dimension as well. And we’ve got the best offering to go in on the production floor. So we’re seeing a lot of meaningful wins in cyber security as well. So those are just a few of the areas that we’re providing value, not only for the direct fabs themselves, but also for the capital equipment suppliers, which remain good customers of ours.
Andrew Obin: And as more incremental capacity sort of shifts to North America versus what we’ve seen Asia, does it create opportunities and adjacencies longer-term that have not been present just to grow organically or through M&A?
Blake Moret: Yes, for sure, because you’ve got ecosystems. It’s one thing to announce a fab and for Intel or TI or Micron or Samsung to build their facility, but they need a village, right? They need an ecosystem in each of these areas for the chemicals that are need, the substrates, the lead frames, all of those things. And those are all opportunities for us, particularly in the U.S., where we have overwhelmingly the strongest support and installed base.
Andrew Obin: Very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Rob Mason. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Good morning. I had a question about the order pace. And what we’ve been seeing there it sounds like, orders will still stay solid in the fourth quarter, maybe up a little bit. Previously Blake you talked about some order pull forwards – pull ahead, I’m just curious how that dynamic is continuing to play out in the order rate if you’re still seeing that if it’s backed off. You talked about larger order sizes, whether that plays into that dynamic that you spoke to.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think there’s still – some of what we’ve talked about in the past where, because the lead times are still long, they’re longer than we or our customers would like. People are placing orders to cover that spread between now and when they actually expect to get the materials. And we see that most market with the machinery builders, they have a certain amount of machines and in the past they might have only placed orders to cover X months of those bookings that they have in their backlog and their needs for our automation equipment. And they may have doubled that at this point to be able to cover that. But that’s the machine builders. And I think while we continue to see some of that, we hope to see over the coming quarters, those lead times pull in and we’ve seen some green shoots where we’ve seen some improvements in the lead times. In fact, we’ve won some competitive business because we could deliver faster than competitors in certain areas. And as we see those lead times reduce naturally, we’ll see the orders from some of those machine builders, for instance, reduce a bit. They also have big backlogs. And so, they’re looking to get that material. But as shown by those continued low cancellation rates and as I mentioned earlier, these customers want the equipment they need it. And I can tell you from the conversations that we continue to have with the leadership of our customers, they continue to want that material just as fast as they can. So that would be, I’d say the most tangible element of pull forward. But we don’t see people placing orders in the last quarter, the current quarter to avoid price increases and things like that. So I would say our order development continues to be healthy.
Unidentified Analyst: Very good. Just one quick follow up for Nick, just around price cost. It sounds like we’ll continue to get some incremental benefit in the fourth quarter. Is there a way to think about the year-over-year benefit? Do we top out in the fourth quarter and start to moderate as we go into 2023? Or are you still expecting that year-over-year benefit to rise as you go into 2023?
Nick Gangestad: So the fourth quarter will be the highest benefit of all the quarters, Rob. Well, I’m not guiding for 2023 yet. The first half of 2023 will be getting the benefit of the fact that we don’t anticipate it to be negative as it was in the first half of 2022. So just the absence of that negative, we think creates some year-on-year benefit in the first half of fiscal year 2023. I’m not yet guiding for the full year of 2023, what we’re expecting for the net price cost.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ms. Zellner, I turn the call back over to you.
Aijana Zellner: Thanks, Rex. Okay. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks Rob. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts included in our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Additional information and news about our company can also be found on Rockwell's Investor Relations Twitter feed using the handles @investorsrok, that's @investorsrok. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake. 
Blake Moret: Thanks Jessica and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before providing detail on second quarter results, which were below our expectations, I want to provide general comments on the business environment. Through the first half of our fiscal ,year two themes stand out. The first is broad-based demand growth across industries, geographies, and offerings. Substantial backlog in all three business segments, low cancellation rates, and detailed component supply forecasts give us confidence that we will achieve double-digit revenue growth this fiscal year and reach $9 billion of profitable sales in the next couple of years. The second theme is persistent supply chain constraints and associated cost inflation, which put particular pressure on Q2 sales and earnings. Since our last earnings release in January, we've seen supplier push outs and de-commits for electronic component shipments, the impact of unexpected COVID-related shutdowns in China, and Russia started war in Ukraine. These have had an impact on our results and guidance. So, let's get into the detail on our quarter, the outlook, and what we are doing to maximize Rockwell's business performance and long-term value. Our second quarter results are summarized on slide three. Total orders grew by 37% ,once again reflecting very strong demand across our portfolio of core automation and digital transformation solutions. Total revenue grew 2% year-over-year in the quarter. Organic sales grew a little over 1% versus prior year, worse than our expectations due to the supply chain challenges. Through six months Rockwell's organic topline has grown 9% year-over-year. Orders momentum was broad-based across all three business segments. However, product shipments and solutions with significant hardware content were limited by multiple component shortages. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales declined 3% versus prior year, a sharp reversal from the 25% growth in the first quarter, reflecting volatile components supply. Within this segment's motion business, sales of our Independent Cart Technology grew strong double digits and our orders more than doubled from a year ago. Software & Control organic sales grew a little less than 1%, also reflecting component shortages. We continue to see strong order growth in this business led by logic and visualization. In Lifecycle Services, organic sales increased 11% versus the prior year, led by 24% growth at Sensia. Demand is broadly increasing in Lifecycle Services as demonstrated by a 1.34 book-to-bill. Information Solutions & Connected Services grew strong double digits in both orders and revenue. Industrial cybersecurity demand was strong in the quarter with orders up 90% year-over-year, as customers in life sciences, food and beverage, mining and many other end markets are increasingly relying on us to provide the robust network technology and real-time domain expertise to keep their critical operations secure and resilient. In the quarter, one of our Plex wins was with Reautomotive, an automotive technology company and EV platform maker headquartered in the EMEA region, where our cloud-native smart manufacturing platform will enable the state-of-the-art plan with real-time production monitoring, inventory and quality management, creating an agile manufacturing system needed for customized electric vehicles. You will recall that globalizing market access for Plex' software was an important synergy to be realized through this deal. Last month, Plex also became available on Microsoft's Azure Cloud in Europe and we're partnering with Microsoft to promote this new capability. At Fiix, we had another great quarter with ARR growing over 40%. We continue to win new logos including our first wins in Asia. Our partnership with PTC continues to grow and in the quarter, we booked software subscriptions for digital performance management based on ThingWorx. This new solution helps identify prioritize and act on debottlenecking opportunities that have the greatest potential P&L impact in manufacturing sites. We combine great technology and domain expertise to create a very strong value proposition for our customers. In the quarter, organic ARR grew by 17%. Let's turn to slide 4. Our usual Q2 end market performance slide is in the appendix. It's important to understand that this quarter, sales growth have declined in specific industry verticals is primarily based on the particular products being shipped into these verticals and the degree they were impacted by component shortages rather than underlying demand. Working left to right on the slide, auto and e-commerce, two very important verticals we serve within our discrete industry segment were down in the quarter with the resulting single-digit decline for the discrete segment. The majority of sales to these verticals are in products, which were heavily impacted by component shortages that impacted our ability to ship to these customers. In contrast, orders for auto and e-commerce remain very strong. We continue to see large competitive wins with our Independent Cart Technology for motion control and battery applications. And about a third of our total auto business is expected to be for electric vehicle applications in the full year. We also had an important sustainability win this quarter at Electra Battery Materials, a leading provider of low-carbon and sustainable metals to the EV automotive sector. Rockwell was chosen to provide a turnkey solution for North America's first integrated and environmentally sustainable battery materials plant. In e-commerce and warehouse automation, we continue to win expansion projects with our flexible material handling technology and digital twin software. And in semiconductor our offerings can be found in chip making machinery, material handling equipment and building management systems at the largest semiconductor and semiconductor capital equipment companies in the world. It is clear we are playing a critical role in this industry's plans for multibillion dollar capacity expansion. We continue to see strong broad-based demand in food and beverage with particular focus on digital transformation projects. Life sciences sales were up double digits as two-thirds of our life sciences business is in software, solutions and services that are less dependent on electronic components. Oil and gas sales were up double digits led by improving trends in upstream and midstream. Our Sensia joint venture had strong orders and ships in the quarter and is expected to grow strong double digits for the year. In summary, multi-year capital investments across many end markets coupled with higher automation and digital transformation intensity have created high backlog and a continuing strong order funnel to support growth in each industry segment we serve. Turning now to Slide 5 and our Q2 organic regional sales performance. North America organic sales declined by about 3% versus the prior year due to the higher mix of Intelligent Devices in this region. The Intelligent Devices segment was more heavily impacted by component shortages this quarter. We continue to expect more balanced sales growth across regions for the full year and expect North America to be the fastest-growing region in fiscal 2022. Latin America sales were up 13%. EMEA sales increased 6% and Asia Pacific grew 9% due in part to the higher solutions content in this region. In China, we saw high single-digit growth driven by strength in mass transit, life sciences, tire and oil and gas. Let's turn to Slide 6, which is a new slide we thought would be helpful this quarter. The high backlog, we've been building over the last few quarters and continued low cancellation rates, set the stage for strong revenue growth in the second half of fiscal 2022 and beyond. We do expect lead times and backlog to stabilize over the next year. And at that point, orders and shipment levels will begin to converge, which is a good thing. In the near term, the primary limiting factor to growth is component availability. So as we turn to Slide 7, let's go a bit deeper into some of the actions we are taking to improve semiconductor, chip availability and our overall resiliency. We expect component shipments to increase in the coming quarters due to several factors. The first is improved material flow from key suppliers over the next couple of quarters. Where we are seeing improved flow from existing suppliers, several factors are contributing, such as the addition of incremental capacity, improved allocation percentages, opportunistic broker buys and some of these suppliers recovery from discrete events like fires and floods. We have also reengineered certain products to utilize components with better supply resiliency. For example, the new series of PanelView operator interface has enabled us to double the shipment quantity in the last two months. We have significantly accelerated our manufacturing capacity investments in our Twinsburg and Singapore facilities over the last year which will benefit production and resiliency in the second half of fiscal 2022. We continue to qualify new and additional semiconductor chip vendors, to create redundant sources for individual components and to diversify our supplier base and we expect to see the benefit in fiscal Q4. We continue to invest in diversifying our portfolio and see continued double-digit growth in our Information Solutions & Connected Services, which are less dependent on hardware supply chains. Price is also a meaningful contributor to our growth and our resiliency in mitigating inflation. We have very strong pricing power in the market, thanks to our highly differentiated offerings. We're seeing good price realization as annual customer agreements renew and we are taking action to get quicker realization of future price increases. In the last year, we have announced several price increases totaling 17%, materially benefiting the latter portion of this fiscal year and even more so in fiscal 2023. However, as you know there are risks that cannot yet be accurately quantified, which is one of the reasons, we have widened our range for growth expectations for the full year. These risks include the duration and potential escalation of the war in Ukraine. We have suspended the small amount of business we do in Russia and Belarus, less than half of 1% of total sales. We are seeing logistics cost increases due to higher energy costs as well as constrained and lengthened air freight lanes. Another source of risk is, the widespread shutdown of businesses in China due to COVID infection outbreaks. Our plants have partially reopened due to the critical role our products and services play in industries such as semiconductor, but the bigger risk is from upstream suppliers with operations in the area. We have built in some risk for China shutdowns, but it is difficult to quantify this risk in the next two quarters. Let's now turn to Slide 8, to review highlights for the full year outlook. Orders for the year are expected to approach $10 billion. At some point, we expect orders to moderate as lead times for our products return to more normal levels. However, orders are expected to remain well above pre-pandemic levels given the amount of capital projects underway in industries we serve. We continue to expect double-digit reported sales growth, but we've reduced the midpoint and widened the range in part given the volatility of component supply that we saw in the second quarter. April component supply and total sales are tracking well with our forecast. Acquisitions are expected to do well and contribute over two points of profitable growth. We continue to expect double-digit growth in both core automation as well as Information Solutions & Connected Services. We continue to expect another year of double-digit annual recurring revenue growth, which makes up over 8% of our total revenue. I'm pleased with the impact of both acquisitions and organic investments are having in these new lines of business. We have reduced our margin expectation and adjusted EPS target range for the year. The midpoint of the adjusted EPS range represents one point of increase over the prior year and a 13% increase without the impact of last year's lower tax rate and benefit from a one-time legal settlement. And as noted on the slide the Board authorized an additional $1 billion of share repurchases. Nick will now add detail to our Q2 results and our financial outlook for fiscal 2022. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I'll start on slide 9, second quarter key financial information. Second quarter reported sales were up 2% over last year. This is below our expectations and was directly linked to electronic component availability in the quarter. Q2 organic sales were up 1.3% and acquisitions contributed 2.3 points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by 1.8%. Segment operating margin was 15.7%, approximately 300 basis points worse than we expected and primarily impacted by lower-than-expected sales volume and higher input costs. Versus last year, our margins declined 630 basis points mostly due to negative price cost and higher investments in key growth areas. I will comment further on price cost on the next page. Our adjusted EPS in the quarter was $1.66 and 31% down from the prior year. As we said last quarter, we expect Q2 to be the most impacted by negative price cost as the benefits from prior price actions will be more heavily weighted to the second half of fiscal year 2022 and into fiscal year 2023. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the second quarter was 16% and in line with the prior year. Free cash flow was $46 million in the quarter and down compared to the prior year due to lower pre-tax income and higher income tax payments. Income tax payments were in line with our expectations and higher year-over-year due to the payments made in the current quarter in the US related to fiscal year 2021 discrete tax transactions. Free cash flow results were lower than expectations driven by lower pre-tax income and higher working capital as we continue to build our subassemblies for more rapid conversion into finished goods as we receive critical components. Turning to page 10. This is a new slide we added this quarter. This slide shows the actual impacts for quarter one and quarter two and what we included in our projections for the second half for both price and input costs. First on pricing. From our three price increases since last summer, we expect those actions to provide about $400 million of cost recovery once fully implemented. Less than 10% of this benefit was realized in the first half of fiscal year 2022. The ramp to achieve the pricing impact occurs, because much of our pricing is set by pricing agreements we have with our customers. Once we announce a price increase, these customers will not see the increases until their current annual agreements renew. We are implementing actions to accelerate realization on future price increases. The price growth projected here is only from previously announced price increases and factors in higher inflationary costs not yet seen. If inflation forecast for fiscal 2023 worsens more than expected we will take further price actions to offset these costs. On input costs, we did see a higher year-over-year and sequential increase in input costs in Q2. These increases were driven by increased logistics costs and a higher level of broker buys. We anticipate these elevated costs to continue increasing for the balance of the year. For fiscal 2022, we expect input costs to increase over $200 million, primarily due to higher electronic component costs and higher freight. On a net price cost basis, we are negative in the first half and positive in the second half. We now expect full year price cost to be slightly negative in fiscal 2022. Slide 11 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Total reported sales were up mid to high-single-digits in both our Software & Control and Lifecycle Services segments. Intelligent Devices was down 5% as this segment was impacted more by supply chain constraints. Intelligent Devices organic sales were down 3% in Q2 and up 10% in the first half. Compared to last year Intelligent Devices margins declined 920 basis points to 14.6% driven by negative price cost investment spend and lower volumes. This segment accounted for the vast majority of the miss to our internal expectations in both sales and margins. We expect the second half margins in this segment to expand by 200 to 300 basis points sequentially on higher volumes and higher price from earlier implemented price actions. Software & Control organic sales were up less than one point and 4% in the first half. Segment margins were up sequentially for this segment and declined 520 basis points compared to last year, mostly due to higher year-over-year investment spend, negative price/cost and the impact of acquisition integration costs. We expect the second half margins in this segment to expand by over 600 basis points sequentially on higher sales and higher price from implemented price actions. Lifecycle Services grew organic sales by 11% including more than 20% growth from Sensia. Demand remains strong across all businesses and end markets. Book-to-bill was 1.34 for Q2. Segment margin was up sequentially for this segment and declined 170 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by lower labor utilization caused by supply chain constraints, partially offset by higher sales volume and lower incentive compensation. Margin is expected to grow through the balance of the year with strong sales growth and a higher margin backlog. The next slide 12 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q2 fiscal 2021 to Q2 fiscal 2022. Starting on the left. Core performance was down about $0.75 on a 1.3% organic sales increase as we continue to make growth-related investments. We also were impacted by the timing of merit increases and lower labor utilization. As previously discussed price/cost had a negative $0.25 impact in the quarter. Given our updated guidance we lowered our estimate for fiscal year 2022 incentive compensation. On a year-over-year basis incentive compensation was about a $0.25 tailwind. This brings us to our total EPS of $1.66. Let's move on to the next Slide 13, guidance for fiscal 2022. We are updating our sales guidance to a new range of approximately $7.8 billion to $8 billion in fiscal 2022, up 11% to 15% for the year. We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of 10% to 14%. We expect currency translation to be a headwind of 1.5 points and about 2.5 points of growth coming from acquisitions. Our wider sales guidance range reflects the volatility we see in the component supply and uncertainty of the full impact of COVID-related shutdowns in China. As Blake mentioned earlier, we are forecasting an increase in sales in the second half in line with improved material flow from key suppliers. From a calendarization perspective, we are forecasting improved sequential performance over the balance of the year with a heavier weighting in Q4, driven by the resiliency actions Blake mentioned as well as the timing from higher price realization. We expect full year segment operating margin to be about 20%. This is a 150 basis point reduction from our prior guide and is the result of our volume decrease. The impact from higher input costs since our January guidance is expected to be more than offset with reduced spending levels including lower incentive compensation. We will continue to prioritize our growth and resiliency investments. We expect second half margins of around 22%, up four percentage points from first half levels, primarily driven from higher sales volume and a 250 basis point improvement from price cost. The first half impact of price cost and margins on a year-over-year basis was dilutive by approximately 250 basis points and the margin impact in the second half from price cost will be accretive by over 100 basis points. We expect margins to improve sequentially 300 to 400 basis points in the third quarter and another 400 to 500 basis points in the fourth quarter. We now expect full year core earnings conversion of between 20% and 25% with second half core conversion of approximately 40%. We continue to expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. We do not anticipate any material discrete items to impact tax in fiscal 2022. We are decreasing our adjusted EPS guidance range to $9.20 to $9.80. At the midpoint of the range, this is up about one point compared to the prior year. Finally, we expect free cash -- we expect full year fiscal 2022 free cash flow conversion of about 85% of adjusted income. The decrease from our prior guide of 90% is driven by higher working capital where we continue to have high inventory levels in order to support our increased demand. A few additional comments on fiscal 2022 guidance. Corporate and other expense is projected around $120 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2022 is expected to be about $115 million. We're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 117 million shares. Finally, on capital deployment our capital allocation priorities for this year remain the same including our focus on deleveraging. As Blake mentioned earlier, the Board authorized another $1 billion of share repurchases. Board and management are committed to using our capital deployment framework to drive long-term share owner value including opportunities for increased share repurchases. Turning now to Page 14. This slide bridges the midpoint of our January adjusted EPS guidance range to the midpoint of our new range. Starting on to the midpoint of our new guidance. Starting on the left. There is a lower contribution from core operating performance due to the lower organic sales guidance partially offset by lower spend. We now expect price cost to be negative for the full year or a $0.25 negative impact versus our January guidance. Currency is expected to be a $0.20 headwind. Next, given the decrease in our forecasted performance, there is about a $0.35 impact from a projected lower bonus expense, which brings the new midpoint of the guidance range to $9.50. Although not on this page, we continue to expect our acquisitions including Plex to be about neutral this year including incremental interest expense or a year-over-year benefit of about $0.15. With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. This was a tough quarter, but we are aggressively working to temper the impact of persistent and volatile supply chain shortages. We have provided guidance that reflects a detailed view of expected component availability and actions we are taking to increase the flow of product and solutions to the market. We are beginning to see increases in some of the semiconductors we use, we continue to qualify new sources and important new capacity is being built for the technology we use in many of our products. For example, the incremental fab capacity a major supplier is planning to bring online will directly benefit a number of our product families in early 2023. While we do not anticipate supply chain challenges to end soon, we do expect gradual sequential improvement over the coming quarters. I want to thank our suppliers for the recognition of the critical role we play in US manufacturing and industrial applications around the world. We are on track with our manufacturing capacity expansion to ensure that internal equipment and processes support our revenue growth in fiscal year '22 and beyond.  Despite these challenges we are also on offense. We continue to introduce new differentiated technology and services including the January opening of our Israeli Cybersecurity Operations Center to support worldwide customers. Later this year we will release new FactoryTalk, operator interface and design software at our annual automation fair.  We have reduced spending plans in response to the higher cost but we are prioritizing programs that will generate new revenue in the coming years and we are increasing investments that strengthen our resiliency. We continue to focus on accelerating profitable growth within the long-term financial framework that has served us and our investors well.  We complement internal investment with a disciplined capital allocation that is focused on creating value. The capabilities and dedication of our people continue to set us apart. From our manufacturing associates and plants around the world to our salespeople working together with supply chain professionals to meet our customers' most critical needs through our development engineers balancing the simultaneous demands of building component resiliency and launching new products to the teams who are focused on keeping our people safe and productive, we're confident that our extra effort will be remembered as we help manufacturers speed cloth protect and move the world. Jessica will now begin the Q&A session. 
Jessica Kourakos: Operator you may begin Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Go ahead Rob. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open. 
Scott Davis: Good morning, everybody.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Scott Davis: I'm not going to fixate on the details of the quarter as much as talk about what do you think your customers do if we were to run into a recession? Is it a different playbook this time because they're so far behind on digital transformation? Do those projects continue? Do they get delayed? Do they stop and then restart down there? I mean how does it -- how do you guys think about how your customers act or respond if -- particularly on the consumer side if we do hit a recession? 
Blake Moret: Yes. Scott I'll make some comments and Nick may add to that as well. But we look at an industry-by-industry view of what the stated investments are in these different industries and what's likely to happen which of these are more at risk if we see the effects of inflation continuing to weigh on the economy and some of these macroeconomic events that have happened here in the last few months.  Certain of the big multiyear investments we think are going to be resilient through that. I'll start with semiconductor. With several hundred billion dollars of announced capacity expansions by these fabs and back-end suppliers I don't think that those are going to be thrown off track by the economic conditions and inflation because there's just such a need for that in the world as we are all seeing. So I think investments in semiconductor in electric vehicle as every company regardless of the current economic conditions is moving to produce vehicles that the world is looking for. Life sciences -- the continued demand for vaccines and other medicines. The digital transformation in food and beverage activities as people are trying to be more competitive and save cost. So as you look across the oil and gas, the high cost of oil and the need to pump more to be more efficient I think there's certain underlying secular trends that are driving that. To be sure in the cycle, we're seeing the impact of chip shortages and huge inflationary pressures. But I think these multiyear capacity expansion projects along with the enormous backlog that we and others have built up are going to create a little different dynamic than typical cyclical approaches. And then finally, we are happy with our position working with these customers who are really involved in the most important capacity expansion. So I think there's a good portion of the investment Scott that have been announced that are going to continue on because they have to meet the kind of demand that we're seeing in the world. 
Scott Davis: Okay. Good color. I'll stick to one question. Thank you. Good luck.
Blake Moret: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Andrew Obin: Hey, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hi, Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Hi. Could you just talk about how it did sort of component availability progressed throughout the quarter? And what kind of visibility on your supply chain you have in terms of their ability to add capacity because we're sort of getting into this chicken and egg thing right? If you guys can ship your controllers to your customers I wonder how they can have add capacity if you can't provide them with controllers? So a that's my question. Thanks a lot.
Blake Moret: Sure, Andrew. I mean it is an interesting dynamic. The circularity of what we're providing to capital equipment suppliers in semiconductor and directly to some of the big fab owners is dated to some extent by the availability of our equipment. So we're absolutely seeing how critical we are in these operations. I don't know that the general availability of existing suppliers changed a whole lot from month to month as we went through the quarter although we did see the early benefits of some of the reengineering that we have done with our products. I mentioned the PanelView and I think it's a good example because we now have redundant bills of material between the new and the old series PanelView that give us already significantly increased flow. And we see other reengineering efforts that will start coming online in Q3 and Q4. We have done a detailed product-by-product analysis of all the chips that go into those various products. As you can imagine with the breadth of SKUs we offer there's a highly diverse supplier base to this and that gives us the confidence in the guidance going forward, which do reflect more of our suppliers increasing their basic flow with incremental capacity expansions. Obviously, it takes a while for the brand-new greenfield capacity to come online. But between now and then, we are seeing increased flow for the reasons that I mentioned in my script. Nick?
Nick Gangestad : Hey, Andrew, specifically to the first part of your question, we’ll head on month-to-month during the quarter. We saw some improvements in availability as the quarter went on with March being noticeably our largest month of the quarter of shipments out we were able to do.
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much. Good luck.
Nick Gangestad : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, good morning. Just on price and price cost. So you're talking about the 17% price increase. $400 million is obviously 6%. Are you suggesting you expect some significant additional price, or is that kind of the normal leakage between kind of headline price announcements and what is realized? And also Nick you might have been going back and forth between sequential and year-over-year. But I thought you said cost is only going to be $200 million for the year. Maybe that was just an incremental number. But can you clarify that? Maybe just clarify the whole kind of price/cost equation for the year? 
Nick Gangestad : Great. Yes. Thanks Jeff. From the three price increases that we put into place those impact the pricing that we have on our products. There are parts of our business such as Lifecycle Services that those general price increases don't apply to and those are done on a contract and -- and project-by-project basis. So that 17% and the ultimate yield of $400 million that applies to our price increases on our products that we're selling. And that $400 million that will progress through the -- through fiscal year 2022 and 2023. And by the late 2023 that fiscal year 2023 that's when we expect to be at the fully implemented at that annualized $400 million of price increase. As far as the cost impact. For the full fiscal year 2022 versus the input costs that we had in fiscal year 2021 that's what we're saying year-over-year is going to be a $200 million increase. Now we expect that to continue to go up from those input costs to continue to go up. That's why we put the price increases in that we've had in anticipation of further cost increases in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. If it turns out that our projections that we've underestimated the amount of input cost inflation we're prepared to act with another price increase if needed. But right now we believe we have some cushion in 2023 a little bit of cushion there. 
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, Good morning, guys. 
A – Blake Moret: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So just on your comment earlier Blake, you expect this order and revenue environment to sort of converge over the next year or so sort of implies the $9 billion is on the table before too long. I guess, what's your sense on the margin on that? And we've talked a little bit about price/cost but I'm wondering sort of what's the mix or kind of pricing level in that backlog and the confidence that this stuff starts to come out that you'll be pleased with the margins on that? And I guess, the context for that is I think last quarter you talked about some pretty decent pricing power and maybe still got a little surprised on price cost this quarter. So just trying to see how repriceable that backlog is today.
A – Blake Moret: Yes. The majority of the backlog is in the higher-margin product as opposed to solutions. So the general quality of the backlog, with respect to the margin is good. Nick, kind of talked about the increasing benefits of price increases that we have already implemented and as customer agreements, come due for renewal over the coming quarters we'll see a steadily mounting benefit from those price increases. And as both of us have said, we're prepared to do more if necessary. So I think the margin is good. And as we see the growth, we also see in terms of absorption and so on that there's an actual impact that expands margins there. We remain committed to the long-term framework that we've talked about for the last few years in terms of conversion of incremental revenue and we're sizing the business to continue to show that commitment for good conversion. And as Nick said, the second half of the year we think will demonstrate that. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. Thanks.
A – Blake Moret: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. That's a very clear guidance on the sort of the profit walk on price and cost. I just wanted to go to circle back to other pieces in that bridge, sort of incentive compensation and then investment spend. Maybe help us understand exactly what that new incentive comp tailwind is in pre-tax dollars, and also what the investment spend guided headwind is? I think it was $200 million headwind before for the year. What's the new number? And then, how much of those two factors boost the second half profits? Just trying to get to that kind of walk to those big margin increases in the back half. Any color around that -- those two items please? 
Nick Gangestad: Julian, in terms of our incentive comp that I highlighted are what we often call our bonus. We started the year with a plan, that that would be $130 million. Given our reduced guidance expectation for the full year, we've reduced that from $130 million down to $80 million. That $50 million reduction from our original plan, is evenly balanced between first half and second half. In terms of investment spend, you're correct. We started the year saying, we expect investment spend to go up approximately $200 million, we now expect that – we scale that spending down to now instead of increasing $200 million to only increase approximately $100 million and that will be part of the benefit that we expect in margin in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Luecke from AllianceBernstein. Your line is open.
Brendan Luecke: Good morning, all. Thanks for taking the question.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Brendan Luecke: As you look at the last quarter here or the last couple of quarters, how are you thinking about your share position in North America, specifically and if you have a comment perhaps in other regions? Are there areas where you believe you're taking share for competitors or submarket segments where you're a bit more concerned?
Blake Moret: Brendan we're – in a time as volatile as this we're looking over a period of multiple quarters as you suggest. And so that first half 9% shipments that is something that feels pretty good but even more importantly it's the kind of orders and the continued low cancellation rates that we're seeing in every region. And as we talked about North America, we'd see strong orders growth and we expect over the full year for North America to be our fastest-growing region. There's a lot of anecdotes of where we have won new business from new customers in different spots around the world and we're proud of those but I don't think it's too early to call some major new share gain movement in those areas. So we're continuing to bring the orders in do our best of shipping it out and then we'll take a look at where we are. But in terms of the order flow not only in North America but across the world in Asia, in Europe with both our core automation offerings as well as the new digital transformation solutions I'm very pleased with the new business that we're winning from competitively held accounts.
Brendan Luecke: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, could you give us a little more color into what you're seeing in Lifecycle Services and Process Solutions in general? I think you mentioned the 1.34 book-to-bill in the segment which is good but it seems like a lot of the growth is concentrated in upstream oil and gas. How much leverage do you have to an uptick in midstream investment? Are you seeing movement in downstream projects at this point and – in mining, or is it really just component issues that are holding you back in those segments?
Blake Moret: Sure. So in oil and gas our focus is on upstream and midstream. I would say there's a fair bit of activity particularly at our Sensia joint venture in terminals. And certainly a lot of people are talking about LNG but we had some good solutions there throughout our offering, especially in our power offering there. So midstream we are seeing good activity and good funnel. And what – and this goes back to my previous comment with Brendan, we're seeing some places where we're adding some of our new offerings on top of the core automation. So adding the software, adding some of the higher level of services on there as well, again through Sensia, but they're all about adding automation, closed-loop control even autonomous solutions in these operations. So it's really about the upstream and the midstream and the downstream refinery control is not a target application for us, but we're doing a lot of the balance of plant as well as the safety systems. And we did see some nice wins in the quarter with our safety offering as well. In mining, I think you asked about mining and we are seeing some increased activity there, particularly in Latin America, where we're seeing some of our strongest installed base and we're seeing some of that work come to life as well.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks Blake.
Blake Moret: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Just so we get the you gave us some elements of the second half ramp up Nick. Kind of a couple of things. Number one given that the bulk of your sales in North America goes through distribution, why does it take so long to get pricing through channel? Just want to understand that. I think 85% 90% of your sales in North America go through channels. So, I just want to understand that dynamic. Then it seems like you implied 4Q is 320, 330 at the midpoint. Can you just confirm that's how you see the ramp up coming through? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, I'll take the first part of that what you've calculated for the type of earnings in Q4 that's in the zone of what we're thinking to. You've interpreted that correctly. In terms of the elements that are driving our margin expansion in the second half of the year there's several things. First is -- and the biggest is the volume versus the first half of the year and versus last year that's the biggest. The flip we see on price costs moving to the positive is the second piece, and then the lowering of our spend is the third piece. Now, in particular, your question about price and the timing it takes for us to be getting the price that's -- it's really a function of what I talked about in my opening remarks about we have many of our customers on annual agreements. And when we announce a price increase, they do not see that price increase -- even if it's going through distribution, they do not see that price increase until their next annual agreement renews. So, that can create noticeable lags from the time we announce until we're actually realizing that increase. That Nigel is the primary thing even for things through distribution that caused that lag.
Blake Moret: Yes. And if I could add to that Nick and I both talked about actions to speed the realization of price. And we are increasing the number of agreements that will not have to wait for that full lag period, until annual agreements renew at customers. We've done that in certain places. I wish, we had that in place a year ago, but it's going to benefit us going forward as we make those changes.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the question. In the past you provided some metrics around maybe some advanced ordering. You’re talking about orders for the year approaching $10 billion still how much of this do you think is really pulled forward? And I guess, the second part of it is frankly if you didn't have these component shortages how much higher would the revenue be for the year?
Blake Moret: Yeah. The vast majority of the orders that we are receiving are for current needs for customers. We have line of sight. Our distributors have line of sight to the projects and the machines they're trying to ship. I've been on the call with several dozen customers as we talked about what their needs are and their plans to expand and the impact on us with that. So the vast majority as we've been talking about is that underlying demand further backed up by the very low continuing cancellation rates there. And I think that, that continues as we go forward. A significant amount of that backlog with no component shortages would be shipping. So the order – the shipment levels would be much greater. But we also do see the impacts of long lead times on the orders as our customers MRP systems are automatically increasing the amount of orders that they're putting in. But it still – it represents underlying demand.
Operator: And thank you for your questions. I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Kourakos for some closing remarks.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks Rob. That concludes today's call. So thank you all for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we’ll open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Emma. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Additional information and news about our company can also be found on Rockwell’s investor relations twitter feed using the handle @InvestorsROK, that’s @Investors R-O-K. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let’s turn to our first quarter results on Slide 3. Total orders grew by more than 40% to over $2.5 billion, once again reflecting very strong demand across our portfolio of core automation and digital transformation solutions. Total revenue of $1.9 billion grew 19%. Organic sales grew 17% versus prior year, better than our expectations, despite significant supply chain challenges in the quarter. The manufacturing supply chain remains constrained due to extremely high levels of demand and persistent electronic component shortages. It’s a very dynamic situation, and our global supply chain organization continues to navigate these challenges. We are taking a variety of actions, including qualifying additional semiconductor technology, and investing in capacity to increase our supply chain resiliency and support our growth. Turning now to our top line performance. Core automation sales and orders momentum was broad-based across our product lines, including Control, Visualization, Network, Motion, Power, Sensors and Safety. In the Intelligent Devices business segment, organic sales increased 26% versus prior year, even with significant headwinds from supply chain. Software & Control was also impacted by supply chain constraints, but organic sales growth of 8% was above our expectations. We also had very strong orders growth in the segment. Of note, industrial PC orders at ASEM, our recent acquisition, were particularly strong and almost doubled from a year ago. In Lifecycle Services, organic sales increased 10% versus the prior year, led by double-digit growth at Sensia and our Solutions business. Demand is strongly increasing in this segment, as demonstrated by double-digit sequential orders growth and a 1.38 book-to-bill for the segment. Information Solutions & Connected Services grew double digits in both orders and revenue. Q1 sales were particularly strong across the entire Information Solutions portfolio as well as Kalypso’s digital consulting services. Industrial cybersecurity demand was strong in the quarter and included a strategic win with one of the world’s leading natural gas pipeline companies in North America. We also had a key win with one of the largest Beverage manufacturers in EMEA, demonstrating how our industrial cyber business continues to create new ways for us to win. Our investments in the cloud are also showing very good traction. Another notable win in the quarter was with The Shyft Group, formerly known as Spartan Motors. The Shyft Group is a global leader in the commercial vehicle industry and a big beneficiary of EV and last mile delivery trends. Here, Plex’s Smart Manufacturing Platform was chosen to enable best practices across their operations, reduce material costs, automate quality processes, all while supporting high-speed line deployments. At Fiix, we had another great quarter, with their ARR growing over 40% and over 600 new Fiix customers added in just the last 12 months. In the quarter, Rockwell expanded its presence within Lucid Motors, one of the top up-and-coming luxury EV companies in the world. Lucid had already selected Rockwell’s FactoryTalk software to manage production and is growing the Fiix subscription base to ensure readiness and facilitate skilled resource effectiveness. This is a great example of the synergies we are already seeing across our cloud and on-prem software portfolios, and the positive contributions they are making to our overall business. I’d also like to highlight the continued traction we see with our PTC partnership. The capabilities and versatility of the combined solution has contributed to our significant software portfolio differentiation and has become a great way to win with customers. In summary, I’m very happy with how these digital offerings are contributing to our recurring revenue base, including contributions from our organically developed software, PTC, and our recent acquisitions. In the quarter, total ARR grew by over 50% and organic ARR grew double digits. Let’s now turn to Slide 4 where I’ll provide a few highlights of our Q1 end-market performance. Each of our industry segments showed strong, double-digit, year-over-year organic growth. And as we’ve said, our strong orders are reflective of underlying demand. Advance orders for longer lead time products that are not immediately needed made up about 10% of the total. In our Discrete industry segment, sales grew approximately 20% versus the prior year. Within this industry segment, Automotive sales grew mid-teens, led by a 50% increase in EV capital project activity around the world and strong growth in EV battery, led by our independent cart technology. Semiconductor sales grew over 25% in the quarter, with strong double-digit growth in all regions. Significant greenfield project activity is leading to our strong growth at semiconductor-focused engineering firms and machine builders. eCommerce was our fastest-growing vertical, with sales growing approximately 50% over the prior year. eCommerce orders included a series of multi-million dollar wins to automate new fulfillment centers throughout North America for a well-known eCommerce provider. We believe our strong differentiation in Motion, including advanced material handling technology, and support services are driving market share gains in this fast-growing vertical. Turning now to our Hybrid industry segment. The verticals in this segment also had a terrific quarter. Food and Beverage grew over 20% in Q1, with broad growth across the regions. Once again, SKU expansion, end-of-line automation, and the need for greater manufacturing flexibility are important trends requiring greater levels of automation. We believe the steady pipeline of greenfield and brownfield project opportunities, our deep relationships with machine builders, and our strong technology differentiation are driving record demand in this key vertical. Life Sciences sales grew over 10% in Q1, off of an extremely strong quarter last year and remains one of our fastest-growing verticals in fiscal 2022. We have significantly invested in this area of our business over the last few years and believe we are well-positioned to gain more share through broader and deeper offerings and expertise. Our fastest growing vertical in the Hybrid segment this quarter was Tire, which grew about 35% in the quarter. This is another great vertical that is investing heavily in innovation. Turning to Process, this industry segment grew approximately 15%, led by improving trends in upstream and midstream Oil and Gas. Our Sensia joint venture had strong sales and orders in the quarter, led by strength in process automation and lift control solutions. Sensia’s digitalization solutions are well suited to the energy industry’s desire to improve productivity and extend the useful life of existing infrastructure, as well as the desire to use modern technology to improve safety and reduce environmental impact. As operating and capital budgets increasingly open up, we believe Sensia is well-positioned for double-digit growth in fiscal 2022. Turning now to Slide 5 and our Q1 organic regional sales performance. North America organic sales grew by 16% versus the prior year, with strong double-digit growth across all three industry segments. EMEA sales increased 15%, driven by strength in Food and Beverage and Tire and Metals. Asia-Pacific was our fastest growing region in Q1, growing 25%, with broad-based growth led by Semiconductor and Food and Beverage. In China, we saw double-digit growth driven by strength in Tire, Food and Beverage, Chemical, and Mass Transit. Let’s now turn to Slide 6 to review highlights for the full year outlook. We now expect orders for the year to exceed $9 billion, which is above what we expected just a few months ago and really taking our business to a whole new level. We continue to expect total reported sales growth of 17.5%, including 15.5% organic growth versus the prior year. Our projections reflect a detailed review of supply chain constraints by supplier and product line over the course of the year, but as we’ve said before, these constraints remain very dynamic. We continue to expect double-digit growth in both Core Automation as well as Information Solutions and Connected Services. Acquisitions are off to a good start and expected to contribute two points of profitable top line growth. We are maintaining our margin expectation and adjusted EPS target of $10.80 for the year, which represents about 15% growth at the midpoint of the range compared to the prior year. I should add that we continue to expect another year of double-digit annual recurring revenue growth, including our recent Plex acquisition, which adds approximately $170 million to our ARR totals in fiscal 2022. A more detailed view into our outlook by end market is found on Slide 7. I won’t go into the details on this slide, but as you can see, there is no change to the outlook for our three industry segments. With that, let me now turn it over to Nick, who will elaborate on our Q1 results and financial outlook for fiscal 2022. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I’ll start on Slide 8, first quarter key financial information. First quarter reported sales were up 19% over last year. This is slightly better for the quarter than we expected and indicated in November. We saw some improvements in the timing of electronic component shipments from our suppliers that resulted in a stronger first quarter than we anticipated. Q1 organic sales were up 17% and acquisitions contributed 2.6 points to total growth. Currency translation decreased sales by under 1 point. Segment operating margin was 19.1%, better than expected and improved sequentially from Q4. Our stronger sales performance improved our margins in the quarter. Versus last year, our margins declined 70 basis points due to higher planned spend and negative price/cost, both in-line with expectations. These were both partially offset by the impact of higher sales. Corporate and other expense was $29 million. Our adjusted EPS in the quarter was $2.14. Q1 of fiscal year 2021 included a non-recurring favorable legal settlement of $0.45. Excluding the prior year favorable legal settlement, adjusted EPS grew 11% versus the prior year. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 15.3% and in line with the prior year. Free cash flow was negative by $50 million in the quarter and down compared to prior year due to the payout of the fiscal 2021 bonus, an increase in our working capital to serve our strong demand, and higher planned tax payments. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased 151,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $49 million. On December 31, $503 million remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. Total reported sales grew double digits across all three of our segments. Intelligent Devices grew organic sales by 26%. Compared to last year, Intelligent Devices margins expanded 430 basis points to 23.7%, on higher sales despite a price/cost headwind. Software & Control organic sales were up 8%. Segment margins for this segment declined 730 basis points compared to last year, with higher planned investment spend, and the impact of acquisition integration costs, partially offset by higher organic sales. This segment also saw negative price/cost in the quarter. Lifecycle Services grew organic sales by 10%. Segment margin was 5.5% and declined 340 basis points driven by higher planned investment spend, unfavorable project mix, and higher input costs, partially offset by higher sales. Margin is expected to grow through the balance of the year as a result of strong sales growth and a higher margin backlog. The next Slide 10, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q1 fiscal 2021 to Q1 fiscal 2022. Starting on the left. Core performance was up about $0.55 on a 16.8% organic sales increase. Approximately $0.20 was related to temporary pay actions that were benefiting the prior year and have since been reversed. This is the last quarter that we have this in our prior year comparables as a headwind. Currency was slightly unfavorable by about $0.05. Acquisitions had a negative impact of $0.10, mostly related to Plex. We continue to expect that Plex, including the impact of interest expense will be breakeven in fiscal year 2022 EPS and up $0.15 from fiscal year 2021. As a reminder, our prior year EPS included a non-recurring legal settlement gain of $0.45. This brings us to our total EPS of $2.14. Let’s move on to the next Slide 11, guidance for fiscal 2022. We are reaffirming our sales guidance of about $8.2 billion in fiscal 2022, up 17.5% at the midpoint of the range. We expect organic sales growth to be in a range of 14% to 17%, and 15.5% at the midpoint of our range. This guidance is based on our current view of electronic component availability. By quarter, we see Q2 sales improving sequentially low to mid-single digits with continued improvement in the second half of the year. Our first half is expected to be in line with our initial projections with our first quarter being a little stronger and our second quarter coming in a little lower due to timing of electronic component availability. We are pleased with our supply chain team’s ability to navigate through this dynamic environment and keep the focus on serving our customers. We expect full year segment operating margin to be about 21.5%. We continue to expect slightly positive price/cost for the full year. We expect the first half impact of price/cost on margins to be dilutive by approximately 200 basis points, and that the margin impact in the second half from price/cost will be accretive by over 100 basis points. Given the first half of the year negative impact of price/cost, we expect margins in the second quarter to be similar to Q1 margins, with the positive impact from higher sales being offset by higher sequential input costs. We expect the phasing of our price increases along with higher sales will significantly benefit margins in the second half of the year. Our full year view on margins and the impact of price/cost on those margins remains unchanged. We continue to expect full year core earnings conversion of between 30% and 35%. We are on track to grow our R&D and other growth-related investments by double digits. These investments will position us well as we drive sustained growth in 2022 and beyond. We continue to expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. We do not anticipate any material discrete items to impact tax in fiscal 2022. We are also reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $10.50 to $11.10. At the midpoint of the range, this represents 15% adjusted EPS growth. Finally, we are projecting full year fiscal 2022 free cash flow conversion of about 90% of adjusted income. This reflects a $155 million bonus payout made in quarter one for the fiscal 2021 performance, $165 million of capital expenditures and funding higher levels of working capital to support significantly higher sales growth. Our working capital target is aligned to our historical amount of about 12% of total sales. A few additional comments on fiscal 2022 guidance. Corporate and other expense remains around $125 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2022 is expected to be about $115 million, and we’re assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 117.5 million shares. Finally, on capital deployment, no change to our strategy or fiscal 2022 priorities. Our first priority is organic growth. After that, we focus capital deployment on inorganic activities. Then we focus on capital returns to shareholders, through our dividend, and then share repurchases, and we continue to focus on delevering in fiscal year 2022. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. Strong order trends and record backlog underpin a robust top line outlook for fiscal 2022. As we said last quarter, we are making investments in our capacity, technology, and people to support our future growth. We are investing in our operations to expand capacity by $500 million per quarter, while at the same time increasing the resiliency of our supply chains. We made significant progress in the quarter to release FactoryTalk SaaS offerings, including new Plex smart manufacturing platform capabilities, and we’ve expanded FiiX’s applied AI capabilities. We also released the next version of Emulate3D to further our capabilities in creating and operating digital twins of production systems. A significant release of new Logix functionality is scheduled for next quarter. Importantly, last year’s accelerated organic investments have allowed us to release new secure remote access functionality and cloud-based data management of automation design information earlier than originally anticipated. In summary, Q1 was a great start to the year. We’ve been very busy capitalizing on the opportunities we see today, while at the same time building for the future. I want to take a moment to recognize the people in our organization and the tremendous work that went into these results during especially challenging times. We are making significant investments in existing and new talent and are empowering them with the technologies and resources to be successful. We continue to encourage fresh ideas from across the organization and look at ways to increase our value through the customer’s eyes. I feel confident that investments in automation and digital transformation have never been more top of mind than they are today. As a pure-play leader devoted exclusively to these areas, we think our agility, our differentiated portfolio of products and services, our significant domain expertise, and our ecosystem of best-in-class partners, make us the best positioned company to benefit from what should be a significant, multi-year growth cycle. Let me now pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Emma, let’s take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Blake Moret: Hey, Scott.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Good morning, everybody. But kind of – Blake, I wanted to ask about this Emulate3D, the digital twin stuff. Is that becoming the new kind of the standard to do a full kind of factory simulation digitally before you break ground? Is that becoming the norm? Or is that still kind of tip of the iceberg stuff?
Blake Moret: I think – Scott, I think we’re still climbing the adoption curve there. But everybody is aware of the promise of being able to simulate production systems before actually starting to run material through the line. And this is one of those areas that I think the pandemic accelerated, because you couldn’t get everybody that you traditionally would have wanted to be on-site, shoulder to shoulder on a line commissioning a new line. And so the ability to go and to digitize your system to be able to tune it, to be able to get a good picture of what should happen takes you much further down the path without actually having to have people together and running product through a line in the traditional way. So we see the most advanced companies well into proofs of concept. We’re heavily involved with them on that. And I should add, this is an area that the Kalypso acquisition and then followed by the more recent AVATA acquisition has really helped to complement the technology that we have with Emulate3D and some of the new Logix capabilities to have the people who can describe that holistically at the higher levels of the organization that are required to sign off on that sort of initiative has really been helpful for us.
Scott Davis: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, Blake, historically, in the up cycle, you always have this unfavorable project mix, but there has got to be some supply and demand imbalances here, where supplying into these projects is going to be harder and harder just given how many projects there are. Is there a scenario that this cycle is a little bit different that you can price those projects and the bids more aggressively and have less of an unfavorable mix impact? Or is that just not how it works?
Blake Moret: No. I think a couple of things. First of all, I do think that this cycle is going to be a little bit unusual. Now there’s always some differences from one cycle to the next. But I think this one maybe a little bit elongated, because with the amount of longer-term capital investment in verticals wide semiconductor, where that new capacity is not going to come on for a while, where they still have to build an ecosystem of local partners around these big fabs. I think we could see a cycle that actually lasts a little bit longer than maybe that mean in the past. In terms of demand and being able to supply into this, right now, the bottleneck is the chips. We’re working through that, but I still think that the material is getting out there and we are going to see the completion of these projects. I can’t – I haven’t seen any evidence that people are not moving forward with their expansion plans because of supply chain constraints. They’re slowing them down, but everybody is trying to come out of the pandemic better positioned than their competitors in terms of capacity and new offerings, and I don’t see that changing.
Scott Davis: Okay. Good luck, Blake. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, Andrew.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just first question, you guys sort of said that first quarter was better than expected and second quarter was a little bit weaker. And I think you cited price/cost and supply constraints. I guess the question we’re hearing is that for a lot of companies actually the fourth quarter seems to be a big pinch point and you guys managed to do better than expected in the fourth quarter. So what specifically, I’m just trying to figure out how it is you were able to get stuff out of the door in your first fiscal quarter. And why would it get worse in the second quarter? Thank you.
Blake Moret: So Andrew, we have a broad base of suppliers. Obviously, it goes well beyond just the semiconductor suppliers. But even within that category, we’re managing a broad base of suppliers because virtually all of our Intelligent Devices are intelligent. They have semiconductor based technology. We are in daily contact with our key suppliers through our supply chain organization and conversations that include me and my senior team. And basically, we were able to get a few more chips in the first quarter than we had originally forecast, but we’re expecting the second quarter to be a little bit lighter. It’s a dynamic situation, but the fundamental, I guess, framework you should think about is that with the enormous backlog that we have the new incoming orders are coming in on top of that. So the demand is not the constraint, and we don’t expect it to be for quite some time to come. Nick, anything to add to that?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Our deal is what we were going to be getting for the first half of the year from for chips as our most significant component that just hasn’t changed. Some of them came in a little earlier, and we were able to ship things out in the first quarter. The first half view of what we were going to get just did not change, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: No, that makes sense. And maybe a follow-up question on Software & Control. You highlighted high planned investment spend. Can you just – versus your expectation, I just wanted to figure out where was the margin on Software & Control versus your expectation for the quarter? And how much of this investment spend were planned? And how much of it was discretionary in the quarter? And what were you spending money on? Thank you so much.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andrew, it’s – the Software & Control margins were actually just a little bit better than what we had in our internal planning. The investment spending is right in line with that total – for the total company, where, three months ago, we said that we’d be upping our investment spend by approximately $200 million. Our first quarter, we executed exactly on that plan. It’s roughly $50 million a quarter – over each quarter of last year that we’re increasing. And that spending is as planned. We were also impacted in the margin in the first quarter by our continued spend on the acquisition integration costs. We expect that impact on the margin will diminish in the coming quarters as we work through the integration. So for the full year, Andrew, I know you didn’t ask it quite this way, but we think the margins are going to continue to grow in Software & Control. We don’t think it’s going to be of our total company margin expansion of 150 basis points, we largely think of Software & Control as largely flat compared to last year and the most of our margin expansion coming from Intelligent Device and Lifecycle Services. Now specifically, what we were spending on, we were spending on product development, software development in Software & Control. We also are spending more on our customer-facing selling resources and Software & Control is one piece of that as we are building more specialization in how we sell in some of the Software & Control products. So those are a couple of things that we’ve increased our spending on. Blake will add a little more detail on that.
Blake Moret: Yes. Andrew, just specifically in terms of the things within Software & Control, as we’ve talked about, cloud-native software development in multiple products within the FactoryTalk Hub that we explored a little bit during Investor Day. There’s also new visualization tools, hardware and software that are under development and then new hardware functionality around the Logix control system. We’re going to have major new product releases in all three of those areas in the next 12 months.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. This is super useful. And it was fun to hear Jim last night compliment you on your software growth as well. Thanks a lot.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thank you. The PTC relationship is going well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Jeff.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, good to catch up with everybody. And can we just delve a little bit more into the sequentials? And I know we touched on it a bit on the prior questions. But just thinking about margins being flat sequentially on higher revenues sequentially, is – so you addressed availability, but is price/cost actually worse in the second quarter also? Or is there something else going on in incentives or investment spend or something like that that would create that kind of lack of leverage on sequential revenue growth?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, in terms of price/cost, you’re exactly right in what you’re theorizing there. Price costs were negatively impacting us in the first quarter. They will even more negatively impact us in the second quarter, bringing that first half impact to that roughly 200 basis point negative impact on margin. Then from there, it starts to ascend the price/cost, and that will be getting substantially better in the third and fourth quarter on price/cost. And that’s largely how we had this planned out at the beginning of the year when what we shared three months ago. I think the only dynamic that’s been happening throughout – in the first three months is we are seeing costs go higher, and we’re seeing our planned price actions go higher as well. So both of those moving in tandem to keep our net price/cost exactly what we said three months ago.
Jeff Sprague: And so the expected relief in the second half is a function of continued price mounting and kind of anniversarying? Are you baking in actually cost relief in the back half? Maybe you could discuss.
Nick Gangestad: No. I mean, of course, Jeff, that would be great to think that will happen, but we’re not planning for cost relief. We are planning for continued cost inflation going in. It will be the price part and the phasing in of our pricing that will be positively impacting us in the second half of the year.
Jeff Sprague: And then could you also just separately address how to think about the orders? And the nature of my question is $9 billion of orders, 10% long lead time stuff. So let’s call it 90% shorter-cycle orders, maybe you want to use a different term, but that would kind of imply a little over $8 billion in orders on the short-cycle deliverable stuff. That’s sort of where your revenue guide is plus or minus a little bit. Is that the way to think about just kind of the reaction function here between orders and conversion to sales? Or I’m sure it’s a little bit more complicated than that. But just maybe frame up how orders convert to sales and maybe that’s changing because of the supply chain and other disruptions that we’re dealing with.
Blake Moret: Yes. Jeff, the other main component, I’d say, of the equation is the very large entering backlog that we have there. So these orders – continued orders growth comes on top of historic levels of backlog. And even the longer lead time orders, and I’ll describe that a little bit, those will likely shift or a large part of that will shift in the fiscal year. So when we say longer lead time, that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s pushed down beyond the end of fiscal 2022. To be sure, we’re going to have very large backlog in any scenario at the end of fiscal 2022 setting up for fiscal 2023. But let me give an example of what those advanced orders would be. So you think of an OEM that has big backlog in their own shop of machines to be built, and they would typically buy, let’s say, three months of components from Rockwell, controllers and drives and servo amplifiers and so on. Because of the longer lead times, they may extend that out to six months’ worth of component orders that they’re placing on us. So that’s the example where they have the demand. It’s not speculative they just increased their advanced orders in that respect. And we look carefully at both that customer demand as well as distributor order patterns. We’re working closely with them, and that gives us the confidence to say that this is representative of underlying demand that goes right to the end user.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color. I’ll pass the baton.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Hey, Josh.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So maybe just on the Intelligent Devices margins first. I know we’ve covered some ground there. But anything that you can tell us, Nick, about was there kind of inventory preposition just waiting for chips or something else that kind of goose the margin with this first wave, like price/cost getting worse here in the second quarter? Is it really as common – I think across the industrial universe is because price has been so high. Like anything that sort of gave you the kind of initial advantage, yes, when you were able to get that extra supply in this quarter. That goes away? Or is it just inflation?
Nick Gangestad: The single biggest thing that was driving that margin expansion in the Intelligent Device – and we had high expectations for Intelligence Device margin as well in the first quarter. But what drove it even higher is the higher sales than what we were expecting. And that’s why I’m guiding that we’re not planning margin expansion there in the total company sequentially because what we see for a bit of benefit from higher revenue in the second quarter as the low to mid-single digits I talked about, that will be largely offset by price/cost getting a little worse in the second quarter. Now what I would just describe in terms of our overall pricing philosophy here is we are seeking to price in a way to offset our input costs. And we’re not pricing in a way to generate even more substantial profit after that but to largely offset the input cost inflation that we’re seeing. We see opportunities for how we can be using our pricing to be gaining share around the world. And we are basically trying to offset it. That’s why at three months ago now, we still see it slightly as a benefit to earnings per share but not a substantial difference there between input cost and price.
Blake Moret: Yes. It’s in line with the idea that we’ve talked about of accelerating profitable growth, and we remain committed to the IDN or seeing this play out that nothing expands margins like top line growth. And so we think that we’re striking a good balance between the near-term profitability and the investment to create an even brighter future.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up on Jeff’s question on orders. Interesting, that stat on the longer lead time stuff is it really a big part of the equation sort of suggests that customers aren’t ordering earlier to try and secure their spot in the line. So I guess that’s a good thing, but like is the only thing that’s sort of delaying kind of convergence of orders and sales on what should be a shorter cycle business, just supply chain? Or is there some other kind of delay in the process, labor or something on the customer’s end that kind of prevents us from converging near-term?
Blake Moret: Josh, it’s supply chain constraints. We’ve got this enormous demand that’s a result, I think, of three basic things. First of all, it’s the secular trends that you’re seeing play out across industries and geography, placing a higher degree of importance on automation and digital transformation than ever before. So it’s secular. It’s also cyclical. We are still early in what we believe is going to be a multi-year period of economic expansion. And then finally, it’s our position in this market. And I think all three of those things are driving the demand.
Nick Gangestad: Hey Josh, one thing I’ll add is we’ve invested in our own internal capacity that we do not see that as a constraint. So as Blake said, it’s that component’s availability and getting that, and we’re equipped and ready to go for that as that ramps up.
Blake Moret: Yes. And just a final point just to summarize, fiscal 2022 sales would be higher were it not for the supply chain constraints. So we’re managing, as Nick said, our capacity, our labor based on very dynamic practices hand to hand around the world, making sure that we’re acquiring talent, keeping talent, paying competitive wages, all those things, we’re keeping ahead of it.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. Appreciate the color. Best of luck guys.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to circle back on the orders outlook again, so is the sort of assumption backing into that $9 billion-plus number for the year but you probably have a decent double-digit order growth year-on-year in Q2 and then maybe it’s down year-on-year in the back half as supply chain conditions get easier but you’ve got tougher comps as well. Is that the sort of the right way to think about orders over the balance of this year?
Nick Gangestad: Hey Julian, we – based on what we’re seeing and what we’re expecting, we do think we are going to see order growth in our second quarter year-on-year order growth. And then second half of the year, you can do the own math of calculating what that would mean – of what that means if we’re at $9 billion. Like whether it’s up year-on-year or down a little, I think that’s a little too fine of a point. But what we’re seeing in second quarter so far, we think that’s in line with that, and we think it’s going to be growth year-on-year.
Blake Moret: Yes. The other point I would just add is we’ve continued to see this order momentum for multiple quarters now. And the trends are extending into January. So we see it, again, as reflective of underlying demand in multiple industries, and we can point to the specific investments based on the large greenfields that have been announced as well as on the ground individual salespeople from distributors, from our own people who are directly involved in these projects. So we feel very good about the overall demand.
Julian Mitchell: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just my second question on the price cost aspect. So you mentioned some price – some extra price increases, but you’ve left the organic sales guide in aggregate unchanged. So does that mean that pricing for the year as a whole is still not that different from that 2% type tailwind you’d mentioned before? And then maybe just to clarify, when you talk about price cost, is that cost aspect solely sort of freight and logistics and components and labor is kind of separate from that?
Nick Gangestad: I’m going to take the second part of the question first, Julian. When we talk and think about price cost, it is exactly what you’re saying, what we’re paying for all the inputs as well as logistics costs. Labor is something that we’ve largely managed around productivity and what we’re doing there to improve the efficiency and productivity of our operations often are incentive to more than offset what we see of wage inflation there. So when we talk input costs, we’re in the cost – price cost deflation, its input costs and logistics. Now in terms of pricing and our overall guide, yes, we have chosen to keep our organic growth guide the same three months ago, when as I indicated a 2% – roughly 2% price growth that we were planning for the full year. We think that’s going to go up. I’m not going to put a new number on it because we – I mean it’s a dynamic situation with price and cost, but we see that number going up. We’re focusing more on the net, keeping those net in balance and what the two parts of that equation are. So we kept the guide the same. I think it’s likely in one quarter from now with things like FX, things like price, we’ll be incorporating all of that into the guidance.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Luecke with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Brendan Luecke: Good morning, all. Thanks for taking my question.
Blake Moret: Hey Brendan.
Brendan Luecke: As you talk to customers, are you seeing any early indications of shifting manufacturing footprints sort of on the back of the extended supply chain crisis? Or is this really more of a CapEx recovery story and share gain when you look at your growth projections?
Blake Moret: I think its new investment. I would not look at it as shifting manufacturing, although I think manufacturing in North America is probably a larger percentage of a company’s global investment than it has been traditionally. So I don’t see people closing plants in Asia, for instance, and bringing them back as the majority of what’s driving the demand. But I do see, as people are planning new capacity, whether it’s brownfields or greenfields or upgrades adding digitization solutions to existing capacity. I see North America, and that obviously is our strongest market, as being an outsized beneficiary. So automation, in general, as I said before, from a secular standpoint is increasing. Then in the cycle, it’s still early. And our position in high growth, high investment areas of both geography and technology are positive in what are driving a lot of this outlook.
Brendan Luecke: Excellent. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Brendan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, Steve.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on good execution here, kind of above seasonal. So it looks like you guys shoot through a little bit of that backlog at least. I just wanted to make that clear on the comments you just made. You’re guiding Forex at zero. I think you’ll have a headwind. If you snap the line today, what’s that headwind on Forex, I would assume that, that would be a headwind for the year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve. We – if I snapped the line earlier this week, it would be between a 1% and 2% negative impact. We chose – I chose not to be updating because it’s volatile and we have enough volatility. I didn’t want to be updating for just one component and not updating for all. So we have FX that’s if I snap the top line right now, a little bit worse than our initial guide. We have price that is better than our initial guidance, and we have input costs that are higher than our initial guide. All in, we think that leads to an aggregate where we think our top line growth and EPS growth that we said three months ago still make the most sense.
Steve Tusa: Right, right, right. Okay. Got it. And then how much – I have like $35 million for Plex revenues in the quarter. And then what were orders for Plex side – is there some sort of deferred revenue kind of booking dynamic there? I’m not a software guy. So I feel like every time our companies do a software deal, there’s like a bunch of orders that flow through in the first quarter. Can you just talk to revenues and orders at Plex?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Your numbers on Plex are just in terms of revenue, that’s exactly where they were. Orders were substantially higher. My ballpark looking at it is about 20% higher than what our revenue was.
Steve Tusa: Okay. It’s kind of huge number thought it’s not like you didn’t rebook anything there in orders for them.
Blake Moret: No. There is no –
Nick Gangestad: No, no, no. Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just one last one on kind of the back half of the year, and anything to talk about as far as just keep in mind for third or fourth – third and fourth quarter dynamics?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. I mean the biggest two things, Steve, or what I’ve already talked about, in terms of revenue, we see continued sequential improvement as we are estimating and improved access to electronic components as we progress into our second half. In terms of margin and profitability, the single biggest dynamic is – that’s going to be driving the margin up is the flip on price costs from negative to positive in the second half. And then also benefiting the second half is the improved leverage with the added sales that we’d be having. That’s the biggest dynamics going on in the second half. There isn’t a another big thing going on there.
Blake Moret: Yes. And I would just say continued very strong backlog. So just a simple math of what we shipped and what we booked indicates the backlog remains and even grows. So that remains healthy.
Steve Tusa: Awesome. Thanks for all the details. Appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Hey, Andy.
Nick Gangestad: Hey.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, you mentioned China strong double digits in Q1 and Asia-Pacific actually led your global growth. I know you still have easy comparisons in the Asia-Pacific, but I think you’ve been talking about changing the way you go to market there and you’re making investments in the region. So is Q1 results – is Q1 a result of those efforts? And then obviously, there seems to be some macro risk in the region. So could you give us a little more color into what you’re seeing there?
Blake Moret: Sure. Just specifically on China, if we look at the verticals that contributed to that strong double-digit growth, there was a Tire, which, in general, of course, continues to be a great vertical, and there’s a lot of tire activity complementing the EV activity going on in China, and we’re a beneficiary of that. Food and Beverage is an area where that worldwide is our single biggest vertical. And we’ve had some great recent traction within China in Food and Beverage, Chemical and then Mass Transit. So these are industries that have generally been pretty good for us in China. And when I talk about new ways to get to market, it’s really complementing our traditional distribution. But we’ve also given our local leadership more empowerment to make investments that they say are appropriate with our relatively lower share in China. We think by doing basic things correctly, there’s lots of room to run. And it’s a combination of our core products as well as the new ways to win, Information Solutions & Connected Services. And those are really seen as a calling card getting into customers even when their installed base might be with competitive product, it’s a way for engaging high level decision makers as we bring that new value to them. And those companies across Food and Beverage and Life Sciences and EV, they’re all intensely interested in climbing the productivity curve fast. And so that’s where we see particular endorsement of our software, which is a strong contributor in China as well as new disruptive technology like independent card, which we continue to win some very large orders in China based on independent card, particularly in EV and battery assembly.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that, Blake. And then, Nick, I know you didn’t change your overall sales growth forecast. I mean, if I look, though, at the pieces of the end markets, it looks like you’ve raised a little bit e-commerce, life sciences, oil and gas, you lowered chemicals. So if you sort of put that all together, I think last quarter, you told us that even with supply chain issues, you still – you felt relatively confident about your range even at the high end. Does the sort of implicit changes in these end markets that you made here this quarter suggest that you might even have more confidence, especially given the orders that you just recorded in Q1?
Nick Gangestad: We – Andy, we remain confident that we’re guiding exactly where we think it will be, but those small things that you’re talking about, those are like more on the fringe that we think our guidance is based far less of a view of demand and far more by what we see of our ability to be procuring components and that view has not changed, and we continue to think where we’re guiding is exactly what we’re going to be able to deliver this year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks, guys.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. Ms. Kourakos, I turn the call back to you.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Emma. Thanks, everyone. That concludes today’s call. We appreciate your support and look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. 
 Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include in our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast on this call will be available at our website for replay for the next 30 days. 
 For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Additional information and news about our company can also be found on Rockwell's Investor Relations Twitter feed using the handle at InvestorsROK, that's @InvestorsROK.
 Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in our SEC filings.  
 So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to our quarterly results on Slide 3.  
 We saw another quarter of exceptional demand across all 3 business segments. Total orders surpassed $2.2 billion and grew 40% over the prior year, reflecting a very strong demand pipeline across our portfolio of core automation and digital transformation solutions. Total revenue of over $1.8 billion grew 15%, with additional sales that shifted into fiscal '22 due to supply chain headwinds.  
 Organic sales grew 13% versus prior year. We had very strong growth in core automation and Information Solutions and Connected Services grew double digits in both orders and revenue. This performance was led by strong demand for software and cybersecurity services.  
 Turning to ARR. We continue to make significant progress to drive recurring revenue. Our ARR grew organically by over 18%. And including our recent acquisition of Plex, now accounts for over 8% of total sales. Segment margin of 18% came in line with our expectations with the execution of planned investments in Q4.  
 I'll now comment on our top line performance by business segment. Intelligent Devices organic sales increased 15% versus prior year, even with significant headwinds from supply chain. From the orders perspective, this is the fourth consecutive quarter of record order intake in this segment with orders 30% above fiscal 2019 levels. We continue to see significant strength across the automation portfolio and share gains, particularly evident in motion, led by our independent cart technology. 
 Software & Control organic sales grew 14%, led by strong demand across the segment, including double-digit growth in Logix. Orders grew approximately 50% year-over-year, once again showing great momentum across the software control, visualization and network portfolios.  
 In Lifecycle Services, organic sales increased 7% versus the prior year and increased 2% sequentially even with some projects delayed as a result of component availability. Lifecycle Services book-to-bill of 1.09 was well above seasonal Q4 levels. Total company backlog of $2.9 billion grew by over 80% year-over-year. Over 40% of backlog is related to our Lifecycle Services business. 
 Turning to Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent many of Rockwell's newest digital revenue streams. We had another great quarter. Recent orders included a number of meaningful software and infrastructure as a service wins. One of the more notable wins in the quarter was with Ardagh Group, one of the world's largest sustainable packaging companies. The company had placed a $1 million order for fixed software in Q3 to reduce unplanned downtime. Ardagh, like a lot of manufacturers, is trying to respond to a sharp increase in demand. By Q4, as the relationship developed, we pulled through an additional $4 million purchase of core automation products showcasing the tremendous synergy resulting from our new software capabilities and intelligent devices. With their ARR growing 45% and over 470 new fixed customers added in just the last 9 months, I'm very happy with the contributions Fiix has been able to make to our overall business. 
 We also had a great win with one of the world's largest food and beverage companies in 2 key application areas. The first win is in the area of predictive analytics, where our Kalypso Digital Consulting business will combine our FactoryTalk innovation suite with our automation technology to provide real-time monitoring and analytics for their manufacturing environment.  
 The second application is in the area of sustainability, where our software and automation technology will be used to help monitor water, air, gas, electricity and steam usage to develop real-time KPIs that further reduce their carbon footprint and drive quantifiable production outcomes. 
 Kalypso continues to play a very important role within Rockwell and is spearheading some of the most exciting digital transformation projects in all of manufacturing. Our customers are recognizing Rockwell's expanding capabilities to converge IT and OT and be a strong partner throughout the digital transformation journey. In fact, we announced yesterday that we are adding to Kalypso's capabilities with our acquisition of AVATA, which will strengthen and expand their supply chain solutions domain expertise.  
 This expertise, combined with our operations management software, and that of our partners, drives great outcomes for our customers. We are very excited to be expanding our presence in the connected supply chain since it is such a critical high-growth area.  
 We also accelerated our FactoryTalk SaaS offering with the acquisition of Plex in September. The integration is going well, and we look forward to showcasing the entire FactoryTalk software offering, including Plex at our upcoming Investor Day on November 10 in Houston. We hope to see you there.  
 I'd also like to highlight the increasing traction we are seeing with our PTC partnership. Our sales force is seeing the number and size of engagements growing. The capabilities and versatility of the combined solution is a great way to win, with both existing customers and new ones all over the world. A number of the wins we saw this quarter were in diverse industries around the world. We're happy with this partnership and think it's a great part of our software portfolio.  
 Let's now turn to Slide 4, where I'll provide a few highlights of our Q4 end market performance. We had great performance in our Discrete Industry segment with roughly 15% sales growth. Within this industry segment, automotive sales grew about 15%, led by an increase in EV capital project activity, including a strategic win at Magna, one of the top Tier 1 auto manufacturers delivering EV content for GM and Ford. Semiconductor was strong, growing 20% off of a very good quarter last year. E-commerce performance was also exceptional with sales growing approximately 30% versus a strong prior year.  
 Turning now to our Hybrid Industry segment. The verticals in this segment also had a terrific quarter. Food and beverage grew about 15%, led by strong greenfield and brownfield project opportunities in North America and EMEA as well as strong double-digit OEM demand. 
 Life sciences grew over 15% in Q4, and remains one of our top growth verticals. We see continued growth in the overall life sciences market and evidence that we are taking market share. Once again, our fastest-growing vertical in the Hybrid segment was tire, which was up about 35% in the quarter. Process markets grew over 10%, with strong sequential and year-over-year growth in oil and gas, especially in our Sensia JV.  
 In summary, we are clearly seeing very strong growth across Discrete and Hybrid segments as well as improving oil and gas trends.  
 Turning now to Slide 5 and our Q4 organic regional sales performance. North America organic sales grew by 16% versus the prior year with strong double-digit growth across all 3 industry segments. EMEA sales increased 7%, driven by strength in food and beverage, tire and metals. 
 Sales in the Asia Pacific region grew 12%, with broad-based growth led by EV, semiconductor and mining. In China, we saw double-digit growth, driven by strength in mining, life sciences, tire and EV.  
 Let's now turn to Slide 6 to review highlights of fiscal '21. Record orders of $8.2 billion grew 26%. Reported sales grew 11%, even with supply chain constraints. Organic sales grew almost 7%. IS/CS revenue exceeded $500 million at year-end and grew double digits organically. Adjusted EPS grew 20%, and we, once again, generated significant cash flow due to our very profitable financial framework, strong focus on productivity and financial discipline.  
 At the same time, we made significant investments in our future to accelerate profitable growth. That included organic investments as well as inorganic investments. In fiscal '21, we accelerated funding of software development projects and deployed approximately $2.5 billion towards inorganic investments. At the same time, we returned to $800 million back to shareowners in the form of dividends and buybacks.  
 Turning to Slide 7. You can see how these investments and our strong order momentum and backlog are helping to accelerate our top line performance heading into fiscal '22. Our new fiscal '22 outlook expects total reported sales growth of 17.5%, including 15.5% organic growth versus the prior year. These projections take into account our latest view of supply chain constraints. We have the people, supplier commitments and plant capacity to support this growth, but we will no doubt need to continue to manage new challenges as they emerge in this highly dynamic environment.  
 We expect double-digit growth in both core automation as well as Information Solutions and Connected Services. Acquisitions are expected to contribute 2 points of profitable growth. We are increasing our margin expectations to 21.5%, up 150 basis points over the prior year. Our new adjusted EPS target of $10.80, at the midpoint of the range, represents about 15% growth compared to the prior year.  
 I should add that we expect another year of double-digit annual recurring revenue growth, including our recent Plex acquisition, which adds approximately $170 million to our ARR totals in fiscal '22.  
 A more detailed view into our outlook by end market is found on Slide 8. I will go into the details on this slide, but as you can see, we continue to expect broad-based organic sales growth in fiscal '22.  
 With that, let me now turn it over to Nick, who will elaborate on our fiscal '21 results and financial outlook for fiscal '22. Nick? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 9, fourth quarter key financial information. Fourth quarter reported sales were up 15% over last year. Q4 organic sales were up 12.6%, and acquisitions contributed 1 point to total growth. Currency translation increased sales by 1.5 percentage points.  
 Segment operating margin was 17.9%, in line with our expectations. The 230 basis point decline was primarily related to higher plant investment spend, the reversal of temporary pay actions and the restoration of incentive compensation partially offset by the impact of higher sales.
 Corporate & Other expense was $33 million. The year-over-year increase was from deal costs associated with the Plex acquisition. Adjusted EPS of $2.33 was better than expected and grew 21% versus the prior year. I'll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide.  
 The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was negative 3%, much lower than expected, compared to 15% in the prior year. The lower-than-expected rate was related to the cumulative impact of several onetime discrete items recognized in the current quarter.  
 Free cash flow performance was in line with our expectations. We generated $160 million of free cash flow in the quarter. The free cash flow generation includes higher levels of working capital in the current year to support our increasing revenue and build inventory in anticipation of the accelerated revenue levels in fiscal year '22.  
 One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased 200,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $61 million. For the full year, our share repurchases totaled $301 million, in line with our July guidance. On September 30, $552 million remained available under our repurchase authorization.  
 Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance of our 3 operating segments. Organic sales of both Intelligent Devices and Software & Control were up double digits. Lifecycle Services organic sales were up sequentially and up 7% year-over-year, led by oil and gas, life sciences and food and beverage. All segments saw strong double-digit growth in orders.  
 Compared to last year, Intelligent Devices margins were up 100 basis points on higher sales. This segment did see higher input costs both year-over-year and sequentially. However, these costs were largely offset by price. Segment margins for the Software & Control segment declined 330 basis points compared to last year, with higher planned investment spend, partially offset by higher organic sales. This segment benefited from positive price cost in the quarter.  
 Lifecycle Services segment margin was 8.1% and declined 820 basis points driven by the reversal of temporary pay actions, the reinstatement of incentive compensation as well as unfavorable mix, partially offset by higher sales.  
 The next slide, 11, provides the adjusted EPS Walk from Q4 fiscal '20 to Q4 fiscal '21. As you can see, core performance was up about $0.70 on a 12.6% organic sales increase. Approximately $0.10 was related to nonrecurring accelerated investments that we announced earlier this year. These investments are mostly in our Software & Control segment.  
 The reversal of temporary pay actions and restoration of incentive compensation contributed negative $0.45. Acquisitions were a $0.15 headwind due to the deal costs associated with the Plex acquisition. As previously noted, our lower adjusted effective tax rate contributed $0.40. 
 Slide 12 provides a walk from our Q4 midpoint in our July guidance to our actual Q4 adjusted EPS results. We usually don't provide this information, but I wanted to show how the quarter played out relative to the midpoint of what we had guided back in July.  
 The unforeseen impact of the Delta variants in Southeast Asia added incremental pressure to the supply chain, but the impact of the volume miss of $0.40 was mitigated to lower incentive compensation, further productivity and a favorable mix, all of which contributed $0.35. As previously noted, a more favorable tax rate benefited our EPS versus guidance by $0.25.  
 Moving to Slide 13, product order trends. This slide shows our average daily order trends for our products, which includes our software portfolio. As a reminder, the trends shown here account for about 2/3 of our overall sales. Order intake was broad-based and improved sequentially for the fifth consecutive quarter. Q4 product order levels grew at about 40% versus the prior year and are well above pre-pandemic levels as customers are increasingly interested in investing in our core automation and software, both of which are essential to drive the outcomes that come from digital transformation.  
 Slide 14 provides key financial information for the full year fiscal '21. Reported sales grew 10.5%, including over 1 point coming from acquisitions. Organic sales were up 6.7%, led by double-digit growth in our Hybrid and Discrete end markets and improving process verticals. Full year segment margins remained at about 20%, including close to $30 million of onetime accelerated investments, mostly in our Software & Control segment. R&D expense was up 14% compared to fiscal '20, and R&D as a percent of sales increased further to 6% of sales in fiscal '21.  
 Our core automation, which excludes the impact -- excuse me, our core conversion, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, currency and our accelerated onetime investments, was 34%. Corporate & Other was up just over $20 million, mostly related to acquisition costs associated with the Plex acquisition. Adjusted EPS was up 20%. A detailed year-over-year adjusted EPS Walk can be found in the appendix for your reference.  
 Free cash flow performance remained strong and was in line with our July expectations. Free cash flow conversion was 103% of adjusted income. Finally, ROIC remained well above our target of over 20%. 
 For the year, we deployed about $3.3 billion of capital towards acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases in fiscal '21. Our capital structure and liquidity remains strong.  
 Let's move on to the next slide, 15, guidance for fiscal '22. As Blake mentioned, we are expecting sales of about $8.2 billion in fiscal '22, up 17.5% at the midpoint of the range. We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of 14% to 17% and about 15.5% at the midpoint of our range. This outlook includes our latest assumptions on supply chain constraints.  
 We expect full year segment operating margins to be about 21.5%. We expect positive price/cost for the full year from the additional price increase we implemented this month. At the midpoint of our guidance, assumes full year core earnings conversion of between 30% and 35%. We believe we are in the early stages of a cycle of sustained growth and are making investments to fuel this growth in '22 and beyond. Our fiscal '22 segment margin and core conversion outlook includes our plan to increase R&D and other growth-related investments by double digits.  
 We expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be around 17%. We do not anticipate any material discrete items to impact tax in fiscal '22. This rate is under current tax law. Should tax laws change, we would provide an updated outlook with the impacts from these changes.  
 Our adjusted EPS guidance is $10.50 to $11.10. This compares to fiscal '21 adjusted EPS of $9.43. At the midpoint of the range, this represents 15% adjusted EPS growth. I will cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS Walk on the next page.  
 From a calendarization viewpoint, based on our current supply chain availability, we expect our first quarter sales to be relatively flat compared to our Q4 of fiscal '21. Following the first quarter, we expect sequential sales to improve over the balance of the year. We expect segment margins and the adjusted EPS to decline sequentially in Q1 and then improve throughout the year in line with our sales volume and the timing of price increases. We anticipate recent price increases to having more substantial benefit in subsequent quarters given the timing of when customer agreements are renewed throughout the year.  
 Also as a reminder, fiscal '21 Q1 included a nonrecurring $0.45 gain related to the settlement of a legal matter. Finally, we expect full year fiscal '22 free cash flow conversion of about 90% of adjusted income. This reflects a $155 million bonus payout for the fiscal '21 performance, $165 million of capital expenditures and funding higher levels of working capital to support higher sales. Our working capital is targeted to be aligned with our historic amount of about 12% of sales.  
 A few comments -- additional comments on fiscal '22 guidance. Corporate & Other expense is expected to be around $125 million. Net interest expense for fiscal '22 is expected to be about $115 million. And finally, we're assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 117.5 million shares.  
 The next slide, 16, provides the adjusted EPS Walk from fiscal '21 to fiscal '22 guidance at the midpoint. Moving from left to right, core performance is expected to contribute $2.15. This includes the benefit of higher organic sales. We anticipate price realization will exceed input cost inflation by about $0.10. Our pricing philosophy is built on the high value that we bring our customers. In light of increasing input costs, we have taken several price adjustments this year to mitigate, and we are prepared to take additional price actions as needed.  
 The removal of the onetime accelerated investments made in fiscal year '21 will be about a $0.20 benefit. The onetime gain from a legal matter that was settled in the prior year is a $0.45 headwind. Plex will be a $0.15 tailwind in fiscal '22, including the impact of incremental interest. We have included further information showing the impact of Plex in both fiscal '21 and fiscal '22 in our appendix. No real significant changes to what we showed in July. We expect about a $0.05 impact coming from share dilution, and the higher tax rate is expected to be about a $0.75 headwind.  
 Moving on to the next slide, 17, I'll make a few comments on our capital deployment framework. Our long-term capital deployment priorities remain the same. Our first priority is organic growth. After that, we focus capital deployment on inorganic activities. And then we focus on capital returns to shareholders, through our dividends and then share repurchases.  
 In addition to our organic and inorganic investments, our capital deployment plans for fiscal '22 include a focus on delevering, dividends of about $520 million and share repurchases of $100 million.  
 In summary, our guidance assumes a combination of order and backlog growth that drives 15.5% organic sales at the midpoint and reaches the total sales of over $8 billion. We continue to offset inflationary pressures through additional price actions yielding segment margins of 21.5%. We expect adjusted EPS growth of 15% and continued strong free cash flow.  
 With that, I'll turn it over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start the Q&A. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As we look forward to fiscal '22, strong order trends and record backlog underpin a robust top line outlook. We are making investments in our capacity, technology and people to support our future growth. Our people delivered great results this year, and I want to take a moment to recognize their tremendous work during especially challenging times.  
 As the world recovers, investments in automation and digital transformation have never been more top of mind. Nobody is better positioned to help industrial customers be more resilient, agile and sustainable. As many of you will see at our upcoming Investor Day, we're taking manufacturing to a whole new level and look forward to a great year ahead.  
 Let me now pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Chris, let's take our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Scott Davis with Melius Research. 
Scott Davis: What are your customers saying? Like when you think about kind of the issue here with not just labor, materials and kind of cadencing projects, I mean it seems like every day we see some sort of multibillion-dollar announcement. But there's also that reality that there's just so many integrators and other folks who can get this stuff done. So I know your guide for fiscal 1Q is relatively conservative, but you have things snapping back right after that. What are your customers saying, at least, about their ability or what they think their ability to, at least, get projects done on time today looks like? 
Blake Moret: Well, sometimes it's useful to look at our own plans as a manufacturer in our own right. And our investments, I think, are broadly indicative of what a lot of customers in different industries are doing. They're looking to make sure that they have the capacity to meet the current demand but also looking to get in place the capacity punch new lines of business and find new ways to win, and that's language that we've used, but we're hearing that from a lot of our customers as well.  
 So in some cases, it's just meeting the capacity demands. When we look at semiconductor, and when we look at life sciences in some of these areas, it's to meet current capacity in well-known areas. In other cases, people are looking to launch new lines of business with EV probably being the best known of that. They're very eager to take delivery of our products. And one of the things that we have is the intimacy through our own salespeople as well as through our distribution of line of sight to these projects that are driving the demand and when they're needed. So we're not just guessing when they might need these products, we know what projects they're going into and when those projects are expected to start.  
 To be sure, there's certainly some delays in those projects that our customers are seeing, but they're trying to get these -- this capacity up and running just as soon as possible. 
Scott Davis: Yes. That makes a lot of sense. And how do you think about -- I mean are you -- I assume your pricing -- your -- you have tremendous pricing power right now? I mean there has to be somewhat a shortage in the industry overall. Is that -- you talked just about price and then I'll pass it on. 
Blake Moret: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments, and then Nick can add to that as well. I mean we're looking at expanding margins in the coming year taking share in some important industries and product areas and building the foundation for the future, and we're doing it with select pricing increases.  
 I think one of the things that bears mentioning is the tools that we've implemented for pricing have dramatically improved over the last couple of years. So pricing can be a real science with a lot of analytics. And I think we've significantly upgraded the tools and the talent so that we can get price where the market bears that, but also where we can reserve the right to be selectively aggressive to win share. Nick? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, I'll just add a couple of things, Scott. Our pricing philosophy is built on this high value we are bringing to our customers. And what we're seeing with increasing input costs, we have taken several price adjustments in fiscal year '21. And we're prepared to take additional price actions as needed if input costs increased more than what we're anticipating at this point. So we do command premium prices in the market. It's reflected in our margins. And we continue to focus on the value we are creating for our customers and the relationships we have there. 
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. 
Andrew Obin: You highlighted ARR of plus 18% in the quarter. Can you just talk about what are the key drivers? And how should we think about this strong exit rate into '22? 
Blake Moret: Yes. So very happy with the development of our ARR, both in terms of the percentage growth and then the step change that we received from acquisitions like Plex. And -- so we're currently looking at an ARR of over 8% of the company's total, and we're continuing on that path.  
 If you think about the main elements of ARR in the company, it starts with software, software subscriptions, software delivered as a service and the associated technical support which is also delivered as a contract either bundled with the software or as a separate subscription or software that's still being sold as a perpetual license. 
 But we also have some interesting additional areas, cybersecurity infrastructure as a service. So our industrial data center that comes its hardware with the software and the services bundle to be able to monitor network traffic on-premise has been a great offering that we've had. It's a good business in its own right, and it also pulls through a lot of additional opportunities because it's a different set of decision makers.  
 So those are really the primary areas, and we continue to look to expand with the opening of our new software this year to be able to offer additional services that are bought as a subscription as we develop and release organically developed software that's sold as a service that's running in the cloud. I'm very happy with the robust outlook for growth of existing offerings plus new product introductions, a number of which you'll see next week at Automation Fair. 
Andrew Obin: So I guess, we'll wait until the Analyst Day to hear more about that. But can you just highlight oil and gas improvement? Can you just give more detail by end market, especially North America? I'm looking at sort of upstream, midstream, brownfield, greenfield, just a little bit more color there? 
Blake Moret: Yes. So we did -- we were encouraged by the development of oil and gas in the fourth quarter and the outlook for fiscal '22. Our oil and gas is about 60% -- it's about 60% in upstream, with most of the remainder in midstream. So we're not really doing a whole lot in the downstream side. We do provide power control products and MAVERICK is doing work downstream often with our safety offering. But the majority of our business is in the upstream, and we were happy to see both sequential and year-over-year growth. In the fourth quarter, we saw particularly strong orders from Sensia and the growth was contributed to by all of the regions. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. 
Jeffrey Sprague: I'm sorry. You got me there now. Just a couple of questions. Just first on price, I don't know if you said it, but could you be specific on the amount of price you actually achieved in 2021? And what's embedded in 2022? We see the positive price/cost spread, obviously, of $0.10, but I'm curious on the actual nominal price capture involved here? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, we had a little over 1% price growth in fiscal year '21, and we're projecting an approximately 2% net price growth in '22. However, I will be quick to caution that is based on our current level of cost increases. We are prepared to increase that more if we see additional cost increases coming in that we haven't anticipated in our latest price adjustments. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And then also, I guess, investment spend would be embedded in the core number. But I think you said, Nick, you're growing at double digit. Are you growing at actually less than sales growth? I wonder if you could just kind of speak to what the actual rate of growth is? Actually, is it a tailwind inside that core number? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Jeff, that is accretive to our margins because it's not growing at the same pace as our sales, but it is in the -- as I said, double digits. It's from the low double digits. And Jeff, just to put some color on it, we see ourselves in the early stages of a cycle of sustained growth. And we are making investments in '22 to fuel that growth both in '22 and then beyond. And so we are increasing our spending in '22 on R&D and other growth-related investments.  
 Some of the places we're investing, Jeff, we're investing in some key products and software development projects, mostly in Software & Control. We're investing in customer-facing selling resources, and the addition of some travel and customer-facing expenses that had gone down during the pandemic. And we're also expanding investments in our plant capacity. So those are some of the big areas, Jeff, where you're seeing investment spend increase in '22. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And I'm sorry, if I could just squeeze one more in. Nick, could you just elaborate a little bit more on Q1? I mean actually, it would be normal for Q1 sales to decline sequentially, I think, and you have them flat. So the idea that EPS may decline sequentially does just jump out a little bit. Maybe just elaborate what's going on with price cost or other things to drive to that outcome in the quarter? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, what we are seeing is our Q1 sequential with Q4, that's really based -- from a revenue standpoint, it's based on what we are anticipating from supply chain constraints and that, that will be keeping our revenue flat as we move from Q4 into Q1.  
 From a margin standpoint and an EPS perspective, some of our price increases that we have implemented will be impacting the later quarters of '22 more than they will be impacting the first quarter of '22. So part of what I'm sharing, as I say, what we expect for margin in the first quarter of '22 is impacted by the timing of price increases -- impacting our revenue and our margins as we go through the year. We also expect that cost increases from a year-on-year perspective will be most pronounced in our first quarter. And then from an EPS perspective, I will just point out first quarter of last year, we had a $0.45 gain from a legal settlement, and that will not be repeating. 
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: And just first question, I guess, on the backlog. Like you talked about it several times kind of a source of strength in the next year. How much of the growth is really kind of catch up or conversion of maybe this excess or elevated backlog versus maybe commentary on the underlying end markets? 
Blake Moret: So as we talked about backlog of $2.9 billion is at a huge level. And we said about 40% of that is Lifecycle Services, reflecting the strengthening dynamic of our longer cycle project business, which includes a high process content. And then you, of course, have the product backlog that's being built by those enormous order quarters in Intelligent Devices and also in Software & Control.  
 So we have a huge tailwind coming from that, but we see continuing demand. The demand remains strong coming in. And so it really is a mix, but the sharply increased sales in '22 is due to strength and secular tailwinds, let's say, investment themes and a number of the industries that we're serving. And just in general, as people are building in resilience and agility into their basic operations, we think that, that is part of what's being reflected in our orders intake and the subsequent sales growth in '22. And we're making the investments to be a beneficiary of those trends beyond '22 as well. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay. And then maybe just a coincidence, but everything from like an end market perspective, up 15% is pretty strong, but also strangely level, I guess, on one hand, maybe a good economic indicator, but also says that nothing at the end market basis is sort of standing out. Is there anything that can sort of be added to that? Or anything maybe at the product level that tells a different story? 
Blake Moret: Sure. I think if you go 1 level deeper in some of those end markets, in automotive, obviously, EV investment for capital projects is coming out. And so that's at a high level. You look at life sciences, there's obviously the work there associated with COVID treatments and vaccines. 
 We're a little surprised by the uniformity, but I think each one has its own story. Oil and gas, we love it to be part of the pack again, so to speak. So I think if you go through each one, you can see that. And then obviously, there's some regional variation as well. 
Operator: Our next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: Just wanted to follow up on the free cash flow topic. Nick, I know you made some comments around that in the prepared remarks, but the free cash flow, I think, is guided about $1.1 billion. That would imply the same free cash flow dollar number for sort of 5 years in a row now. So I just wondered if there's something maybe in the business mix as you're shifting towards more ARR or more software-focused that's becoming a drag on the cash flow near term as the business model sort of shifts? Or do you just view it as each year, there's some onetime headwinds that are kind of keeping that free cash flow sort of stuck at that number, even as the sales and adjusted profit is growing? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Julian, the biggest story in the 90% free cash flow conversion for us in '22 is really the higher revenues and that's -- and the working capital that we're putting in place to go with those higher revenues. That's the single biggest thing. 
 Secondary things that we are seeing, Julian, are the payout of our bonus in '22 related to the '21 performance. And then we're also increasing our CapEx investment in light of the higher demand for our products. But no, in terms of our mix and anything going on from that perspective, that's not really having an impact, Julian. 
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And then just trying to follow up on the topic of sort of backlog and conversion. So I think your backlog is worth about 1/3 of your fiscal '22 revenue guide. And you said it was $2.9 billion, your guide is 8 2. Just wondered sort of as you look at sort of backlog conversion today, is the main assumption that it's slower right now because of supply constraints, that conversion into revenue then accelerates from January, February and also your incoming orders pace continues to grow over the balance of the year. Is that the sort of the way to think about backlog and orders? 
Blake Moret: In a word, yes. That's right. And I should mention the quality of the backlog, we think, is good since it's a higher percent of products than you would normally expect in terms of the traditional split of our backlog because of the longer lead times with some of those products 
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Just on this topic of investment spend. I think you guys have this like a bucket of like $2 billion that you use on the P&L to talk about investment spend. I think you threw in CapEx in the discussion with maybe Jeff it was. What is that $2 billion going to grow this year? And then what is the number net of the decline in onetime? So if you include the onetime impact, what is the year-over-year growth or absolute headwind, however you want to talk about it, on that $2 billion of investment spend that typically runs through the P&L? 
Nicholas Gangestad: So Steve, we had approximately $30 million of onetime spend that we did in fiscal year '21. That's not repeating. Then to our total fiscal year '22 of the roughly $2 billion of investment spend, that's what we're saying is going up double digits in '22, low double digits actually. So there's a little over $200 million of increase there in investment spend. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Parts of the bridge that you want to call out on that on this front, whether it's some of the incentive comp or -- sorry, it was on a call earlier, you may have highlighted it, but anything else in the bridge moving around? 
Nicholas Gangestad: We have some onetimes that impacted us in fiscal year '21 that we're pointing out that those will not repeat. Also, the tax rate is based on current tax law. If this tax law does change, we would update what we expect for that. But Steve, those are a couple of the things I'd just point out. 
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Blake, this is your third quarter in a row with orders of $2 billion or more, and they've continued to go higher without larger projects this quarter. I know we've asked you this before, but do you get any sense that some of the strength has been customers getting in mind or double ordering? And given it still seems early your process automation recovery and the inorganic additions you've made at the company, is it reasonable to think that orders can maintain or even grow from these levels over the next few quarters? 
Blake Moret: Yes. So in Q4, there certainly were some pull-ins in the quarter. But as we talk to our sales force and distribution, we think it's well under 10% of the total. So we think the vast majority of what we're seeing is underlying demand, and it's broad-based across multiple industries.  
 So we do believe, and we're seeing this into October. We continue to see strong demand coming from customers as some of these secular tailwinds that we've talked about, and you pick the industry, are investing, whether it's in transportation or food and beverage, life sciences. Chemical is expected to have decent growth in the coming year for building chemicals and packaging chemicals.  
 So you can see it from a variety of places. And so we're very optimistic about continued order growth in the year, particularly because we're talking to customers about new things, new capabilities that 24, 36 months ago, we didn't have in our portfolio. But there's a pretty significant expansion of what we can talk to customers about in all 3 of our business segments. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: And Blake, I wanted to follow up on some of the comments you made on EV. Obviously, during the quarter, there were several additional announcements of planned CapEx by some of your customers, EV battery facilities. And you mentioned that your EV business led 15% automotive growth, despite big production declines from many of your customers. So can you give us more color into what your for EV-related business in FY '22? We know you're seeing automotive up mid-teens. And how much of that is just auto build recovery versus what could be the opportunity for you in EV? 
Blake Moret: Yes. I think the majority of it is getting our new models on the road. That's how where these traditional brand owners are getting out there with EV and how the start-ups stay in business, getting a return on the investments that have been made in them. For scale, you think about automotive being about 8% of Rockwell's total business with EV about 1/4 of that, so about 25%. And we expect over multiple years EV and associated battery are going to be a strong driver of growth for us.  
 And that's around the world. I mean you look at the wins that we're getting in China associated with battery and EV. And it's clearly a calling card for us. We look at the wins, the opportunities that we have with Plex in the Tier providers. All of these things, I think, are positive for us. 
Operator: Our next question is from Markus Mittermaier with UBS. 
Markus Mittermaier: I wanted to come back to backlog and pricing, if I could, and link the 2. I wonder sort of how much ability you have in the existing backlog to adjust prices there if need be? 
Nicholas Gangestad: Markus, the significant majority of our backlog, we are not repricing. There is a relatively small portion of our backlog that has more dynamic prices that we can adjust. So we are not changing the prices in our product backlog.  
 But as Blake mentioned earlier, when we look at our total backlog and as we work through some of that in '22, it's favorable. It's favorable in terms of the mix that we're seeing there. So we don't expect it to be dilutive. We actually expect it to be accretive to us in '22. 
Markus Mittermaier: That's helpful. And then, Blake, you've mentioned share gains in motion. I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on that, which regions, which product categories and what's the ultimate driver there? 
Blake Moret: So I mentioned motion control, and we're seeing share gains from a couple of places. First of all, our traditional products that are controlling the motion of a more traditional motor, we have some very strong products there and they're fit in an overall integrated control and information architecture are doing very well. We had some product releases of organically developed products last year that get to the more price-sensitive markets like China, and we've seen some good uptick in our kinetics products there.  
 But an area that we've talked, especially about in the last few quarters, is independent cart technology. And so it's linear motion control and due to its ability to save space on machinery acceleration and deceleration rates, the integration as part -- a fundamental part of the machinery really gives us a very differentiated offering in a variety of industries around the world. So it can be used in power transmission in vehicles. It can be used in tire building, in packaging, or food and beverage and life sciences. There's even some interesting applications that we're working on in mining.  
 And so it's very versatile set of technology. We bought 2 small companies to get into that to complement actually a technology we've had for many years, and then we'll continue to invest and build it into the overall automation architecture. So we're very happy with the growth that we're seeing there, which continues at strong double digits. 
Jessica Kourakos: Operator, we'll take one last question. 
Operator: Certainly. Our final question is from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: Certainly, the acquisition of AVATA seems very timely with supply chain management challenges that seem ramping across the industries. And like you've often talked about Rockwell's own manufacturing journey being a great test case for customers. Curious, how do you think say, having AVATA and the ability to manage supply chain and the cloud solution? How might that impact or be able to impact you going forward just to gain increased control and visibility of your own supply chain? And how do you see it benefiting the customers? 
Blake Moret: Well, we're excited about using the technology in our own operations. So we've got a pretty good system on the floor and taking that data into information systems today. But one of the real excitement for a big company like Rockwell in a cloud-based solution is the ease of implementation for the same reasons that small- and medium-sized businesses like it because they may not have an IT department to be able to manage a big fleet of computers in their plants.  
 The ability to have a cloud-based approach is exciting when we make new acquisitions. When we open more agile plants around the world, the heavy lift that would come with more traditional systems may not be what's most appropriate.  
 On the other hand, we're going to continue to do well with our on-prem MES offering because you have a lot of companies, particularly those in regulated industries that cannot change quickly. They need to have the ability to maintain a system with no change for many years. And so that on-prem system can be very helpful there. And so we see the 2 coexisting for a long time to come. 
Noah Kaye: That's helpful. And then just curious if you can comment on any potential shifts in customer spending from CapEx to OpEx? You mentioned Sensia seems to be recovering. Wondering, as many of the customer base, particularly on the process side, are being relatively disciplined with CapEx investments, whether this is a significant transition you're seeing? And any potential wallet share gains as a result? 
Blake Moret: Well, we think in Sensia for oil and gas, we think the fundamental value proposition is still as strong as when we entered into it. And we are seeing that reflected in our orders. In mining, as you said, those companies are being disciplined with their capital spend, even with super high commodity prices, we haven't seen a dramatic increase in the release of funds for big capital expenditures.  
 Some of that's going to have to come because they only stay in business by having the ability to efficiently bring the resources to market. And we're talking to them about quotes. There's activity there, but we haven't seen it manifest itself yet. I did mention earlier, chemical is a process vertical. But we do see good growth in the teens over the year, and it's for things like construction resins as well as chemicals used in packaging because people are still getting lots of products and boxes delivered to them. 
Operator: Yes. This concludes the Q&A session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Kourakos for any closing remarks. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Chris. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to seeing you next week, hopefully, and have a great day. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks Rene. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Supplemental information related to our new business segments can be also found in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website.  Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Jessica and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before I begin let me first congratulate our Milwaukee Bucks for such an incredible season, Go Bucks. Let me now take a moment to talk about a couple of key highlights in the quarter. First of all, I'm pleased to welcome Cyril Perducat as our new Chief Technology Officer. He succeeds Sujeet Chand who is retiring later this year after a long and very impactful career at Rockwell and I'll talk more about his legacy in November. Cyril brings a wealth of automation and digital transformation experience to the role with great global experience and a passion for helping customers. His mindset and additional perspective will help drive even more value from the combination of our core automation, software, and managed services offerings to provide positive outcomes for customers.  We also announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Plex Systems which we expect to close in Q4 of this year. Plex is the leading cloud-native smart manufacturing platform operating at scale and it will be a big part of our FactoryTalk software as a service offering. We look forward to showcasing its unique capabilities and integration into a complete production system at Investor Day during our November Automation Fair in Houston.  Now let's turn to our quarterly results on Slide 3. We saw another quarter of exceptional demand across our product portfolio. Total orders surpassed $2 billion reflecting a very strong demand pipeline. Total revenue of over $1.8 billion hit a new record and grew 33% including a one-point contribution from recent acquisitions including ASEM, Kalypso, and Fiix. Organic sales grew 26% versus prior year despite significant supply chain challenges. The manufacturing supply chain continues to remain constrained due to increased levels of demand and persistent electronic component shortages. It's a dynamic situation that we are monitoring closely. Our global supply chain organization continues to navigate these challenges and is taking a variety of measures investing in both short and long-term strategies to increase our supply chain resiliency.  I will now comment on our top line performance by business segment. Intelligent Devices organic sales increased 29% led by strong broad based demand for our automation products. From the orders perspective this is the third consecutive quarter of record order intake in this segment. Once again strong order growth in motion was driven by our independent cart technology offering which saw over 100% orders growth in the quarter. Independent cart orders growth was broad based and included strong wins in e-commerce and warehouse automation including Interlocks, an important North American material handling OEM partner whose machines are supporting some of the largest e- commerce applications in the world. Interlocks is leveraging our independent cart technology and a high bottleneck area of their process was able to realize a 30% increase in sortation throughput.  Software and control organic sales grew 32% led by strong demand across this segment. Logix sales grew over 40% versus the prior year and was our strongest major product family. Orders for the software and control business segment grew over 55% year-over-year showing strong momentum. In lifecycle services, organic sales increased 17% versus the prior year and increased 8% sequentially. Book-to-bill for this segment of 1.18 is expected to drive continued sequential sales improvement in this segment through the fourth quarter. Total company backlog grew by over 50% year-over-year.  Turning to profitability, segment operating margin of 20% increased by 340 basis points versus the prior year primarily due to higher sales. Adjusted EPS of $2.31 grew 75% and was above our expectations. Stronger sales and favorable mix all contributed to our strong profit performance in the quarter as we continued to increase our business resiliency and make technology and people investments that set us up for a strong future.  Turning to Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent many of Rockwell’s newest digital revenue streams, we had another great quarter. Organic sales and orders grew strong double digits, with contributions across a variety of end markets. Recent orders also include a number of meaningful software and infrastructure-as-a-service wins with some of the world’s most important Food & Beverage and Life Sciences manufacturers. For example, SINOVAC, one of the largest pharmaceutical manufacturers in China, recently chose our PharmaSuite MES to help bolster production of their vaccines. We also had a great win with GE Renewable Energy on a greenfield project to develop a major power plant in Africa. Once operational, this hydro plant is expected to provide 30% of the country’s energy demand, while reducing annual power generation costs by $100 million. In addition to using our core automation products, our capabilities in industrial cybersecurity helped us win even greater share of this greenfield project. Kalypso also continues to play a very important role within our Connected Services offerings, and last week received PTC’s systems integrator Partner of the Year award. This is in addition to Rockwell receiving PTC’s overall Partner of the Year Award, as we continue to see good synergies across the PTC-Rockwell portfolio.  Turning to Slide 4. At last year's Investor Day, we talked about how we are bringing our FactoryTalk software offering to the cloud with SaaS offerings in three key areas: FactoryTalk Design Hub, FactoryTalk Operations Hub, and our FactoryTalk Maintenance Hub. The organic development of our FactoryTalk Design Hub is well underway and complements our best-in-class Studio 5000 software. With the addition of Plex, we will have a world-class, full scale FactoryTalk Operations Hub. Plex's smart manufacturing platform includes one of the most advanced cloud-native MES offerings available as well as cloud-native quality and supply chain management solutions. Capabilities like inventory management, supply chain optimization, and track and trace are more critical than ever, and we will have unmatched on-premise, and cloud-native solutions.  Last week, we also announced our partnership with Kezzler, a leading provider of cloud-based traceability software that will be a great complement to both our on-prem and cloud-native supply chain offerings. The foundation of our FactoryTalk Maintenance Hub comes from last year's acquisition of Fiix, an AI-enabled maintenance management platform, with a cloud-native offering that is sold 100% on a subscription basis. Since the acquisition, we've seen accelerated growth at Fiix, including the addition of their first two customers with contributions of over $1 million of annual recurring revenue each. This quarter, Fiix revenue grew by over 40% both year-over-year and sequentially, and they’ve added on average, over 50 new logos per month since they’ve joined Rockwell. Fiix and Plex applications are highly complementary, with many opportunities for customers to further improve manufacturing productivity, product quality, and asset utilization.  In addition, we believe that Fiix’s high velocity, go-to-market model will provide additional revenue synergies in the years ahead. As we mentioned on the call to announce the Plex deal, we are moving fast, because manufacturers are picking up the pace of innovation; and we have the opportunity to leap ahead with new value from highly scalable, easy to use, and well-integrated information solutions that build on our rock-solid heritage, born in the world of real-time data.  Let’s now turn to Slide 5 where I’ll provide a few highlights of our Q3 end-market performance. Figures are for organic sales. We had great performance in our Discrete industry segment, with roughly 40% sales growth. Within this industry segment, automotive sales grew at about 50%, led by an increase in capital project activity. We estimate two-thirds of the capital projects we are winning are related to EV projects taking flight. For example, we had another win at the Indian automotive supplier Wipro-PARI, where our core automation technology will be used in an EV battery pack assembly line for one of North America’s largest automotive brand owners.  In Semiconductor, we grew about 35%. We believe strong secular tailwinds, increasing capital spend, and broadening share of wallet with customers are all driving our growth. We are raising our Semiconductor growth outlook once again to high teens for the year. Another highlight within Discrete was our performance in e-commerce, with sales growing approximately 65% versus prior year. This vertical has significant secular tailwinds with pure play ecommerce players, as well as traditional retailers, that are transforming their warehouses through automation.  Turning now to our Hybrid industry segment. These verticals also had a terrific quarter. Food & Beverage grew over 30% and had the most significant outperformance relative to our expectations, as customers prioritize investing in technologies that help them differentiate their offerings and maximize their growth. We believe we are taking share in this market and that our technical and commercial strength is reaping dividends that should carry through into fiscal 2022. Life Sciences grew over 40% in Q3 and was another great performer in the quarter. Life Sciences was our fourth largest industry in the quarter, not far behind Automotive, and we continue to believe we are taking share in this fast-growing vertical. Key wins included a highly competitive win for a large greenfield project with Butantan to fast-track their Covid-19 vaccine production in Brazil. Here our PlantPAX Control System, Factory Talk Batch, and PharmaSuite MES will enable a best-in-class paperless system that will fully integrate with batch control and other equipment on the factory floor.  Our fastest growing vertical in the Hybrid segment was Tire, which was up about 60% in the quarter. Key wins included Toyo Tire Group in Japan, where Rockwell was chosen as the automation standard for their plant in Serbia. Our core automation technology, our IoT-ready architecture, and strong MES capability were all critical factors in securing this key win. Tire has always been a strong industry vertical for Rockwell and our technologies are actively supporting our customers’ increasing investments in innovation and production capacity. Process markets were up approximately 15% and were better than expected. This was the first quarter where we saw all of our major process industry verticals return to positive growth, including Oil & Gas, which grew low single digits versus the prior year, and grew high single digits sequentially.  Turning now to Slide 6, and our Q3 organic regional sales performance. North America organic sales grew by 29% versus the prior year, with strong double-digit growth across all three industry segments. EMEA sales increased 21%, driven by strength in Food & Beverage and Tire. Sales in the Asia Pacific region grew 23%, with broad-based growth led by Semiconductor, Life Sciences, and Tire. In China, we saw double-digit growth driven by strength in Tire, Life Sciences and EV. We continue to expect growth in China will exceed the company average for the year, as our longer cycle businesses kick in. Latin America growth of 26% was led by Food & Beverage and Automotive.  Let’s now turn to Slide 7 to review highlights for the full-year outlook. Orders momentum and backlog are expected to drive strong sales growth in the balance of the year and into fiscal 2022. Our higher top line guidance is driven by improvements in our Hybrid and Process industry segments. Our new outlook for total reported sales growth is up 12%, including 8% organic growth versus the prior year. We are seeing strong growth in both Core automation as well as Information Solutions and Connected Services. Acquisitions are contributing over a point of profitable growth. We are increasing our margin expectation to 20%. Our new adjusted EPS target of $9.20 at the midpoint of the range represents 17% growth compared to the prior year. This also includes $0.15 from transaction fees related to our pending acquisition of Plex. I should add that we expect double-digit Annual Recurring Revenue growth in fiscal 2021, with the Plex acquisition expected to add over $175 million to our ARR totals next fiscal year.  A more detailed view into our outlook by end market is found on Slide 8. I won’t go into the details on this slide, but as you can see, we continue to expect broad-based organic sales growth this year. With that, let me now turn it over to Nick who will elaborate on our third quarter performance and updated financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Nick? 
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I’ll start on Slide 9, third quarter key financial information. Third quarter reported sales were up 33% over last year. Organic sales were up 26%. Acquisitions contributed one point of growth, and currency translation increased sales by five points. Segment operating margin was 19.9%, an expansion of 340 basis points compared to Q3 of last year. Higher sales volume, a favorable mix, and price all contributed to our margin expansion. These factors more than offset higher incentive compensation, our planned investment spend, last year’s pay reductions, and higher input costs. Corporate and Other expense was $29 million, slightly higher than last year, mainly driven by costs related to the pending Plex acquisition.  The adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter was 14.6% compared to 14.1% last year. Third quarter adjusted EPS was $2.31, above our expectations, primarily related to higher sales. I’ll cover a year-over-year Adjusted EPS bridge for Q3 on a later slide. Free cash flow was $437 million or conversion of 161% in the quarter. Strong conversion in the quarter was driven by continued management of our working capital. Year-to-date, free cash flow conversion was 118% and free cash flow dollars was up 39% versus last year. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased 225,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $60 million. For the full year, we have lowered our repurchase target from $350 million to $300 million, in anticipation of our upcoming Plex transaction. At June 30th, $613 million remained available under our repurchase authorization.  Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. The Intelligent Devices segment had organic sales growth of 29% in the quarter. Segment margin was 21.9%, 500 basis points higher than last year, mainly due to higher sales. This segment did see higher input costs both year-over-year and sequentially, however these costs were largely offset by price. We once again had strong orders performance in the quarter. Intelligent Devices orders grew approximately 65% led by North America and EMEA demand.  Software & Control segment organic sales grew 32% in the quarter. Acquisitions contributed three points to growth. Segment margin was 25.2%, which was 270 basis points above last year. The margin benefit from higher sales was partially offset by higher investment spend. These investments relate primarily to software development and additional sales resources to drive revenue growth in fiscal year 2022 and beyond. Software & Control orders also grew strong double digits led by Logix, which grew double digits in all regions. Organic sales of the Lifecycle Services segment grew 17% year-over-year, led by Life Sciences, Food & Beverage, and Semiconductor. Acquisitions contributed about 1.5% to growth. Operating margin for this segment was 10.3%, an increase of 60 basis points compared to last year. This increase was primarily due to higher sales partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation. Third quarter book-to-bill performance for the Lifecycle Services segment was 1.18.  The next Slide 11, provides the ADJUSTED EPS walk from Q3 fiscal 2020 to Q3 fiscal 2021. Starting on the left. Core performance had a positive impact of approximately $1.65, primarily due to higher sales and favorable mix. We did see higher input costs this quarter compared to a year ago, which we have been offsetting with targeted price increases throughout the year. Approximately, $0.10 was related to non-recurring accelerated investments that we announced earlier this year. These investments are mostly in our Software & Control segment. Currency contributed about $0.05. Incentive compensation, and the reversal of the temporary pay reductions, was a year-over-year headwind of approximately $0.55, of which bonus was $0.40 and temporary pay actions $0.15. As a reminder, there was no bonus expense in Q3 of fiscal 2020. Acquisitions were about $0.05 dilutive as we expected.  Moving to Slide 12, quarterly product order trends. This slide shows our average daily order trends for our products, which includes our software portfolio. The trends shown here account for about two-thirds of our overall sales. Order intake improved again this quarter. Q3 product order levels grew year-on-year as well as sequentially and are at an all-time high; particularly strong areas were in Logix and Motion. Not included on this slide are orders for the Lifecycle Services segment, which were up double digits in the quarter both sequentially and year-over-year. The overall strong order performance resulted in total company backlog of over $2 billion, growing over 50% year-over-year.  This takes us to Slide 13, updated guidance. We are increasing our organic sales growth outlook to 8%, which is a one-point increase from the previous mid-point of 7%. We expect currency translation to now contribute about 2.5 points to growth, and we still expect acquisitions to contribute about 1.5%. In total, we are forecasting reported sales to be about $7.1 billion or up 12%. We have also updated the adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $9.10 to $9.30. This new range now includes about $0.15 of transaction fees related to the pending Plex acquisition. I’ll review the bridge from the prior guidance mid-point of $9.15 to the new mid-point of $9.20 on the next slide.  Segment operating margin is now expected to be approximately 20%. This represents a 50-basis point increase from prior guidance and primarily reflects higher sales partially offset by additional bonus expense. We continue to expect positive price/costs for the full year. Our adjusted effective tax rate is still expected to be about 14%, the same as prior guidance. This includes a 200-basis point annual benefit related to discrete items which we expect to realize in Q4. We believe our normalized adjusted effective tax rate is around 18%. Given our strong generation of free cash flow through the first three quarters, we are now projecting free cash flow conversion to be above 105% of adjusted income. A few additional comments on fiscal 2021 guidance. Corporate and Other Expense is expected to be about $135 million, and now includes about $20 million primarily from the transaction-related fees and expenses anticipated for the pending acquisition of Plex. Net interest expense for fiscal 2021 is now expected to be about $95 million to $100 million and now reflects the expected incremental interest of about $5 million related to new debt for the pending acquisition of Plex. Finally, we’re assuming average diluted shares outstanding of 117.1 million shares.  This takes us to Slide 14. This slide bridges the mid-point of our April adjusted EPS guidance range to the mid-point of our new guidance. Starting on the left, there is a higher contribution from core operating performance, primarily due to the higher organic sales and increase in margin. The contribution from currency is now expected to be $0.05 higher compared to prior guidance. Next, given the increase in guidance, there is about a $0.15 impact from higher bonus expense. Full-year bonus expense is now expected to be approximately $175 million. Given our projected full year performance this bonus is higher than the initial fiscal year 2021 target of about approximately $115 million. For comparison, this was zero for fiscal year 2020. Finally, we now have about a $0.15 impact coming from the pending acquisition of Plex, which we anticipate will close in Q4. This brings the new midpoint of the guidance range to $9.20.  Finally, a few more comments on Plex, turning now to page 15. Plex will be reported in our Software & Control segment and be a part of our Information Solutions & Connected Services portfolio of offerings. We are forecasting that in fiscal year 2022, it will generate $175 million of ARR, $160 million of revenue after the adjustment for deferred revenue, and a neutral impact to earnings per share. About $0.35 of incremental EPS from operations is forecasted to fully offset the deferred revenue adjustment, integration expenses, and incremental interest expense. We expect fiscal year 2023 revenues to be above $200 million with a meaningful contribution to EPS in fiscal year 2023. We have included further details in the appendix on the financial impact of Plex in fiscal year 2021 and 2022. With that, I’ll hand it back to Blake for some additional comments. 
Blake Moret : Thanks, Nick. Once again, strong order trends and record backlog underpin a robust top line outlook, and we have confidence in our team’s ability to navigate the supply chain challenges. And we continue to invest in our future. The combination of our software portfolio with our controllers, Intelligent Devices, and Lifecycle Services creates unique value for customers across Discrete, Hybrid, and Process end markets. Our momentum would not be possible without the tremendous efforts of our employees. I’d like to thank everyone at Rockwell, and particularly the people in our Integrated Supply Chain organization, who have done a great job managing pandemic challenges and now mitigating our sourcing constraints. We’re leveraging our own manufacturing expertise to help customers be more resilient, agile, and sustainable. Let me now pass the baton back to Jessica and we’ll begin the Q&A session. 
Jessica Kourakos : Thanks Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Rene, let's take our first question. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to understand, first of all, how we should be thinking about operating leverage over the let's say the next sort of 12 to 18 months, realizing the current quarter there is a heavy headwind from incentive compensation, and probably some headwinds as well from trying to manage supply chain constraints and component costs. Just wondered how quickly those sorts of items you think should fade as we move beyond this current fiscal quarter and when you look at the business mix, how we should think about sort of operating leverage, please?
Blake Moret: Hey Julian, first, just to around out 2021 as far as operating leverage, and we often at Rockwell talk about our core conversion, we see full year 2021 being right in the range of the 30% to 35% core conversion that we often talk about. As far as thinking about the future, of course, we'll say more about that in November at our Investor Day. But like one way to think about it is, there's several things, nothing drives our operating margin like top line growth, and given our 30% to 35% core conversion, we think that's still a helpful way to think about it. And that implies that we would expect our margins to expand next year. But of course, I'm going to give -- we will give more detail about that at our Investor Day in November.
Julian Mitchell: Perfect, thanks very much. And then just, as we're thinking about the automotive end market within Discrete, very, very strong growth of 50% I think you delivered in the third quarter year-on-year, just wondered if you could update us sort of as you're looking into 2022, what portion of your backlog, perhaps if there is such a thing in auto is related to EV, and how you think about the sustainability of that auto CAPEX rebounds? 
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, Julian, we think that about two thirds of the capital projects that we're currently seeing in automotive have EV content. And EV power train is quickly passing the power train business we're seeing for internal combustion engines as a part of the mix within automotive. And we see that trend continuing and probably accelerating as new entrants into the EV market, either the established brand owners and then the startups are bringing their products to market. And our sales are, of course, directly to those brand owners, as well as all of the tier suppliers, like Wipro Power that we mentioned a little bit earlier. So around the world, we're very positive, very bullish on our portfolio. And quite frankly, we think Plex is going to help that with tier suppliers, because that's one of their strengths, providing their smart manufacturing platform to tier automotive suppliers. So we see this trend continuing. And we're expecting strength going into the next fiscal year in order. 
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys and Jessica. 
Jessica Kourakos: Morning. 
Scott Davis: I'm kind of intrigued just to follow-up on Julian's question there. I mean, these EV projects, I mean, how do they compare versus ice and like complexity, and scope? And, any different dynamics, like if are the less suppliers, more suppliers, more competition, less competition, just any additional color you can give there be helpful, I think?
Blake Moret: Sure. For Rockwell, there's actually upside to an EV project versus a traditional internal combustion engine. So starting with the drive train, a lot of our independent cart technology wins for precision motion control have actually been on the battery and the drive train side, if you will, for EV where traditionally in internal combustion engines, Rockwell has had a smaller content. That may not be true for some of the other suppliers who have a traditional revenue stream for CNC or what have you, but we don't and so we're not losing business in that transition. It's a net positive for us.  On the software side, the EV manufacturers are adopting right from the start MES software as a necessary element of their production scheduling system. And so whereas 10 years ago or so, it was seen as a nice to have, but not necessarily a requirement with these new facilities coming online MES is seen as a necessary part of the bill of material, if you will. And then you combine all the other pieces of putting a vehicle together, that remained the same. So you still have to stamp and paint metal, you assemble the components, you test them at the end of the line, and so on. And those are all applications that Rockwell has good offerings for.  In terms of the competitive landscape, as you would expect, the usual suspects are there in terms of the traditional part of the vehicle manufacturing and assembly. On the battery and in the electric vehicle drive train, very heavy Asian content; China, Japan, Korea. And so I'd say it's even more international with a bias towards Asia in some of those new elements. And we've put together good teams for tracking and pursuing these projects that span across multiple countries.
Scott Davis: That's really helpful. And you've increasingly become more bullish, like on independent cart, kind of almost every call here for the last year. Are there -- how does this scale out, I mean, could you actually do a full Amazon style kind of warehouse and independent cart, is that even possible, does it scale to that size?
Blake Moret: There's lots more applications within say, an Amazon fulfillment center that can be accomplished through independent cart. Today, those pieces of their overall facility are typically being provided by multiple of our customers. So you don't see necessarily one single sub supplier to them, providing all of the conveyance and sortation, and so on. And so we're working with some of the big ones, of course, whose names you would recognize. But there's also a whole host of integrators and machinery builders with a good idea, though, that Amazon is bringing into their ecosystem. And so we're working with a lot of these smaller suppliers. And I would also add, this isn't just for the big e-commerce giants. Now, this is for the big box retailers who are also looking to automate their material handling, the Walmarts of the world are also looking at these solutions at their individual locations, where they're bringing in tremendous amounts of material to try to get in the right place more efficiently than ever before. But we see almost limitless opportunity just in the e-commerce area for additional adoption of independent cart. And as we've talked about, we see independent cart wins in other applications outside of e-commerce. We see it in Life Sciences, we see it and Food and Beverage Packaging, given scalability and flexibility that manufacturers could never see before. And then we have some, let's say, more unusual applications, like the one we talked about with the U.S. Navy a few quarters ago. 
Scott Davis: Excellent. Good luck, guys. Thank you. 
Blake Moret: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning to you. 
Blake Moret: Hey Josh. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just a follow-up on I guess, what might be several questions on orders and backlog. Blake say you have another quarter here with pretty healthy order intake, you reference that that over 2 billion of backlog up a lot year-over-year, anything about this cycle or the complexion of Greenfield and Brownfield that you guys are seeing that would make that shippable over a longer period of time than usual, obviously, you guys have sort of a reputation for being more short cycle, but how is that evolving and over what timeframe would you view that backlog is sort of a shippable number? 
Blake Moret: Yeah, I would I would not look at this backlog as being longer-term shippable based on the mix of industries or projects. The longest backlog orders that we get are typically in solutions, and that's the part of the business that's actually getting a little bit slower to recover. So there's nothing in that mix that would indicate that these backlog increases are due to some, special case with respect to higher project content or what have you. It's really due to just the dramatic surge that we have seen and seen sustained over the last few quarter in orders, coupled with supply chain constraints. But we've given you the color about the individual verticals that it's coming from. And it's a great balance that, it has been across Discrete and Hybrid. And now, the process markets are starting to kick in a bit there. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it, it's helpful. And then just a follow-up on some of the moving pieces on the cost side for you Nick. I think last quarter or maybe some earlier quarters there was a bit of a talk on some of the investments being kind of frontloaded for 2021 to whether maybe that's a bit more of a tailwind to the 2022. If we had to add up the investments and the incentive comp fees, is that something that leveled out on a normalized basis or is there still some kind of catch up or get back where you start off next year in the plus column?
Nick Gangestad: Yeah, Josh, in terms of our investments for full year 2021, we expect our total investments to go up about 2% for the full year. And that's really more back end loaded. I said last quarter, that we expected year-on-year the investments to go up between $90 million and $100 million, compared to the second half of 2020. Our best estimate now is it's going to go up $85 million year-on-year for the second half. So I'd call it more back end loaded than front end loaded up of our investments. And then in terms of investment spending next year, Josh, again it's early, but I don't see any reason to think that it would not be fairly evenly spread over the year. I don't see any big seasonality impacting next year in our investment spend.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys. 
Blake Moret: Hey Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, I'm sure you don't want to give us too much on 2022 at this point, but given orders are so much higher and they keep trending up, what kind of confidence at this point do your order trends give you in delivering organic growth in FYI 2022, that could be close to 2021 or at least at or above your two times industrial production target?
Blake Moret: Well, without saying too much about 2022 until November, we're very positive on where we are. The orders momentum, the backlog that we expect to largely shift as we get closer to normal levels through the balance of the year, our ability to compete and win in competitive projects across the world, and across the verticals. I think it's a great setup. And it should bode well for our growth and performance going into the next year and beyond.
Andy Kaplowitz: That's helpful and maybe just focusing on process markets, obviously you're seeing especially in chemicals, giving you monthly raise your 2021 forecasts and some improved growth, but you're starting to see more significant improvement yet in oil and gas, what's your confidence level and sort of more of a typical later cycle recovery for process as you go forward?
Blake Moret: Yeah, we continue to see optimism for oil and gas as it always seems to do lagging the earlier cycle Discrete businesses. But we grew year-over-year and sequentially in oil and gas. We expect another quarter of growth in oil and gas in the fourth quarter. And while there's still a lot of uncertainty, these are projects around the world and we're continuing to watch COVID infections and those are continuing to be a concern for us. We think we're in a good spot with oil and gas and some of the comments from some of the earlier cycle oil and gas operators, the people who are providing drilling technology as well as oilfield services, those generally lead the impact on our business by say six or nine months. And so we are optimistic that some of the early signs that we saw this quarter in oil and gas are going to persist and pick up. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it Blake. 
Blake Moret: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, good morning. I'm on for Nigel Co. My question will be looking at the investment question again, I was still looking at the 35 million tailwind and for the incentive stores around 30 million for 2022?
Blake Moret: In terms of the tailwind for 2022, I mean, we're not yet in a position where we're sharing guidance on what we expect investment spend to be for 2022. But our total investment spend this year is going up approximately 2%, very much like our -- what we've seen in prior years. As far as headwinds and tailwind, I didn't quite catch all of that. But, for instance, it would be more likely that our bonus is back in a more normal zone of what I talked about during earlier on this call. That's an example. But I won't necessarily say investments will necessarily go down or not repeat. The one exception is we have temporary investments, these accelerated investments with $30 million, that is going exactly as we anticipated. That's $30 million in the second half of the year, about $10 million of that we spent in the third quarter of $20 million we're anticipating in the fourth quarter. Those will not repeat into 2022 and we did those investments to accelerate our growth in 2022. And then the last point is, as I said earlier with Julian's question, it's our expectation that margins will be expanding in fiscal year 2022.
Unidentified Analyst : Got you. And another one was that in terms of the orders momentum, you mentioned, it's not as long cycle. Do you have any idea when the conversion will happen into sales?
Blake Moret: Well, obviously, we're seeing good sales rates that were above our expected expectations in Q3. And that led us to raise the guidance of organic growth at the midpoint for this year. And we expect that we'll be shifting the backlog through the balance of 2022 getting us closer towards, more normal backlog levels. Backlog will be up in Q4 a little bit, but not as market increase as we saw in Q3.
Unidentified Analyst : Appreciate it. Thank you. 
Blake Moret: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Hi, good morning. 
Blake Moret: Good morning, Steve. 
Stephen Tusa: Thanks as usual for all the details. Just wanted to -- maybe I might have missed the comment on incentive comp, what is normal, just mechanically, what do you think is normal incentive comp, kind of relative to the level that you're performing at this year?
Blake Moret: Yeah, Steve we started the year with our planned compensation, which is what we would consider our normal amounts of $115 million. Given our expectation of exceeding that performance, we're currently expecting total bonus expense this year to be approximately $175 million.
Stephen Tusa: Okay, so just mechanically, we should assume that next year you'd get a $60 million tailwind from that?
Blake Moret: I think that's a pretty fair assumption.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just for the investments, I mean, so should we kind of think about investments up 2 and then and then remove the 30 million, so is that kind of the profile for investments going forward, at least, for next year?
Blake Moret: You know, in terms of the investments, yeah, the 30 million you should think of that is something that we're not planning to repeat. But we still haven't given our guidance here. We're working through a lot of things of how we want to, what we want to invest on in 2022. But yes, your assumption of taking 30 million out of what we've done this year, that's the way we've been saying that and I agree with that approach.
Stephen Tusa: Okay, so something like it's like 60 million plus, the 30 million and then we have to kind of make up our minds on how much kind of the core investment account goes up and that's kind of the profile for those costs?
Blake Moret: I think the best way is to look to November when we're going to be able to provide more detail for this. 
Stephen Tusa: Okay, I won't ask you for the date of that. That would be the follow up but one more question for you just on this orders. Sorry, on the Plex deal. That's a pretty big growth number in 2023, is there something to do with the accounting around deferred revenues on that front because 30% seems to be a pretty dramatic acceleration as to where this company has been in the past? And then how much of their revenue is actually like, pure MES that's really kind of detached from their kind of ERP core? And thanks for the details again.
Blake Moret: Yeah, just so a couple of things. I'll start and Nick may have some additional comments. First of all, the figure in 2023 is after the adjusted adjustments for deferred revenue, that impact the revenue in 2021, and 2022. So you don't see the deferred revenue adjustment in 2023. So we're not looking for 30% top line growth in 2023. But we will not be seeing the deferred revenue adjustments carrying into that year. And then in terms of the mix of Plex’s offering. So they offer a modular smart manufacturing platform, and it has ERP, it has MES, it has quality management, it has supply chain. And so particularly when you're talking to small and medium sized manufacturers, now they don't have big, centralized engineering resources to take a bunch of disparate software applications, and hope that they knit together. And so Plex offers an integrated suite of those modules. MES is a large portion of it, they have ERP and those other applications I mentioned, but they've done some good work over the last couple of years to modularize their offerings, so that a customer isn't forced to buy what they don't want. We will continue to support all these applications for the customers who've already bought them. And we're going to be helping Plex as they expand the introduction of the offering outside of the U.S., as well as to other industries, like food and beverage and pharmaceuticals, that they haven't had as much exposure to in the past. 
Stephen Tusa: Got it. 
Nick Gangestad: Hey Steve, just to make sure you're seeing it in the appendix, we've provided some additional detailed breaking out 2022, for Plex and that shows the underlying revenue and then the deferred revenue adjustment or actually a range on that that we're anticipating. That we provide that so you can put it in context of how to think about that growth that we're showing. 
Stephen Tusa: Right. That's super helpful. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: We have one last question from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Noah Kaye: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. I guess just following up on that, would love to hear some of the responses that you've been getting to the Plex announcement, both from the customer base and internally. And I think there have been some questions about on-prem versus cloud migration for a lot of these manufacturing customers. You've got another arrow coming in the quiver but you also have your own broad portfolio of offerings, some of which are, of course, legacy, and prime, and some of which are moving to the cloud. So can you just talk a little about the responses and what you think customers are going to be trying to figure out and how you think you can help them over the coming quarters and years?
Blake Moret: Sure, Noah, thanks for the question. Look, on the day that we announced it, I got a lot of unsolicited feedback from both employees and customers that I've developed relationships with over the years. And they were really excited, thrilled about what we were bringing in. They felt like it made great sense and it added what we can offer to compliment the core automation that they've been buying from us for years or in some cases, where they're trying to decide who their digital transformation partner is. With this, what we have, and this is something we've talked about for a long time, an approach that meets customers where they are on their journey. We're still going to sell a lot of on-premise software. And customers have made investments there and they want to see a migration path. And our MES orders have production center based MES continue to grow and those orders get larger, and we continue to see lots of runway for that software for customers who have decided they want an on-premise solution.  But we have the opportunity for customers who have made a decision that they're going to start working with these applications with cloud native software. And they're ready to start working there, to build on Plex’s great customer base and introduce it to those customers who said, they're ready to look at that as well. And so having that approach, it all comes back to that theme of an open approach where we're not forcing one philosophy down a customer's throat. And we're telling them, we can meet them where they are on their journey. We'd like for that data to be coming from Rockwell core automation components but as we've talked about before, a lot of this software we fully expect is going to give us a way in into competitive strongholds where we're not currently the supplier of the core automation. And we're going to be providing the value at the software and then working on the automation pieces as well. So it's going to be a bold approach and we're thrilled about the new ways to win that Plex gives us.
Noah Kaye: Okay, thanks, Blake. Let me ask one more question. I don't think it was addressed too much on this call, but you mentioned both in the press release and I think it in the prepared remarks, some of the supply chain constraints, and I was wondering if we can get a little bit more color around where you see the supply chain pressures really still manifesting for Rockwell internally, and what that looks like over the coming couple of quarters? But then also, if you can just touch on what impact this is maybe still having on demand, I mean, I got to imagine for any ops or production planner, is this reramp is like drinking from a firehose every day. And so just wondering to what extent you're seeing your customers demand or kind of CAPEX plans somewhat being held back by just the challenges of the ramping?
Blake Moret: Sure. So in the quarter, we saw a little bit of an impact on supply chain in automotive, MRO. It was a small amount and we did not see that affecting capital projects or other industries. And we still believe that while this is something that our customers, operations, and supply chain organizations are going to continue to be working on for the foreseeable future, it's not going to crimp the supply going forward. And in fact, it's probably lessening with respect to automotive from what we may have seen earlier in the year. The part of the supply chain constraints that we're thinking about are in terms of converting our own backlog. And I've mentioned specifically that our supply chain organization, I think, is doing a terrific job navigating this, but it's not going to be over in the next quarter. We're going to continue to be dealing with these supply chain constraints for the foreseeable future and we're looking at how do we deal with these on a short term basis, but also on a longer term basis. And I would say electronic components are a piece of that. Some of this is, just simply brought on by the extremely sharp recovery in demand that we've seen, and that we continue to see in orders. But then there's also the labor and we have to make sure that we're a great destination for labor, in our plants, in our supply chain organization, in our development teams and so on across the organization. Because as you know, it's a very hard, it's a very active labor market right now. Again, I think we're doing a great job with that. We have really good collaboration across all parts of the organization to make sure that we're pulling together so that when people are considering Rockwell as a destination, that we come out on top. So it's those two areas, I would say, but again, in terms of the demand, we're really not seeing a significant dampening of demand brought on by our customers supply chain constraints. 
Noah Kaye: That's extremely helpful. Thanks so much. 
Blake Moret: Yeah. Thanks, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over back to Ms. Kourakos. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks Rene. Well, thanks everyone for joining us today. I know it's a very, very busy day for earnings, but we appreciate your interest and support and we'll see you all, we will see you soon. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; Nick Gangestad, our CFO; and Steve Etzel, our Senior Vice President of Finance. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. Webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Supplemental information related to our new business segments can be found in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company. Actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Jessica. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Slide three. Strong orders momentum we saw last quarter accelerated and broadened across verticals in fiscal Q2 surpassed $2 billion, which is a new record. Organic orders grew double-digits from last year's orders. As you may recall, COVID did not significantly impact our business until the June quarter of last year. Total reported sales grew 6%, including a two-point contribution from recent acquisitions, including Awesome, Kalypso and Fiix. Organic sales grew a little over 1% versus prior year, despite significant supply chain constraints. Manufacturing supply chain continues to be stressed by sharply increased demand, along with various well public-sized defense surrounding the world and have reduced output and narrowed freight lanes. We'll continue to navigate these challenges in the coming months, take measures to continue increasing supply chain resiliency. I'll now comment on our topline performance by business segment. Intelligent Devices organic sales increased 6%, led by strong broad-based demand for our automation products. Our motion control offering continues to shine up double-digits. CPG companies continue to add packaging flexibility. Software & Control organic sales also grew 6%, led by strong demand across this segment. We saw growth in Logix control, visualization, hardware and software, network and security infrastructure across the balance of our FactoryTalk software portfolio. Net sales growth over 12% for the segment in the quarter. Orders for the Intelligent Devices and Software & Control business segments totaled strong double-digits year-over-year and sequentially. Turning to Lifecycle Services, organic sales declined 11% versus the prior year, primarily impacted by weaker performance in oil and gas. On a sequential basis, revenue and orders grew mid-single-digits; expect continued sequential sales improvement in this segment -- balance of the year. Information Solutions & Connected Services had another strong quarter. Organic sales and orders were double-digits contribution across a variety of end markets. This quarter's orders also included a number of meaningful software and infrastructure-as-a-service, multiyear wins for some of the world's largest food and beverage manufacturers. This included Kraft heinz, where we actively monitor our industrial network and cybersecurity environments. These wins also contribute to ARR, which grew double-digits year-over-year. Total backlog grew strong double-digits on an organic basis, both year-over-year and sequentially. Turning to profitability. Segment operating margin of 22% and adjusted EPS of $2.41 were above expectations and overcame headwinds from the reinstatement of the bonus and higher costs related to supply chain constraints. Stronger volume, favorable business mix, timing of spending, all contributed to our strong profit performance in the quarter as we continue to increase our business resiliency. Let's now turn to slide 4, where I'll provide a few highlights of our Q2 end market performance. Figures are for organic sales. We had a very good growth from discrete industry segment, high single-digit sales growth significantly above our expectations. Within this industry segment, automotive sales were in line with expectations. Declining mid single-digits versus a strong prior year period when auto grew by over 20%. We continue to estimate 10% organic sales growth for the year in this vertical, as MRO continues to grow and as an increasing number of capital projects are expected to launch in the second half of the year. Despite chip shortages impacting automotive production, we are not seeing related delays in capital or operational spending for our products. The semiconductor vertical significantly outperformed our expectations this quarter, growing about 15%. We believe strong secular tailwinds, increasing capital spend, broadening share of wallet with customers are all driving our growth and share gains in this vertical. As a result, we are raising our semiconductor growth outlook, approximately 15% for the year, up from our original November guidance of mid single-digit growth. Another highlight within discrete was our performance in e-commerce with sales growing over 70% versus prior year. Once again, our differentiated offering, featuring our independent Cart Technology is enabling e-commerce applications at a growing number of marquee accounts. This vertical has significant secular tailwinds, of course, and has become a bigger growth driver for our overall discrete industry segment. Turning now to our hybrid industry segment. These verticals also had a terrific quarter. Food and beverage grew over 10% as our strong product portfolio enables these customers to efficiently add SKUs as they seek to differentiate their offering and maximize their growth. We saw increased capital spending by food and beverage customers in the quarter. Not surprisingly, packaging OEMs are also very busy. They contributed another quarter of double-digit growth versus the prior year. Life Sciences grew about 15% in Q2, led by strong demand in North America and Asia Pacific. We won an important MES project via during the quarter, opened the dawn AST pharmaceutical company, face the challenge of exporting products that need to comply with FDA regulations. Dawn AST is expecting production efficiency and quality to improve by going paperless through their choice of Rockwell's PharmaSuite MES. Based on the broad-based increase in life sciences demand, the share gains we are seeing in this market. We're raising our view on life sciences and expected to grow about 20% in fiscal 2021. Process markets were down approximately 10% and were weaker than expected, led by larger declines in oil and gas. Process verticals typically lag our discrete business by about half a year. That said, we saw sequential improvement, again, in North America for oil and gas during Q2. Finding customers are also becoming more active. We saw low single-digit growth in the quarter. Turning now to slide 5 and our Q2 organic regional sales performance. North America organic sales grew by 2% versus the prior year, primarily due to strong growth in food and beverage, e-Commerce and Life Sciences. EMEA sales declined 7%, driven by Oil & Gas, metals and auto, partially offset by strength in Food & Beverage. Sales in the Asia Pacific region grew 16%, broad-based growth led by semiconductor, chemicals and Life Sciences. Asia Pacific backlog reached another record high in the quarter. We expect strong sales growth in the region, both the upcoming quarter and full year. In China, we saw over 30% organic growth, driven by strong growth in all three industry segments, including particular strength in EV and semiconductor in discrete, tire, Life Sciences and Food & Beverage and hybrid, mining and chemical and process. We expect growth in China will exceed the company average for the year as our longer cycle businesses kick in. Let's now turn to Slide 6. Highlights for the full year outlook. Orders momentum in the first half of the year expected to drive strong sales growth in the balance of the year, especially as we enter a period of easier comps. Higher top line guidance is driven by improvements during the quarter, our discrete and hybrid industry segments that more than offset incremental declines in process. Our new outlook for total reported sales is over 10% year-over-year growth at the midpoint, including 7% organic growth. Core automation is not the only driver of growth this year, as we also expect double-digit sales growth in Information Solutions & Connected Services. We're seeing good contribution from both organic and inorganic sources. We also expect double-digit ARR growth in fiscal 2021. We expect margins to stay relatively flat with last year, despite the reinstatement of our bonus and the incremental one-time investments we spoke about last quarter that will largely impact the second half. Our new adjusted EPS target, $9.15 at the midpoint of the range, represents over 16% growth compared to the prior year. More detailed view into our outlook by end market is found on Slide 7. I won't go into the details on this slide. But as you can see, we continue to expect broad-based organic sales growth this year with Oil & Gas lagging. Our diversification across higher growth end markets is one aspect of the increasing business resilience that we talked about during the Investor Day in November. With that, let me now turn it over to Nick, who will elaborate on our second quarter performance and updated financial outlook fiscal 2021. Nick?
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. Slide 8, second quarter reported sales were up 5.6% year-over-year. Organic sales were up 1.3%, slightly better than our expectations. Acquisitions contributed 1.9 points of growth and currency translation increased sales by 2.4 points. Segment's operating margin was 22%, flat compared to Q2 of last year. This represents strong underlying improvement considering a $60 million headwind from the year-on-year change in the bonus. Corporate and other expense of $30 million was $12 million higher than last year, primarily due to mark-to-market adjustments related to our deferred [Technical Difficulty]. Adjusted effective tax rate for the second quarter was 16.7% [Technical Difficulty] last year's rate benefited from several larger discrete items. Second quarter adjusted EPS was $2.41, well above our expectations, cover year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge for Q2 on a later slide. [Technical Difficulty] March 31, $674 million remain available [Technical Difficulty] authorization. Slide nine, provides the sales and margin performance overview of our three operating segments. The Intelligent Devices segment had organic sales growth of 5.8% in the quarter. Segment margin was 23.8%, 80 basis points higher than last year, mainly due to higher sales and lower spend, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation. As Blake highlighted earlier, we once again had strong orders performance in the quarter, particularly in our products businesses. Intelligent Devices orders grew approximately 20%, both year-over-year and sequentially. Software & Control segment's organic sales grew 5.6% in the quarter. Acquisitions contributed four points to growth. Segment margin was 29% [Technical Difficulty]. Margin benefit from higher sales was offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation. Software and control orders also grew mid-teens, both year-over-year and sequentially. Organic sales of the LifeCycle Services segment declined 11% year-over-year, as the recovery in this segment continues at a slower pace than our products businesses. Acquisitions contributed [Technical Difficulty]. Operating margin for this segment declined 310 basis points to 9% versus 12.1% a year ago, primarily due to lower sales and the reinstatement of incentive compensation, partially offset by favorable mix and cost savings from actions taken in the prior year. Second quarter book-to-bill performance for the LifeCycle Services segment was 1.19. In the next slide 10 provides the adjusted EPS block from Q2 [Technical Difficulty]. Starting on the left, [Technical Difficulty] positive impact of approximately [Technical Difficulty]. Slide 11 product order trend, slide shows our average daily order trends for our products. [Technical Difficulty]. Order intake for product [Technical Difficulty]. Q2 product order levels grew year-on-year as well as sequentially, they're at an all-time high, particularly strong areas were in [Indiscernible], utilization and Logix. Orders for the life cycle services segment also improved in the quarter sequentially, deliver slower pace than our product order growth. The overall strong order performance resulted in record company backlog, growing over 30% year-over-year, double-digits sequentially. This takes us to slide 12, updated guidance. We are increasing our organic sales growth outlook by one point across the range. The new range is 5.5% to 8.5% with a midpoint of 7%. We expect currency translation to now contribute about 2% to growth. We still expect acquisitions to contribute 1.5%. In total, the midpoint of our reported sales guidance range is 10.5% or about $7 billion. We've also updated the adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $8.95 to $9.35. I'll review the bridge from the prior guidance midpoint to the new $9.15 midpoint on the next slide. Segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 19.5%. This is unchanged from prior guidance and primarily reflects strong Q2 margin performance and the higher sales guidance offset by higher supply chain costs, bonus expense and less favorable currency. As a reminder, second half includes higher spend as well as the incremental one-time software development and sustainability investments that we discussed on last quarter's call. The one-time investments will primarily affect Software & Control segment. Our adjusted effective tax rate is still expected to be about 14%, the same as prior guidance. As previously mentioned, this includes a 300 basis point benefit related to discrete items, which we expect to realize late in the fiscal year. We continue to project free cash flow conversion to be approximately 100% of adjusted income. A few additional comments on fiscal 2021 guidance. Corporate and other expense is expected to be about $110 million. Total purchase accounting amortization expense for the full year is expected to be about $50 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2021 is still expected to be between $90 million and $95 million. And finally, we're still assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 117 million shares. This takes us to slide 13. This slide bridges the midpoint of our January adjusted EPS guidance range to the midpoint of our new guidance. Starting on the left. There's a higher contribution from core operating performance, primarily due to the higher organic sales guidance and favorable mix, partially offset by higher supply chain costs. Contribution from currency is now expected to be $0.10 lower compared to prior guidance. Next, given the increase in guidance, there's about a $0.15 impact from higher bonus expense, which brings the new midpoint of the guidance range to $9.15. Finally, a quick comment regarding the second half, we expect second half year-over-year organic sales growth of about 20%. With that, I'll hand it back to Blake for some additional comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. With a solid first half under our belt, look at the remainder of fiscal 2021 with optimism, strong order trends and record backlog underpin a robust top-line outlook. We have confidence in our team's ability to navigate the supply chain challenges. Looking to our future. We continue to invest in software capabilities, including development, sales resources and infrastructure. These investments support strong growth in our software business and ARR fiscal 2022 and beyond. Our momentum would not be possible without the tremendous efforts of our employees. I'd like to thank everyone at Rockwell, and particularly, our integrated supply chain organization, which has done a great job managing pandemic challenges and now mitigating our sourcing and logistics constraints. We're leveraging our own manufacturing expertise to help customers be more resilient, agile and sustainable. Nobody is better positioned to help our customers deal with these increasingly complex manufacturing challenges and opportunities than Rockwell, and our ecosystem of best-in-class partners. With that, let me make some remarks about Steve Etzel, who is participating in his final earnings call. Steve stepped up during a critical period for us as we pivoted into the early stages of this recovery and accelerated our transformation. An experienced, dedication, hearing for fellow employees is exactly what we needed. Nick and I joined thousands of employees in wishing Steve and Michelle all the best, happy retirement, little adventure time. I now pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and the quick follow-up. And for those of you that had some trouble hearing us on the call, we'll make sure to have the prepared remarks available on our Investor Relations website immediately after the call. With that, let me pass it on to Tanya to start the Q&A. Tanya?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Scott Davis with Melius.
Scott Davis: Good morning, everybody.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning.
Scott Davis: And congrats, Steve on retirement. Good to hear your voice, Nick. Anyways, I -- like this is about the most excited I've heard you on an earnings call in a while. What -- when you think about these big new giant semi projects that have been announced, when do you start submitting RFPs for those? And do you envision that being, kind of, 2022 or 2023 business? I assume none of that is in the new projects are in your increase in forecast in 2021?
Blake Moret: Scott, we are seeing some increased business in semi. I don't know that it's going into the US fabs that have been announced. But with some of these customers, we're already seeing some significant orders, which contributed to semi helping to power the growth in Asia. So it's not just the big fabs going into the US, its activity in other parts of the world, and we're starting to see that now. As far as the US fabs go, I think you're right. I think that's more of a story for next year and beyond. But everybody in that industry is making investments, and we're working hard to maximize our share of wallet at each of those customers.
Scott Davis: Good. And just a quick follow-up. On the incentive comp, is that -- is the run rate guide for 2Q, what we should expect in each of the quarters this year?
Nick Gangestad: So Scott, the run rate that we've been at for the first half is what we should expect for the second half as well. It's a little higher in the actual run rate in the second quarter. Because there's a little bit of catch-up given our added performance, but the run rate we're out through the first half is exactly what we expect to have in the second half.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thank you. Good luck, guys.
Nick Gangestad: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning. Just a question, sort of, longer-term question. What kind of conversations are you having with your customers? We know that short-term things are getting better. You guys are excited about longer-term prospects for US CapEx. But are you starting to have these discussions with your customers about, sort of, longer run CapEx growth in North America?
Blake Moret: Andrew, I do believe that this is the beginning of a sustained period of expansion in the North American manufacturing economy. The breadth of the orders that we're seeing, the mix of supply for existing operations plus expansions and then the occasional greenfield gives us a lot of confidence that we are seeing a sustained period of growth. And we're having those discussions across various industries. You look at EV, there's no chance of that slowing down. You look at semiconductor for the obvious reasons as they're increasing capacity, e-commerce with the secular tailwinds there; life sciences, food and beverage, the return of oil and gas. All of those are areas that we have significant exposure to. And we expect that, that's going to sustain for a period of time.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question. How do you adjust your own supply chain and manufacturing footprint to be able to service this, which seems to be a structural increase for a while?
Blake Moret: Well, you look at increasing single points of failure in the supply chain, both on the part of our suppliers, as well as in our own internal operations. In some cases, that's done in supply. In other cases, it's redundant lines within our own operations. When it comes to areas where there's engineering required for specific projects, more work in terms of remote operations, to be able to go deeper in the commissioning process. Remotely, final acceptance testing, does it require the same degree of travel that it once did. And looking carefully at sizing our operations and inserting the agility, including our own automation to be able to maximize the number of different products that can come off a single line. So you look at the same kind of packaging flexibility that's driving the strong double-digit growth packaging to OEMs. We're incorporating a lot of those same concepts and our own operations, including our manufacturing, just down the hall from where we are right now in Milwaukee.
Andrew Obin: Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question is from John Inch with Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I'd like to start on taxes. Rockwell carries, I think, the lowest tax rate in multi-industry or very close to that. If items drive to raise U.S. corporate taxes exceeds, are there tax levers Rockwell can pull to offset, what would appear to be, possibly a disproportionately negative impact for your company?
Nick Gangestad: John, as far as levers we would pull, I mean it is still a little early to say exactly what we would be doing. But we continue to look at how we would best optimize our supply chain and servicing our customers and what that would mean for our -- ultimately for our taxes. But in terms of other levers, I think we're just waiting to see how this materializes. As far as the impact it will have, like we've shared in the past in our 10-K, the components that this -- of our current tax rate and certainly, a higher tax rate would impact us, but also components like FDII and GILTI. And those are the provisions we're really waiting to see more specifics of what it ends up looking like to really know how this will impact us in total, and whether there are any additional levers we can go after.
John Inch: Well, Nick, based on your understanding of what's being proposed, because it's all there on the web, right? Rockwell's success in having lowered its tax rate, presumably through international -- your international operations and the way you're structured. Is any of that prospectively more at risk versus simply you being in the same boat and your U.S. taxes will rise along with everyone else. I don't think anyone's that concerned if Rockwell's U.S. taxes go up the same as everybody else's, because it is what it is. It's more to the question of the opportunity to maintain disproportionately lower tax rate based on your success of having achieved this, are there provisions that you understand that could be sort of tackling those areas? And can you do something about that type of thing?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. So, yes, you're exactly right, John. If there's an increase in the tax rate, that will impact us as I presume it will impact others fairly proportionately. What we see in what's been written that has an impact on what we have as an advantage in relatively low GILTI rate and some benefits from FDII. We're still waiting for any kind of information of theirs replacing FDII, if there's any incentives that are going to be put in place to be encouraging U.S. based manufacturing, which Rockwell does have a significant base of U.S. manufacturing. And then in the end, John, just making a bit broader macro changes to U.S. tax policy that ultimately do encourage more U.S. based manufacturing, that's ultimately benefiting our underlying business as well, given our strong presence that we have in the U.S.
John Inch: Yes. No, I agree with that. Just then lastly, Nick, in the short time you've been at Rockwell, I'm wondering if you could talk about best practices or accomplishments you'd like to, say, bring over or see adopted based on your many years at 3M?
Nick Gangestad: Hey, John, thanks for that question. So let me just describe it this way. What am I seeing as priorities? And then what I'm observing in the company? First, from a priority standpoint, a high degree of priority in my early days here on execution. There's a lot of moving parts in the world and in this company and making sure that our company delivers from an execution perspective, that's a high priority. And then Rockwell has some very sound strategies about how to be continuing to increase our importance on our customers as the world of automation changes and industrial automation changes. And my focus is going to be how do we best realize those strategies and make those happen. Now, John, part of your question, just early observations, a great company. And one of the things I find very refreshing and positive, this is a company full of engineers. Engineers focused on productivity. And that kind of productivity enables opportunity for investment. So I find a very healthy balance here of what are we doing to drive productivity, but also how do we invested for future growth.
John Inch: Got it. Thanks, Nick. Thanks, Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Just wanted to highlight maybe on the segment margin outlook. So it looks like in the second half, you're implying a segment margin down slightly year-on-year, despite the very high organic growth of 20%. So I understand what's going on with incentive comp, but maybe just on investment spend, remind us sort of the scale of that investment in the second half. If there's any specific weighting between the two quarters that are left? And whether there's any sort of carryover investment spend into next year as an increase?
Nick Gangestad: Yes. As far as the year-over-year margin, so comparing second half of 2020 to the second half of 2021. Those margins are going to -- as you just said, are going to be pretty similar. And some of the things that will be improving that margin year-over-year is the growth, which you just mentioned, some added price and also we'll be benefiting from some of the action -- structural actions that we've taken over the last 18 months. What will be depressing that or bringing that margin back down to year-on-year, more or less flat, is this bonus impact, which we've talked about, some rising input costs and then the investments that was, I think, really the heart of your question. And the investment spending that we're doing, and I'll put it in perspective for you. For the second quarter, our investment spending was down a couple of percentage points from the second quarter last year. For the full year, we expect them to be up 2.5 percentage points versus full year 2020. And those are coming from the investments that we've talked about with you already. Some of it the onetime accelerated software development expenses that we're funding, and that's going to be happening fairly evenly in the last two quarters of the year. But we're also investing in added growth platforms. That's been part of the plan. Some of that involves hiring and projects. And just as a little bit of color, we did see a $5 million to $10 million shift of spending from the -- that we intended to have in the second quarter, shifting into the second half of the year, primarily due to higher -- a bit higher -- bit delay in hiring as well as some project delays, not changing our overall spending plan but shifting a little of that in the second half of the year. So overall, we're expecting a noticeable uptick in investments in the second half of the year. As far as the run rate into next year, some of that will be trailing off. We've been very careful about some of these incremental investments, particularly the ones we talked about last quarter, that they will -- they are temporary one-time and will not be carrying forward into 2022. And all that into our second half EPS assumption, which more or less is unchanged from what we were saying a quarter ago.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you, Nick. And maybe just a follow-up question around life cycle services trends. The sales were down, I think, low double-digit last quarter. But a book-to-bill of almost 1.2. So maybe characterize for us what kind of recovery slope we should see in LifeCycle Services from here?
Blake Moret: Yes. Let me just make the general comment, and then Nick can add additional color. But LifeCycle Services' backlog is up year-over-year and sequentially. And so, we are expecting sequential improvements through Q3 and Q4.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. And -- Yes, as Blake just said, it will -- we continue to expect it to get better. We do expect for the full year, it will not be growing as fast as our other 2 segments.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thanks very much and I wish Steve all the best. Thank you.
Nick Gangestad: Thank you, Julian.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Just maybe 2 for me. First on supply disruptions, and I'm sorry if I missed it, you were cutting out a lot at the beginning. But can you just elaborate a little bit what you saw in the quarter, and we did pick up some things in our survey that suggested you were having some problems delivering PLCs and other things. Can you just give us a little bit of color on where your -- whether that's accurate, where you're at on kind of untangling that and was there any kind of discernible negative top line impact from supply disruptions either in the quarter or in your outlook for the back half?
Blake Moret: Yes, Jeff, we factored supply chain constraints into our outlook. So there is an impact. And I think it's the things that you're hearing about throughout the industry that are affecting us like other manufacturers. So certainly, electronic components, including chips are in short supply, seeing other mechanical products and materials, sized strengths with resins that are used in a variety of manufacturing processes based on some of the bad weather, a little shorter-term than some of these other issues. Freight lanes continue to be narrow. And so seeing constricted building to transport products would be another area. We've done a nice job of having the necessary labor in [Technical Difficulty] so we really kept to an absolute minimum in our manufacturing operations, we still hire more. We've added several hundred people last quarter. And so that part is shared. But we're going to continue to be very dynamic situation based on sharply increased demand as well as others. And we're working with customers to minimize the disruption.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And just on the investment spend, I understand there's some identifiable things you're doing that might be a little bit larger than the typical project. But it doesn't strike me that a 2.5% increase in investment spend for the year is unusual, but you're kind of suggesting it is as part of this margin construct. So perhaps, I have that wrong, but 2.5% growth in investment spend, I think, would be about $50 million, that kind of dovetails to the $0.35 you talked about in the back half on the software deals. Is there something else in that equation? Maybe you could just frame the kind of the normal trajectory of investment spend?
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, I think the part of that, that I just want to make sure is clear is that, that increase in investment spend is all second half. In fact, more than all in the second half because year-on-year the first half, it was down. So just as we look sequentially first half to second half, we're seeing that sequentially going up, brings the full year to that $50 million that you're talking about of the year-on-year change, but more than all of that change is coming in the second half.
Jeff Sprague: Got it. Thank you. Understood.
Operator: Your next question is from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Hi, Andy.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Steve, congrats. Welcome, Nick. So you mentioned the big March order you had in your order trends, which makes two out of the last three quarters that you've called out larger orders. So given your focus, for instance, on independent card, which does tend to attract large orders, an increased focus on e-commerce. At what point are these larger orders more the rule than the exception? And then could you talk about the cadence of your Q2 orders ex the large order? In March, did you see a continued pickup in orders throughout the quarter?
Blake Moret: Andy, let me start by saying, I hope you're right, and I hope seeing these large orders across different industries and different offerings becomes the rule rather than the exception. We are happy to see it. And the most recent one, as you said, was in e-commerce. We traditionally haven't called out in as much specificity the orders development from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter. We thought during the pandemic, it made sense to give you that additional visibility. And it does show developing dynamic of having some of these large orders -- industries and in some cases, non-traditional offerings, so it gives us more ways to win. And so we're looking at that. We have seen a little bit of an uptick in large orders in general that began in Q2, and we would expect that to continue as our life cycle services segment kicks in, and that is where a fairly good proportion, our bigger traditional projects are home grown. So we do expect more of that to come. Majority of our business continues to be more run rate. We used to say $3 million to $5 million was a pretty big project for us. But now we're seeing an increasing frequency of bigger ones.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, that's helpful. And then you hired several new leaders, including Nick, a few months ago. We know Scott and Brian have different roles, but both seem focused on improving and accelerating Rock software sales, annual recurring revenue. So maybe it's early days, but could you talk about the impact they're having so far on that side of the business? And we just focus on Software & Control. It obviously, has easy comparisons in the second half of your fiscal year, but it's already growing 12% in Q2. So is the expectation at this point that this segment could be a double-digit grower through maybe '22?
Blake Moret: I won't comment specifically on '22, but I really like the idea that our highest margin segment is also fastest growing, so that's a nice place to be. I've been very happy with the new perspectives that our new execs have brought to the organization and the way that the organization has embraced them. That's not easy to do, is to bring people in at a senior position into a well-established company with a long culture, a strong culture. But I've been very happy with the way that we brought in those new perspectives into the organization. Brian is focused on increasing the frequency and the impact of new product introductions, particularly around software. Scott's focused on doing the things to focus our sales force on delivering outcomes to customers and increasing our annual recurring revenue, great experience that he brings and high credibility as he works with our sales force. And obviously, as Nick said earlier, that the financial organization analyze the execution of this strategy are all good things.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Hi, Steve. Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for all the details. The slide deck is very straightforward and a lot of very informative. So easy to digest. Thank you for that. Appreciate it. The $2 billion in orders, I think that's like the total absolute number for the quarter, correct? And I mean, that's a relatively -- obviously, a big number. How do you see that kind of playing out over the course of the next couple of quarters, given it's such a solid kind of book-to-bill, if you will?
Blake Moret: Yes. Well -- and we wanted to call that out, because this is really before Lifecycle Services is kicking in full. So we're expecting a nice run of that magnitude of orders for the company over the next few quarters and this is primarily driven at this point with products. But again, as the project business ramps up, which is our expectation, that could deliver some continued nice results there.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And as far as this investment spend is concerned, just going back to Jeff's question. So I think you're saying that some of the uptick in investments this year goes away. But does that mean that number is actually down next year? Or it's just growing less off of the higher base next year? Because usually, you guys do have anywhere from, I don't know, a $45 million to $50 million to even $80 million year-over-year headwind, I mean, going back to like 2010 from kind of investments growing faster than sales. Is what -- can you just kind of refine the messaging on that account and where it goes next year?
Nick Gangestad: Sure. Thanks, Steve. I believe it's a little early to get anything too declarative on 2022. However, just to clarify, this increase in investment spend is approximately $30 million of that we are saying is temporary. The rest of it is part of our normal increase in investment spend. And then the other way to think about it, Steve, is we also expect a 30% to 35% potential the core conversion. And that's the way we've operated, and that's the way we continue to expect to operate.
Steve Tusa: Right. And that 30% to 35% would be, again, like an all-in kind of number for the segments, including whatever happens with this investment bucket for next year? Correct?
Nick Gangestad: That's that. When we say that, 30% to 35%, that includes the investment spend. We, however, are holding ourselves to a higher bar and not giving ourselves that credit for that $30 million of incremental spend when we think about that core conversion next year.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay. That makes sense. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So Blake, I just want to talk about software for a minute and maybe what you're seeing out there. Are you running into competitors when you win some of these orders? Is it more of a non-competitive process where you're just sort of attaching on to an installed base? And then maybe talk about what product lines you're seeing strength, and I think Honeywell talked about cybersecurity. I know you have an offering there as well. So maybe just sort of a landscape of what you're seeing in the software side?
Blake Moret: Sure. So parts of the software business are still somewhat fragmented where you're largely competing against doing nothing on the part of our customer or a homegrown solution. And we still see a lot of that within, say, IoT applications. In MES, it's a little bit more, let's say, mature. And you are typically competing with a fairly well-known competitor, sometimes our traditional full scope automation competitors, sometimes niche competitors. And that visualization, I would say, is similar to that, which is a big part of our software offering. Again, a little bit more stratified, but there's the new applications, IoT, analytics, things like that. It's still a fairly diffuse, let's say, competitor landscape customers are looking for the outcomes. And you're also having to dovetail into an installed base. That's a big part of it, because a lot of your challenges come in the interfaces with existing installations, and that's why we've taken that open approach to expect that these customers already have software and hardware in place and don't want to rip it all out. With respect to cybersecurity, even apart from the hardware, we got a cybersecurity business that's over $100 million in terms of the services. It grew double digits, very strong. We're seeing good contribution from recent acquisitions of Avnet and Oilo, and that's an area that I'm particularly proud of, because it's an area that when we introduced it, it wasn't one that customers necessarily thought of Rockwell first for. But we're having a great impact on customers, and we're working with a whole new set of decision-makers, including the CIO and his or her team in some really big companies, so very happy with the development of that part of our business.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up question on orders. Maybe taking a step back, I get that that $2 billion of orders really only covers about two-thirds of the business. And some of that's longer cycle. But cyclically, seasonally, I don't know if you necessarily go backwards from here. Does that suggest that Rockwell is an $8 billion company over the next couple of years? Like why wouldn't the $2 billion get multiplied by something near four, and you have a bit of a fudge factor for Lifecycle Services, like what leaks out of that equation, because it seems like a pretty big number pretty early in the cycle?
Blake Moret: Well, we're happy with it. That's why we've called it down. I want to make sure and you know this, Josh that the $2 billion is a company number, but we're notching that figure even before Lifecycle Services really kicks in like we expected to over the next couple of quarters. But yes, we're expecting that as we've created more ways to win, our strategy is to accelerate profitable growth. That's what we've been talking about in the last two years, doing it by growing as a higher multiple of industrial production in our core, continued double digits in Information Solutions and Connected Services and making acquisitions that are going to, again, give us more ways to win.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, perfect. Thanks for that.
Blake Moret: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Your next question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Nick is going to hear new voice, we couldn’t hear that well, and Steve congratulations on your retirement. I hate to go back over investor spend again, but I'm a little bit bamboozle about some of new pieces here. But when you talk about the increase in the full year, 2.5% mentioned, $50 million you okay with. Is that the second half increase, or is that $50 million for the full year and the second half is more than to that number? Just want to clarify that, please.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Nigel, happy to clarify that. We were down in investment spend in the first half of the year. We were down approximately between $40 million and $50 million. We now expect the full year to be up approximately $50 million or $55 million that means the delta of $90 million to $100 million higher investment spend in the second half standalone.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's clear. And then of that $90 million to $100 million, about $30 million is temporary and washes away, is that correct?
Nick Gangestad: Exactly.
Nigel Coe: Okay, got it. Okay. Clear as crystal. And then moving on to semi, I know it's a relatively small portion of your revenues. But, obviously, everyone very excited about the investment spend that we are seeing committed in the U.S. Can you just remind us where do you currently play? Where does Rockwell currently play in the fab? And what opportunities do you see to maybe increase the scope going forward?
Blake Moret: Sure. Nigel, the primary applications are around facilities management. So it's making sure that the environment is clean and not the right temperature and the right humidity and so on. It's a fairly complex automation project, and that's our traditional area. Lately, we've had some success in increasing the scope even within that facilities management, including things like cybersecurity and other related services and networking. We see additional opportunity in the materials handling. And also, given that we are a good-sized user of electronic components and use circuit boards and so on. We've developed some artificial intelligence applications that have helped us be more productive, and we're working with some customers to acquaint them with our capabilities there as well. So, there's a lot of additional room expansion from that base.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, Blake. It’s very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your final question is from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Good morning and thanks. You commented earlier about the process of continuing to increase your importance to the customers. And Blake, some of the supply issues you've cited on this call around freight, narrowing and trip shortage and just materials availability in general. I mean, obviously a huge portion of your customer base is all going through that at the same time. And so, I was curious, if you can talk to us a little bit about, how you're seeing the customers use some of your software offerings like FactoryTalk and others to deal with these supply chain issues and how that is advancing your dialogue with them and your opportunity set?
Blake Moret: One of the ways, just for an example looking at our own MES software, when we added that into our operations over the last decade there were a couple of ways that, that increased our efficiency. It decreased work in process, and it also helped us with airproofing, to be able to have a defined workflow, so as our customers are having to bring new talent on that may be new to these types of operations, that workforce development is a big deal. And it sometimes sits right on the critical path of getting new capacity up and running. So whether it's the MES software that we've been offering, augmented reality offerings that we have with PTC. We've got some great solutions as well as the training that we provide to help with these new hires at our customers come online just as fast as possible. I also believe that the flexibility that we are adding in our own operations, and I mentioned earlier, in our own contactor facility here in Milwaukee, is giving us insight that we can impart to our customers to help them be more agile, to produce a wider variety of SKUs on a single line. I saw an application recently with a beverage company that's able to make a very wide range of packaging formats for beverages, using our independent cart technology. And it's a whole different game than it was 10 years ago in terms of different types of SKUs that these companies can create to maximize their shelf space and retail outlets.
Noah Kaye: Yes. And you mentioned, MES being able to reduce work in progress. But we're hearing about, for example, in auto suppliers trying to reach two and three layers deeper into their supply chain and trying to, through software, do better tracking, not walking away from just in time, but really trying to evolve and get a better visualization of the entire supply base. Is that something that Rockwell can play a role in and then how also?
Blake Moret: Yes, absolutely. Being able to take those real-time production signals and to be able to look upstream into that supply base, and just as you said, going deeper and before, it's not a nice to have anymore, it's a requirement to be able to look at those suppliers and to be able to marry that with your real-time production requirements, particularly when you're looking at increasingly multiple potential sources of supply for those components or those materials that you need. So, we see a lot of activity going forward. And you talk customers, nothing gets them more interested in when you talk about the role that we can play in a connected supply chain. There's huge amounts of additional productivity that we can help with their and our ecosystem. Because that's an area that ecosystem is going to play a very large role.
Noah Kaye: Make sense. Thanks so much.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Noah.
Jessica Kourakos: Operator, now I'll turn it back to Blake for a few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. In summary, we're very pleased with our strong performance in the quarter. The recovery in manufacturing is accelerating at a much faster pace than we initially expected. Rockwell is extremely well positioned in this recovery, and we're especially excited about the new product introductions and services that we will bring to market over the next couple of years. It's an exciting time to be a part of the Rockwell journey. We thank you for your interest and ongoing support.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Good morning and thank you for joining us, for Rockwell Automation's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Steve Etzel, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning. And the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Supplemental information related to our new business segments can be found in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before we begin discussing our results and outlook, I'd like to make a few opening remarks. On the leadership front, we have 2 exciting announcements today. First, we have hired Scott Genereux as our new Chief Revenue Officer. Scott built strong executive-level customer relationships and has spent most of his career leading global sales forces at major enterprise software and hardware companies. These include Oracle, and most recently, Veritas. And we're thrilled to bring him onboard in this newly created role. Scott will be responsible for all our worldwide sales and marketing efforts, leading our global go-to market strategies and accelerating Rockwell's growth, including software sales and annual recurring revenue. The second important announcement is that Brian Shepherd has been hired as the new leader of our Software & Control business segment. Brian has extensive experience in the industrial software space and joins Scott in bringing proven knowledge about ways to drive faster recurring revenue growth in our business. Prior to joining us, Brian was President of Production Software and Smart Factory Solutions, for Hexagon AB. And before that, was a long-time executive at PTC, where he led strategy and operations for their Enterprise Software segments. He has strong technical expertise across the design, operate and maintain phases of the customer journey and how industrial software can maximize customer value. We're excited to have them on board. Both Scott and Brian began on February 1. Finally, I'm happy to report we are well along in our CFO search and expect to make that announcement shortly. It's been a busy few months, but I'm very pleased with the new talent and fresh perspectives we're adding to our leadership team. In other news this quarter, we had very important win on the legal front. In Q1, Radwell International was found liable for trademark infringement and false advertising relating to its resale of Rockwell products. This latest legal victory underscores our commitment to protecting our intellectual property, as well as our authorized distribution network. We're using a portion of the gain that resulted from this ruling to make additional investments this year. This includes investments to pull forward software product launches that will increase recurring revenue in fiscal 2022 and beyond, as well as sustainability related investments to drive our ESG goals. With that, let me now turn to our Q1 results on Slide 3. In Q1, total reported sales declined 7%. Organic sales were down 10% versus prior year. Total sales included a 2 point positive contribution from our ASEM and Kalypso acquisitions. Note that Sensia is now included in our organic results. During the quarter, we saw a sharp acceleration in order intake, especially for our products. Total orders were back above pre-pandemic levels. The increased demand was broad based and well above our expectations and the higher order rates will benefit sales for the balance of the year. More on that in a moment. I'll now comment on our new business segments. Intelligent Devices' organic sales declined 8%. In the quarter, we saw positive year-over-year growth in Motion, where we believe we are gaining market share. Orders in this segment returned to positive growth a quarter ahead of our expectations. Software & Control organic sales declined 6%. In the quarter, we saw year-over-year growth in network and security infrastructure. Lifecycle Services' organic sales decline of 16% was led by continued weakness in oil and gas. We did see a 25% sequential uptick in Lifecycle Services orders in the quarter, which will drive sequential sales improvement through the balance of the year. In Information Solutions and Connected Services, organic sales were down slightly in the quarter, primarily due to COVID related project delays. However, we saw double-digit organic orders growth in IS as well as strong demand in the cybersecurity portion of Connected Services. IS/CS built backlog by about 30% versus prior year and we expect IS/CS to have a great year overall, growing double digits in fiscal 2021 with organic sales exceeding $500 million. Total backlog grew strong double digits on an organic basis both year-over-year and sequentially. Lifecycle Services book-to-bill reached a record of 1.18, reflecting a significant improvement both sequentially and year-over-year. Turning to profitability, segment operating margin performance of 20% in the quarter was roughly flat with last year on lower sales, a testament to our increasing business resilience. Adjusted EPS grew 11% versus prior year, including the legal settlement gain. Excluding the gain, adjusted EPS came in above our expectations for the quarter. Let's now turn to Slide 4, where I'll provide a few highlights of our Q1 end-market performance. Figures are for organic sales. Our discrete market segment sales declined by approximately 5%. However, we saw strong broad order momentum in the quarter, particularly in North America that should benefit sales performance for the remainder of the year. Automotive sales declined approximately 10% versus prior year with mid-single-digits growth in EMEA offset by tough comparisons in other regions. Our EV business significantly outperformed the rest of automotive and included key wins from a major auto brand-owner in Europe that is building a new line for EV battery manufacturing. We also won at a European Tier 1 OEM, who chose our Independent Cart Technology for the precision motion control necessary to build new electric vehicles. These were both hard-fought wins, where our strong customer support and technology differentiation were important factors in our success. Semiconductor grew low-single-digits in the quarter and is expected to improve significantly over the balance of the year. Strong secular tailwinds in this vertical are prompting some of our largest Semiconductor customers to increase their CapEx spend this year. As a result, we are raising our semiconductor outlook to high-single-digit growth for the year, up from our original guidance of mid-single-digit growth. Another highlight within Discrete was our performance in e-Commerce, with sales growing approximately 40% versus prior year. This is obviously another industry with secular tailwinds, and we are well-positioned to provide value that will continue to support its tremendous future growth. Our Independent Cart Technology is a long-term differentiator here, as it is in battery assembly and the packaging of consumer products. Turning now to our Hybrid market segment. This segment grew by low-single-digits and accounted for 45% of revenue this quarter. Food & Beverage grew low-single-digits. In addition, packaging OEMs delivered another quarter of double-digit growth versus the prior year. Life Sciences grew about 10% in Q1, well above our expectation for the quarter, led by strong broad-based demand in North America. Thermo Fisher is an important part of the vaccine ecosystem, and we were very proud this quarter to be awarded a significant multi-year enterprise software order to supply software and professional services to enable their Pharma 4.0 initiative and drive their COVID readiness and response. They chose Rockwell's FactoryTalk Innovation Suite which uniquely integrates MES, IIoT, Analytics and Augmented Reality in a single software solution to drive productivity. FTIS, in combination with strong pharma industry expertise, full lifecycle services, and best in breed digital partner ecosystem were key factors in why Thermo Fisher selected Rockwell. While there is a lot of focus on our role in vaccine formulation, we are also working with the broader vaccine ecosystem to support packaging and distribution requirements. For every one pallet of vaccines being shipped, 20 to 30 additional pallets of vaccine accessories are required. Based on the broad-based increase in life sciences demand, we are now expecting Life Sciences to grow mid-teens in fiscal 2021. Process markets were down approximately 25% and weaker than we expected, led by larger declines in Oil & Gas. Process verticals typically lag our discrete business by about half a year. Turning now to Slide 5, into our organic regional sales performance in the quarter. North America organic sales declined by 11% versus the prior year, primarily due to sales declines in Oil & Gas and Automotive. Business conditions improved significantly through the quarter and were reflected in strong product orders. EMEA sales declined 8%, led by Oil & Gas. Sales from Food & Beverage and Water customers were strong in the quarter. Sales in the Asia Pacific region declined 7%, largely due to declines in Process industries that were partially offset by growth in Mass Transit and Semiconductor. Asia Pacific backlog reached a record high in the quarter and we do expect strong sales growth in the region for both the upcoming quarter and full year. In China, we saw growth in auto with some important greenfield EV battery wins. Sequential orders growth in Q1 and double-digit year-over-year growth in backlog support our full-year sales growth outlook in China to be above the company average. Latin America declines were led by Oil & Gas and Mining. In the region, we saw good growth in Food & Beverage and Tire. Let's now turn to Slide 6 to review highlights for the full year outlook. Orders momentum in the first quarter is expected to drive strong growth in the balance of the year. The higher top-line guidance is primarily related to improvements in the outlook for Life Sciences and e-Commerce in North America, as well as in our global outlook for semiconductor growth. Our new reported sales outlook assumes 10% year-over-year growth at the midpoint, including 6% organic growth. We expect our new software offerings and expanded services will drive double-digit ARR growth in fiscal 2021. Our new hires will be focused on this objective. Our new Adjusted EPS target of $8.90 at the midpoint of the range represents 13% growth over the prior year. A more detailed view into our outlook by end market is found on Slide 7. I won't go into the details on this slide, but as you can see, we expect positive organic sales growth in all of our key end markets this year with the exception of Oil & Gas. A marked uptick in orders for Sensia in the latter part of Q1 sets the stage for improving sales later in the fiscal year. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve who will elaborate on our first quarter performance and updated financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Steve?
Steve Etzel: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 8, first quarter key financial information. First quarter reported sales were down 7.1% year-over-year. Organic sales were down 9.7%. Acquisitions contributed 1.8 points of growth, and currency translation increased sales by 0.8 points. Segment operating margin was 19.8%, slightly below Q1 of last year. This is the second quarter in a row that segment margin was about flat year-over-year despite lower sales, so a good result. Corporate and other expense of $28 million was down about $5 million compared to last year. Last year's amount included transaction fees related to the formation of the Sensia joint venture. Note that previously we referred to this line item as general corporate-net. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 15.4% compared to 8.3% last year. The increase in the tax rate is primarily due to a large discrete tax benefit recorded in Q1 last year related to the formation of Sensia and other discrete items. Moving on to EPS. As a reminder, beginning with this quarter we changed the definition of Adjusted EPS to also exclude the impact of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization expense. First quarter adjusted EPS was $2.38. As Blake mentioned earlier, this result includes $0.45 related to a favorable legal settlement. Adjusted EPS excluding the legal settlement was $1.93, identical to last quarter, and better than we expected. We are pleased with this result, since compared to last quarter, we were able to overcome a $0.30 headwind from the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary cost actions as of the end of November. I'll cover a year-over-year Adjusted EPS bridge for Q1 on a later slide. Free cash flow was $319 million in the quarter, including the $70 million legal settlement. Free cash flow conversion was 115% of adjusted income. One additional item not shown on the slide, we repurchased 356,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of about $88 million. This is in line with our full year placeholder of about $350 million. At December 31, $766 million remained available under our repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our operating segments. As a reminder, this is the first quarter we're reporting under our new 3 segment structure. The Intelligent Devices segment had an organic sales decline of 7.9% in the quarter. Segment margin was 19.4%, 130 basis points lower than last year, mainly due to lower sales, partially offset by temporary and structural cost savings. As Blake highlighted earlier, we had strong orders performance in the quarter, particularly in our products businesses. Intelligent Devices orders grew low single digits year-over-year, and high-single-digits sequentially. Software & Control segment organic sales declined 6.2% in the quarter. Acquisitions contributed 2.7% to growth and segment margin was 30.2%, which was 80 basis points lower than last year's strong margin performance, mainly due to lower sales, partially offset by temporary and structural cost savings. Software & Control orders also grew low-single-digits year-over-year and high-single-digits sequentially. Organic sales of the Lifecycle Services segment declined 16.3% year-over-year, as the recovery in this segment's offerings tends to lag our products businesses. Acquisitions contributed 3.9% to growth. Operating margin for this segment increased 50 basis points to 8.9% versus 8.4% a year ago, despite lower sales. Contributing to the lower year-over-year margin improvement - I'm sorry, contributing to the year-over-year margin improvement were temporary and structural cost savings, and the absence of Sensia onetime items recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. First quarter book-to-bill performance for the Lifecycle Services segment was 1.18, a strong start to the year. The next Slide, 10, provides the Adjusted EPS walk from Q1 fiscal 2020 to Q1 fiscal 2021. Starting on the left, core performance had a negative impact of about $0.25 driven by lower organic sales. Temporary cost actions partially offset the sales impact by $0.20. These were the salary reductions and 401(k) match suspension that we implemented in Q3 of fiscal 2020, which remained in effect through the end of November 2020. Incentive compensation was a year-over-year headwind of about $0.10. Tax was a headwind of about $0.10, primarily due to the Sensia-related tax benefit recorded last year and other discrete items. Acquisitions contributed about $0.05. This represents the positive contribution from acquisitions that we completed in 2020 and so far in 2021. As a reminder, Sensia is now reported in core. Finally, as mentioned earlier, the legal settlement contributed $0.45 to Adjusted EPS. Moving to Slide 11, monthly product order trends. This slide shows our order - daily order trends for our Software & Control and Intelligent Devices segments, excluding the longer lead time configured-to-order offerings. The trends shown here account for about two-thirds of our overall sales. Order intake for products improved again this quarter, as the recovery continued. As you can see, there was a sharp acceleration in demand in November and December. Orders for the Lifecycle Services segment also improved in the quarter, but are recovering slower than product orders. The strong order performance resulted in record total company backlog, growing over 20% year-over-year and double digits sequentially. Our quarterly product order trends are shown on Slide 12. This is the same data as the prior slide, summarized by quarter. Our order levels in the first quarter are now clearly above pre-pandemic levels, both for products and the total company. This takes us to Slide 13, updated guidance. We are increasing our organic sales growth outlook by 1 point. The new range is 4.5% to 7.5%, with a mid-point of 6%. Given the weaker U.S. dollar, we now expect currency translation to contribute about 2.5% to growth. We expect acquisitions to contribute about 1.5%. In total, the midpoint of our reported sales guidance range is 10%. We have also updated the adjusted EPS guidance range to $8.70 to $9.10. I'll review the bridge from the prior guidance midpoint to the new $8.90 midpoint on the next slide. Segment operating margins is now expected to be about 19.5%. The lower margin compared to prior guidance reflects the software investments that Blake mentioned earlier and the impact of the Fiix acquisition. These will primarily affect the Software & Control segment and will be weighted toward the third and fourth quarters. Our adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be about 14%, the same as prior guidance. As mentioned last quarter, this includes a 300 basis point benefit related to discrete items, which we expect to realize late in the fiscal year. We continue to project free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. A few additional comments on the fiscal 2021 guidance. Corporate and other expenses is expected to be between $105 million and $110 million. Purchase accounting amortization expense for the full year is expected to be about $50 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2021 is still expected to be between $90 million and $95 million. Finally, we're still assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 117 million shares. This takes us to Slide 14. This slide bridges the midpoint of our November adjusted EPS guidance range to the midpoint of our new guidance. Starting on the left. There is a higher contribution from core operating performance, primarily due to the higher organic sales guidance. Currency is projected to add about $0.05 compared to prior guidance. Next, given the increase in guidance, there is about a $0.10 impact from higher bonus expense. Finally, there is the $0.45 contribution from the Q1 legal settlement, partially offset by about $0.35 for the incremental investments and the impact of the Fiix acquisition. The new midpoint of the guidance range is $8.90. Finally, a couple of quick comments regarding fiscal Q2. Given our strong order performance in Q1, we expect Q2 sales to grow sequentially, and to be about flat year-over-year. We expect second half year-over-year organic sales growth in the mid to high teens. As a reminder, as we mentioned on the last earnings call, Q2 will have the largest year-over-year headwind from the reinstatement of the bonus in the range of $50 million. With that, I'll hand it back to Blake for some additional comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve. Historically, the pace of recovering demand for our products after a recession has come faster than we predicted when we were still in the downturn. This recovery is looking similar so far. And we will see Q2 sales and earnings begin to reflect the torrent of orders we received in November and December, with significant double-digit year-over-year growth expected in the second half of the year. The rate of infections in each region around the world has had a direct impact on the timing and rate of their respective economic recoveries. The Americas were last in and seem to be the last to recover with our sales most highly correlated to this geography, given our revenue there. We are working overtime to meet this demand and staying close to our components suppliers around the world. We're actively hiring and additional capacity for Logix is coming online this month. The new Milwaukee Manufacturing Center is working 2 shifts a day to keep pace with this increased level of orders activity. Turning to Slide 15, we're also investing in software development to drive our future growth. Last November at our Investor Day, we talked about how we will be releasing Software-as-a-Service within our FactoryTalk portfolio to add value in the design, operate and maintenance phases of the customers' investment lifecycle. The recent legal settlement gained will allow us to advance these deliverables. Recent acquisitions are playing an important role in these offerings as well, with Fiix software central to FactoryTalk Maintenance Hub within the Software & Control business segment. Fiix is already showing great momentum and just booked their first $1 million dollar annual recurring revenue contract. Their leadership is already a part of the larger plans for accelerating our SaaS offerings. It all begins with great people. And I continue to be immensely proud of our employees in all parts of the organization and around the world. We continue to hire top talent. And the 2 new members of the team we announced today will add to an already great leadership team. With that, let me pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and the quick follow-up. Thanks. Michelle, let's take our first question.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
Karen Lau: Hi, good morning, everyone. It's Karen Lau dialing in for John. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, Karen.
Karen Lau: Hey. I was wondering, are there - have you guys seen any signs of maybe the order or sales conversions slowing down given the renewed flare-up in COVID cases around the world in Europe, China, and U.S. obviously? Have you seen any moderation in sales conversion? Understanding the order trends has been very strong, but curious, if there's any underlying moderation beneath maybe some sort of budget slash in the year and if you can comment on that?
Blake Moret: Yeah, so a couple of pieces of that, first of all orders continued strong in the early part of January. So we don't see significant causal for what we saw through last quarter tailing off because of any sort of budget flush. So we see those trends continue. We do, obviously, continue to see challenges, particularly with our longer cycle solutions business due to continued mobility challenges, as infections have stayed high around the world. But we haven't seen any new obstacles placed with increased infections.
Karen Lau: Okay, that's great to hear. And then my other question is on e-commerce. I don't recall you guys in the past calling out this end-market in particular. Obviously, it has been a very strong market for some time. So curious, if your positioning or anything has changed over there and maybe a comment - if you can comment on how big it is and what's like - how is your positioning and the potential and so forth?
Blake Moret: Yes, so our role in distribution or fulfillment centers has always been good. We've always had a strong presence in the core automation there in terms of conveyors and sortation. It was a great fit for our core technology. What's changed and why we're talking more about it is, first, the explosive growth of the end-market itself, which I don't think shows much sign of slowing down. And 2, we do have even improved offerings to be able to serve that market. Independent Cart Technology is an example, where we really differentiate. We talked about that last quarter with respect to that Navy, when it differentiates us in e-commerce as well. And some of the potential opportunities there make the Navy order look small with respect to Independent Cart Technology as a form of precision motion control. So it's really a combination of the market expanding, as well as our readiness to serve going even higher. It's still a relatively small part of our total business. But we expect that to increase as a percentage of our total sales in the quarters and years to come.
Karen Lau: That sounds great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Trish Gorman: Hey, good morning. This is Trish on for Julian. So maybe just a couple questions on the extra $0.35 of investments spent, maybe a little bit more color on the timing, of how we should expect that throughout the year? And then if this is a new run rate of investment spend or that should set down in 2022? And then just more broadly on margins, apart from the temporary cost reversals, is there anything abnormal to call out?
Blake Moret: So I'll make a couple of comments. And then, Steve will add. The investment spend is expected to pull forward some of the development programs that we've been working on in our software area, and specifically, with an eye towards increasing the contribution of Software-as-a-Service to our annual recurring revenue next year. But it's expected to be onetime investments that we can make to accelerate it, not that automatically go into a run rate. And so the investments were selected specifically for that reason, to increase revenue beginning as soon as next year, but without going into an ongoing run rate.
Steve Etzel: And as it relates to the $0.35, think of about $0.10 or so of that related to the Fiix acquisition, the dilution from that and the remainder to the software investments that Blake just described. And as it relates to the timing, you can think of it mostly affecting the third and fourth quarter of both items, and as well it's all in the Software & Control segment.
Trish Gorman: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe switching gears, in Asia sales down 7% seem to underperform factory automation, pure company. Can you just talk more about what's going on in that region and maybe what the business is specifically in China?
Blake Moret: Sure. So, in general, our position in China is really strong with later cycle businesses. We've talked before about the higher percentage relatively towards longer lead time solutions, targeted at end users, as opposed to earlier cycle business that would be centered on indigenous machine builders. And I think you're seeing some of that play out with respect to China. Now, in China, we still see great opportunities, and we've had some exciting wins recently in EV, mass transit, water, wastewater, our software is a differentiator there. So I like our position there. But we're going to pick up the pace, so as we go after that market, with new opportunities, new go-to-market strategies to complement what we're already doing there.
Trish Gorman: Got it. Thanks.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, good morning.
Steve Etzel: Hi, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: Can you just remind us of - on the kind of the product order trends? What's kind of the cycle time on those orders turning into sales?
Blake Moret: So, those are typically characterized as weeks. In those trends, we excluded the longer lead time, configured to order lineups of Power Control. So when you look at those trends, those are typically turnarounds that are measured in weeks in average. A lot of that, of course, sits on our distributor shelf. So when an end customer places an order for it, then it can be fulfilled within hours or a few days.
Stephen Tusa: Right. So are you confident that this isn't - if that's the case, are you confident this isn't like a restock?
Blake Moret: We are, because we have good visibility into our distributors' inventory management practices. And their buys are based on underlying end customer demand. So they'll be buying on us based on what they see from end users and integrators and panel builders. And the other point is that we saw continued strong orders into the first part of January. So we're not seeing any evidence that there's a large portion of this due to distributor restock, due to our visibility into their inventory management practices.
Stephen Tusa: Got it. And then, just one last one, it's kind of the raise of the organic guidance and the cut to the margin. You may have mentioned this earlier, but just curious as to what's driving that kind of lower leverage, if you will?
Blake Moret: So some of it now, I'll ask Steve to top this up. But some of that is due to the investments we decided to make from a portion of the gain from that legal settlement we mentioned. So we made a decision to make investments that would be one-time investments in fiscal 2021 to pull forward the recurring revenue that we can get from certain strategic software development projects. So we expect to be releasing Software-as-a-Service for automation software, for information management through the next year and we expect that to impact our revenue next year. But importantly, this does not go into the run rate? So those increased investments were due to accelerate that, but they're not necessary as a part of a recurring spend base.
Steve Etzel: Yeah, Steve, the other thing as well, the segment P&L that the subtle end game is outside of segment operating earnings, whereas these incremental investments, and the fixed impact are in segment operating earnings. So they're saying basically, the one side effect comes through the margin.
Stephen Tusa: Great. All right. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question will come from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Steve Etzel: Hey, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Blake, it's not really a surprise that you took up your discrete and hybrid organic sales expectations and maybe took down process a little bit, but you did mention that you saw pickup at Sensia through the end of Q1. And obviously, we've seen a spike in commodity prices. So have you seen the stabilization now, overall process related bookings and have you seen any bigger uptick, especially on the mining side?
Blake Moret: So the fundamentals for mining, particularly copper are encouraging given the price per pound of copper well above $3, while that presents a little bit of pressure on price for our materials. We don't use a lot of raw materials like that. So the potential benefit of new projects by the miners outweighs of any near-term cost pressure on us. I think, there are some big projects out there that we're looking at I know of a few that we're tracking in Latin America, we haven't seen it yet in terms of mining. But I would say we're more optimistic about that than in terms of a quick oil and gas recovery. On oil and gas, I did mention that we saw some good orders in Sensia towards the back half or of Q1. So the latter part of Q1, we did see some orders that will support the sequential sales improvement through the balance of the year for oil and gas.
Andrew Kaplowitz: It's helpful, Blake. And then, just stepping back obviously you talked about orders picking up maybe faster than you expected. Could you talk about how much of the pickup you think is just sort of normal cyclical recovery versus the secular trends we've been talking about here, reshoring, step-ups and resilience to improve single source of failure? You talked about e-commerce a little bit, but also focused on ESG and energy transition, how much is all this stuff sort of helping with order recovery?
Blake Moret: I think it fortifies the strength of the recovery. We have more ways to win. So it's not just the recovery of the general core automation and MRO spend having a larger software portfolio services; cybersecurity services that's in the neighborhood of $100 million for this year. These are offerings that we didn't really have in past downturns. And so I think we can participate more fully, as customers try to accelerate out of the curve, in terms of their digital transformation plans.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks, Blake.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Rick Eastman from Baird. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning and thank you.
Blake Moret: Hi, Rick.
Richard Eastman: Blake, could you maybe speak to for a minute or 2? We've seen some fairly aggressive kind of EV expectations for the number of models here over the next 3 years. And I'm curious, your perspective there around the investments in bringing those models to market around EVs. How do you view that as - is that more than a zero-sum game versus investment in trailing ICE models? So maybe that's my first question. And then, just to follow on with that, are you starting to see some order growth around this significant EV model build forecast? Where does that spend kind of in a pipeline, if you will?
Blake Moret: So we've always said that our auto business in general is based more on model changes, new models, new cockpit designs and things like that then the raw [SAR] [ph] count. And if you think of these EV launches as new models, then that's positive. And I think it is above a zero-sum game. So I think the opportunities are higher than just ICE going down, EV going up at the same amount. These are new projects, as we've also talked about, we can participate in all the traditional ways of that automation is needed to build a vehicle in terms of body and paint and stamping, and so on. But we also have a higher readiness to serve in the drive train with our capabilities in terms of battery assembly and so on. So there's a mix opportunity and a customer share opportunity there as well as the increased reliance on software to schedule the units in these EV plants. The MES offering that we have is being looked at as more market serving as opposed to a nice to have, it's being looked at is somewhat of an essential part of a modern automobile factory. So those were all very positive things. For us, I would also say if the focus on made in America pertains to fleets being made in the U.S., that's obviously a good thing for us as well, if given our strong position within that geography and within many of the EV brand owners.
Richard Eastman: Very good. And then just as a follow-up around Life Sciences, again, we saw the strength in the book-to-bill there, and just maybe a thought, Blake, around - is our content greater within the life sciences marketplace? Or are we seeing just the accelerated spend kind of the pandemic, if you will, defensive spend that we're seeing across the board? Or is our content also greater there, as well?
Blake Moret: Yeah, I think, it is expanded customer share as well as the market for automation and information expanding, you think about the things that we're providing to these companies. So it certainly includes the core automation and our capabilities in terms of formulation as well as packaging, track and trace. But then when you look at additional offerings that we can provide the software that we're providing, and again, in this face, it's not just on top of our core automation, it's on top of competitive control platforms. So it's another way to win. Augmented Reality that we have through our relationship with PTC is being used in many of these facilities. And then cybersecurity service is a very fast-growing part of our offering is something that's critically important to these life sciences' customers now more than ever.
Richard Eastman: That's it. Great, thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, guys, good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, just curious on auto, obviously, you have a big ramp in the rest of the year. With the shortage going on in semiconductors, obviously, you're not on the production vehicle side of things. But what's the risk that if that drags on longer that it delayed some of the investments then in putting the equipment in place?
Blake Moret: I think, particularly on the EV side, these companies know they need to get units out in the market and an offering to begin to get revenue there. So I think it's given them a lot of headaches. But I still see a pretty dramatic uptake in the size of the project funnel that we're looking at in automotive. So when you look at that funnel of CapEx projects with an auto, our folks are telling us that they're really seeing a pretty market increase in that funnel. I think that, again, the semiconductor shortages that they're fighting with are going to be a hassle for them, but I don't see it causing them to add significant additional delays to these major projects, because they know they have to get their brands out there in the EV market.
Joseph Giordano: Okay, great. And then just last for me, the temporary savings was a benefit this quarter does that flip to a give back starting next quarter?
Steve Etzel: So year-over-year the temporary savings should now be a net-zero basically for Q2, we've restored the salaries and the 401(k) match, so that's basically a net-zero year-over-year. Now we have talked about the bonus, which is a big year-over-year headwind in Q2, it's about $50 million. Last year, we've reversed all of our bonus accruals in the second quarter due to the downturn, and this year, we're accruing a little above target now.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question for today will come from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. It was really just on the software accelerated investment here, I'm trying to understand kind of combining this with you're bringing in a Chief Revenue Officer. And then, how much of that spend is really for actual product development versus a go-to market change or an investment in the selling infrastructure? Do you feel you have the rights to put sales infrastructure in place to accelerate the adoption of Software-as-a-Service? Any kind of changes you think you need to make in sort of the selling strategy or the business model there? If you can talk about that, that'd be helpful.
Blake Moret: Sure. The vast majority of the additional spend that we're making is in the development of the software. So it's in Software-as-a-Service that will be start to release in the coming months and over the next year or so. And it's our automation software. So this is right at the core of what we do, interfacing with our intelligent devices and leveraging that home-field advantage that we have really right at that convergence of IT and operational technology. So it's mostly going into the software development. Because as I said, it's mainly a onetime investment, that doesn't go into our ongoing run rate. We've previously talked about doubling the number of our software specialist, assisting our general account managers, that's not a onetime cost. That's an investment that we've previously talked about and that is increasing. Our approach is really twofold with respect to selling more software. We have a large and growing number of software specialists, as well as technical consultants to assist with those sales. And then, we've got our general account managers who more and more are coming in with inherent software understanding as well. They've got big portfolios to sell to our customers. But I like that, I like having a single account manager that can draw on these various resources, because it simplifies how our customers interact with us and it also puts an emphasis on solutions, because we sell our software, but it is part of a collection of offerings that provide outcomes to those customers. So it typically involves hardware. And it involves software, it involves services. And sometimes we're actually integrating the project ourself. One of the things that Scott brings into the CRO role is a really good understanding of how all those things come together, and how it is provided to the customer as a solution, and how to describe that to increasingly senior levels of our customers, because it's not just selling to plant engineers, plant managers and design engineers. We're a bigger part of our customers' digital transformation with this expanded portfolio. And so, we're talking to people higher up in the company.
Noah Kaye: That makes a lot of sense. And thank you for the color. And then I wanted to just touch the last. So you mentioned there is a portion of the investment you talked that is for ESG spend. And I was curious if you could give us just a little bit of details on that. I don't know you could care to quantify it. But in general, what is that spend driving towards?
Blake Moret: Sure. Just so a couple of things, I mean, we announced our carbon-neutral goals during investor day. And so, that's what we're doing within our own facilities. And so, we are spending sizable amount of money, I mean, in the millions of dollars to make sure that we are going at a fast pace in terms of advancing those ESG goals in our own shop. But maybe even more important as an overall impact is what we can do for customers. We've always had a big impact on their energy efficiency in their plants. But there are other areas like recycling and our role in the circular economy, renewables, those are things that we're looking at new offerings in to be able to help our customers meet their own ESG goals.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: This brings us to the end of our Q&A session. I turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Michelle. I'll now turn it back to Blake for a few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. In summary, we are very pleased with our very strong orders performance in the quarter. The recovery in manufacturing is clearly happening at a much faster pace than we were anticipating. And we expect that to result in strong revenue growth for the balance of the fiscal year. We're very excited about the new software product launches that we have lined up over the next 12 to 24 months, and the new talent we are bringing on board with Fiix and Oylo as well as our new leadership additions that will accelerate our growth and drive higher recurring revenue in the future. Nobody is better positioned than Rockwell and our partners to bring Information Technology and Industrial Operational Technology together. It is an exciting time to be aligned with Rockwell. And we thank you for your interest and ongoing support. Be well.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Amy. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s fourth quarter fiscal 2020 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Goris, our CFO; and Steve Etzel, our CFO elect. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. In addition, we’ve filed an 8-K and have posted supplemental information on our website related to our new business segments and adjusted earnings definition. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before we begin discussing our results and outlook, I’d like to make a few opening remarks. I first want to address Patrick’s recent announcement that he will be leaving Rockwell to start a new chapter in his career. In his 14 years with us, the company has continued its long legacy of financial discipline and delivering superior shareowner returns, and we wish him well in his next pursuit. Many of you know Steve Etzel, who will be stepping in as CFO on an interim basis. Steve has been with us for over 30 years and over these years has run investor relations, treasury, and corporate FP&A. The Board and I have full confidence he will reinforce our strong financial framework and continued commitment to superior shareowner returns. Patrick and Steve are ensuring a very smooth transition, while we consider internal and external candidates for a permanent successor. I also want to send my deepest thanks to the thousands of employees who have been working under very difficult conditions, including the temporary pay cuts we implemented in May, to help us preserve jobs and to serve our customers during the pandemic. These cost actions enabled us to protect our company’s financial strength and allowed us to continue making important targeted investments to drive our future growth. Now, with business conditions gradually improving, we will reverse the temporary pay reductions by the end of November, one month earlier than expected. In addition, our guidance for next year assumes a return to a fully funded bonus plan. Because of our employees’ hard work and dedication, we have never been so well positioned for what lies ahead. This is another testament to the type of culture we have at Rockwell and I couldn’t be prouder. Turning now to our Q4 results on Slide 3. While business conditions remain difficult relative to a year ago, we are pleased with the steady improvement we’re seeing. In Q4, total reported sales declined by 9% versus the prior year. Organic sales were down about 12% versus prior year, but grew 10% sequentially. Product sales outperformed our expectations and were driven by better-than-expected results in Drives and Motion. Motion performance was led by our Independent Cart Technology, where we received the largest single order in Rockwell Automation’s history. We won this multi-year project from the U.S. Navy based on a need for precise, highly responsive motion control not available with traditional systems, and on Rockwell’s long track record as a dependable U.S. supplier. Independent Cart provides a new way for us to add value and drive growth. You’ll be hearing more about it, and other innovative technologies, at our upcoming Investor Day on November 17. Turning to Information Solutions and Connected Services. Organic sales were up low-single digits versus prior year. IS/CS orders grew double digits over the prior year in both software and connected services. IS/CS sales reached approximately $400 million in fiscal 2020 on an organic basis and were well in excess of that when including all of our recent inorganic investments. Demand for software sold as a result of our PTC partnership is also increasing rapidly as we enter the new fiscal year, and we’re very happy with the recent extension and expansion of this relationship. Together with PTC, we added over 200 new customer logos in fiscal 2020, and deal sizes in our Information Solutions software business continue to grow. The synergies of our combined offering are very evident to customers. In Connected Services, our recent Kalypso acquisition is doing particularly well and is helping us further differentiate. Kalypso is already contributing to some large competitive wins, and they just had the best orders quarter in their history. Total sales include a three point positive contribution from inorganic investments, led by our Sensia joint venture, along with the Kalypso and ASEM acquisitions. Total backlog in the quarter grew double digits versus the prior year and grew high-single digits on an organic basis. Our Q4 Solutions and Services book-to-bill was 0.87 and full-year book-to-bill was over 1. This Solutions and Services book-to-bill does not include the large Independent Cart order we received from the U.S. Navy. Turning to profitability, strong segment operating margin performance of over 20% in the quarter was flat with last year on lower sales, underscoring our increasing business resilience. Free cash flow was also very strong, reinforcing our solid balance sheet and liquidity position. Let’s now turn to Slide 4, where I will provide a few highlights of our Q4 organic end-market performance. Our discrete market segment declined approximately 10%, with automotive performing better than we expected, driven by stronger MRO and projects sales. Among the more notable projects in the quarter was a significant OT cybersecurity win in Europe with one of the major German car companies. And in electric vehicles, we saw momentum continue in the industry with battery manufacturers and brand owners. We are excited by recent announcements from both new and established automakers as they focus on production of compelling new EV offerings. In semiconductor, we had another very strong quarter and grew high-single digits versus the prior year. This vertical is benefiting from a variety of secular tailwinds such as the rise of smart devices and the resulting internet of things, along with the need for faster data centers and the adoption of 5G wireless technology. In addition to facilities management, which has been a strong foundation for us, we see an opportunity for our material handling technology as well as our software. In e-commerce, we had a significant expansion win at Cloostermans, one of the largest and most important suppliers to the global ecommerce industry. This is another industry with long-term secular tailwinds that will continue to invest in automation and industrial software to support its tremendous future growth. Turning now to our hybrid market segment. This segment declined a little less than 5% and outperformed the discrete and process industry segments. Food and beverage and life sciences each declined low-single digits for both the quarter and for the year. Packaging OEMs had another strong quarter and delivered double-digit growth versus the prior year. We believe these markets will outperform in fiscal 2021. Eco-industrial outperformed other industries in the quarter, driven by growth in water, where we continue to benefit from a differentiated offering that integrates control, power, and industrial software. Tire and rubber was down double digits but performed in line with our expectations. In the quarter, we had key wins at important strategic accounts, including Cooper Tire, which continues to strengthen its global track and trace capabilities to support the company’s long-term growth plans. They chose FactoryTalk software because of our strong MES and analytics capabilities, and our differentiated ability to connect to both Rockwell and non-Rockwell control platforms. Once again, our strong software portfolio, our ecosystem of best-of-breed partners, and our expertise in connecting diverse manufacturing environments were all important reasons Rockwell won this very competitive project with Cooper Tire. Process markets were down approximately 20%. Oil and gas was a little weaker than we expected, but that was partially offset by better-than-expected performance in most other process markets like mining and pulp and paper. Sensia held up fairly well during the quarter and continues to demonstrate their competitive differentiation. Turning now to Slide 5 and our organic regional sales performance in the quarter. North America organic sales declined by 12% versus the prior year. Business conditions improved through the quarter, particularly in products, where orders significantly exceeded our expectations. While our large Independent Cart win was part of that result, we also saw great software orders within Information Solutions that more than doubled versus the prior year, creating strong momentum entering the new fiscal year. In EMEA, sales declined 12% largely due to CapEx delays. These were partially offset by strong growth in water. We also saw growth in life sciences and PPE-related machine builder business. Sales in the Asia Pacific region declined 9% largely due to declines in end user business within automotive and mass transit. Double-digit growth in mining and life sciences partially offset those declines. China sales declined, but orders grew mid-single digits year-over-year in the quarter. Latin America declines were led by mining and oil and gas. Let’s now turn to Slide 6 to review highlights for the full year. It’s an understatement to say that fiscal 2020 turned out very different than the plans we discussed together at a great Investor Day during an incredible Automation Fair in Chicago last November. The shadow of the pandemic soon created unique challenges, but I’m proud of our ability to respond while taking big steps forward in the execution of our strategic vision. We kept the safety of our employees at the top of our list and continued to provide dedicated service to our customers, many of whom are producing the food, water, protective gear, and medicine that keep us going. The pandemic has focused us all on what’s truly important. We took thoughtful actions to manage costs through this pandemic while at the same time protect strategic investments, including some very big internal development projects. And you can see those investments drive the performance of our software business, which reached over $500 million in revenue in fiscal 2020 and was one of the best performing areas of our business in both orders and sales this year. We deployed over $500 million for inorganic investments that contributed almost four points to our top line growth; and we deployed over $700 million in cash toward dividends and repurchases enabled by our strong free cash flow. I am tremendously proud of what we’ve accomplished in fiscal 2020, and I’m excited about the resulting momentum as we enter fiscal 2021. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 7. As I said earlier, we saw strong sequential momentum exiting the year. Industrial production is projected to grow in the second half of our fiscal year. So it may take a couple of quarters for us to climb back to year-over-year sales growth from the Q3 trough in fiscal 2020. We expect double-digit year-over-year growth during our third and fourth quarters. Of course, we are all closely monitoring global infection levels related to this pandemic, but we are not assuming a widespread shutdown of customer manufacturing operations. We expect reported sales to grow about 7.5% at the midpoint of the guidance range, including 5% of organic growth and over a point of growth from our fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021 acquisitions to date. In addition, we are adopting annual recurring revenue as an important metric for the company and have added ARR as a performance metric in our incentive compensation framework beginning this year. ARR is expected to grow double digits in fiscal 2021, after showing over 6% growth in fiscal 2020. This is further evidence of our ability to build an even more resilient business model. Adjusted EPS is expected to reach $8.65 at the midpoint, which is up 10% from last year’s fiscal 2020 results. We are targeting free cash flow conversion of 100%. A more detailed view into our outlook by end market is found on Slide 8. I won’t go into the details on this slide, but as you can see, we expect positive organic sales growth in all of our key end markets next year with the exception of oil and gas. With that, let me now turn it over to Patrick who will elaborate on our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 financial performance. We’ll then have Steve discuss our fiscal 2021 outlook in his remarks. Patrick?
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I’ll start on Slide 9, Fourth Quarter Key Financial Information. Sales, segment margin, Adjusted EPS and free cash flow were all better than expected in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of better organic sales growth and productivity. Organic sales improved as the quarter progressed and were up 10% sequentially versus Q3. Compared to last year, Q4 organic sales were down 12% and acquisitions contributed just over 3% to total growth. Currency translation was a smaller headwind than expected and decreased sales by 0.3 points. Overall company backlog increased year-over-year in the quarter. Backlog for our short-cycle products was up double digits from a year-over-year and sequential perspective, even excluding the very large Independent Cart order Blake referred to earlier. Segment operating margin was 20.2%, the same as last year. The negative impact of lower sales was partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. Fourth quarter results included about $10 million of restructuring charges which are expected to yield over $15 million in additional annualized structural cost savings, most of these savings will be realized in fiscal 2021. General corporate net expense was $22 million, pretty much in line with what we expected. As I mentioned earlier, adjusted EPS of $1.87 was better than expected, mainly as a result of better organic sales, productivity, and a slightly lower tax rate. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 15%, a bit lower than we expected, due to a slightly different geographic mix of our pre-tax income. Free cash flow performance remained strong. We generated over $300 million of free cash flow in the quarter, well over 100% conversion on adjusted income. Note that this result includes a voluntary $50 million pre-tax contribution made to the U.S. pension plan. This voluntary pension contribution was not reflected in our prior guidance. Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our operating segments. Organic sales of both segments improved significantly compared to last quarter. Both segments were up about 10% on an organic basis compared to Q3, though organic sales remained lower compared to last year. Segment margin of both segments increased over 300 basis points compared to Q3, mainly due to higher organic sales, but also as a result of cost control including a full quarter benefit of our cost reduction actions and generally improving operating efficiencies. Compared to last year, Architecture & Software margins were up 100 basis points, despite the impact of lower sales, mainly as a result of our cost actions, including lower incentive compensation. Segment margins for the Control Products & Solutions segment declined 60 basis points compared to last year, with cost actions offsetting most of the impact of lower organic sales. The next Slide 11, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q4 fiscal 2019 to Q4 fiscal 2020. As you can see, core performance was down about $0.15 on a 12% organic sales decline. This implies core earnings conversion, that is, excluding the effects of acquisitions and currency of a little below 20%, which is a bit better than the outlook I shared with you in July. A positive adjusted EPS contribution from acquisitions is offset by unfavorable currency impacts. Slide 12 provides key financial information for full year fiscal 2020. After a good start to the fiscal year, we experienced significant year-over-year sales declines in the second half as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Organic sales declined 8% for the fiscal year. Our cost reduction actions protected key investments and helped to partially mitigate the impact of lower sales. We selectively increased investments in some of our highest priority areas. R&D expense was about flat compared to fiscal 2019, and R&D as a percent of sales increased further to 5.9% of sales in fiscal 2020. Full year segment margin remained at about 20% compared to record 22% segment margins last year, and Adjusted EPS was down 11%. Free cash flow performance remained strong, and excluding the $50 million voluntary pension contribution in fiscal 2020, was flat compared to last year. Free cash flow conversion was over 110% of adjusted income. And finally, return on invested capital remained well above our target of over 20%. Before I turn it over to Steve, I want to mention that we deployed about $1.3 billion of capital towards acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases in fiscal 2020. Our capital structure and liquidity remain very strong. At September 30, our fiscal year end, cash on the balance sheet was over $700 million, and our total debt was about $2 billion. During the fourth quarter, we paid off the $400 million term loan that we executed earlier in the year, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at September 30 was 1.0. With that, Steve.
Steve Etzel: Thank you, Patrick. Moving to Slide 13 product order trends, this slide shows our daily order trends for our products, which account for about two-thirds of our overall sales and represent our shorter-cycle businesses. As we expected, order intake for products continued to improve during the quarter. Our guidance for fiscal 2021 assumes this trend will continue. Daily product order performance through October continued to improve on a year-over-year basis, down low-single digits. Solutions orders are recovering slower than product orders. Let’s move on to the next Slide 14, guidance for fiscal 2021. As Blake mentioned, we are expecting sales of about $6.8 billion in fiscal 2021, up about 7.5% at the midpoint of the range. We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of 3.5% to 6.5% and about 5% at the mid-point of our range. From a calendarization viewpoint, we expect first half organic sales to be down compared to fiscal 2020, followed by a stronger second half with organic sales up mid-to-high teens. As a reminder, first half fiscal 2020 organic sales were about flat, followed by double-digit declines in the second half. We therefore expect easier comps starting in Q3 of fiscal 2021. We expect segment operating margin to be between 20% and 20.5% probably at the higher end of that range. At the midpoint, our guidance assumes full year core earnings conversion, which excludes the impacts of currency and acquisitions of between 30% and 35%. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to offset a $150 million year-over-year headwind related to fully funding our incentive compensation and reversing fiscal 2020 temporary cost reduction actions with additional productivity. We expect the full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be about 14%. This includes a 300-basis point benefit related to discrete items which we expect to realize late in the fiscal year. Our underlying adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be 17% to 18%. As disclosed in our earnings release, we are modifying our definition of adjusted EPS beginning in fiscal 2021. Under the new definition, we are now also excluding purchase accounting depreciation and amortization expense from adjusted EPS. This has the effect of increasing adjusted EPS by approximately $0.20 on a full year basis. Please note that we filed an 8-K this morning that provides historical information reflecting the new definition of adjusted EPS, as well as recast historical information for our new operating segments that we announced previously. Our adjusted EPS guidance range on the new basis is $8.45 to $8.85. This compares to fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS of $7.87 on the new basis. On an apples-to-apples basis, at the midpoint of the range, this represents 10% adjusted EPS growth on about 5% higher organic sales. We expect adjusted EPS to improve throughout the year and anticipate first quarter fiscal 2021 adjusted EPS to be lower than our fiscal 2020 fourth quarter performance, primarily as a result of a $0.30 sequential headwind related to increased incentive compensation expense and the reversal of our temporary cost actions as of the end of November. Finally, we expect full-year 2021 free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. This assumes $150 million of capital expenditures and a $50 million voluntary pre-tax U.S. pension contribution. A few additional comments on fiscal 2021 guidance, corporate and other expense, which we previously referred to as general corporate net expense, is expected to be around $105 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2021 is expected to be between $90 million and $95 million, a little lower than fiscal 2020. Finally, we’re assuming average diluted shares outstanding of about 117 million shares. The next Slide 15 provides the adjusted EPS walk from fiscal 2020 to the fiscal 2021 guidance midpoint. Moving from left to right, fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS was $7.68 on the old definition. Next you see the $0.19 impact of the new definition of adjusted EPS. So, fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS on the new basis was $7.87. Core performance is expected to contribute about $1.90. This includes the benefit of higher organic sales, as well as the benefit of our cost reduction actions. Reinstatement of the bonus and reversal of the temporary cost actions, together, will be a headwind of about $1.15. As mentioned in last quarter, we expect these headwinds to be offset by productivity, which is in core. Currency forecasts project a weaker U.S. dollar compared to fiscal 2020, which should contribute about $0.10 to EPS. The higher tax rate is expected to be about a $0.15 headwind. Acquisitions made during fiscal 2020, and so far this year, are expected to add about $0.10. Note that Sensia is now in core, as October 1 was the one-year anniversary of the formation of the joint venture. As mentioned, at the midpoint of our guidance range, adjusted EPS is $8.65. Moving on to the next Slide 16, I’ll make a few comments on our capital deployment framework. You may recognize this slide from our last Investor Day. Our capital deployment priorities remain the same. Our first priority is organic growth. After that, we focus capital deployment on inorganic activities. Then we focus on capital returns to shareowners, through our dividend and then repurchases. Our capital deployment plans for fiscal 2021 include dividends of about $500 million. As a reminder, we announced a 5% dividend increase last week. Consistent with our past track record, we expect our remaining capital deployment to include a balance of inorganic investments and share repurchases. We resumed share repurchases on October 1, the beginning of our fiscal year. In summary, our guidance assumes a continued sequential improvement in organic sales performance. Cost actions are expected to offset the significant headwind of reinstating incentive compensation and reversing temporary cost actions and we expect about 10% adjusted EPS growth and continued strong free cash flow conversion. Turning to Slide, 17, I’ll finish with a comment about our new segment structure which is effective for fiscal 2021. As a reminder, our first quarter fiscal 2021 results will be reported in the new, three-segment format as shown here. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Blake for some closing remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve. We continue to see our customers take steps to increase their resilience, agility, and sustainability. Resilience includes investments to reduce single points of failure, with a growing list of companies announcing plans to build or expand North American operations. Our strong market share in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada make us a natural beneficiary of these plans. Other measures to increase resilience include increased automation, traceability, and remote monitoring, which are all Rockwell strengths. We’re making investments in our own operations, which we’ll showcase during next week’s Investor Day. Our contribution to operations agility is demonstrated by our great results in consumer and life sciences packaging equipment and the growth of our software to manage the increasingly dynamic SKU’s offered by our customers. The pandemic has prompted new food and beverage packaging formats, along with quantities of testing kits, therapeutic drugs, and hopefully very soon, doses of vaccines. Quite simply, these cannot be manufactured at the necessary scale, safety, and quality without automation. We’re proud of the role our innovation is playing at Pfizer, Roche, and many other companies as we help the world recover. The need to increase the sustainability of industrial processes is only increasing. Clean drinking water is one of the reasons our Eco Industrial focus is so important for the future, along with electric vehicles and the everyday ways our products reduce energy consumption in every industry. This expanded value gives us optimism for the coming years. In fiscal 2021 we are guiding to high single-digit reported growth, paced by our highest-margin segment. This results in guidance that also includes double-digit EPS growth. I’m looking forward to telling you more about our plans next week, with the help of great customers, partners, and a very talented Rockwell leadership team. With that, let me pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Amy. Let’s take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning guys.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Scott Davis: And congrats, Patrick. Good luck. You’ll be missed, I’m sure.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Scott. This contract with the Navy is interesting. I mean, I haven’t heard you talk about Independent Cart in a while. What is the U.S. Navy doing with the technology?
Blake Moret: Scott, we can’t talk in specifics about the particular application, but I can tell you that Independent Cart in general allows for more precise motion control than some of the traditional methods of servo amps and other types of technology. So with the kind of acceleration and deceleration profiles that are needed for some of these high performance applications, Independent Cart was really a differentiated solution. It also has to operate and as you can imagine, very difficult environments. The vital point is that, while we don’t talk as much about our government business, now Rockwell’s been a trusted U.S. supplier to the government for a long time, and so some of these premium high-performance applications were a natural fit.
Scott Davis: Okay, makes sense. And then you mentioned Blake, PTC helping you add 200 new customer logos. What – I know that it might be a little bit varied, but any general theme around what type of new customers you’re able to bring in, any particular end markets, geographies, that type of thing that you could point to?
Blake Moret: Scott, one of the things that we’ve really been proud of our partnership with PTC is good diversity of customers and geographies that we’ve been able penetrate with the combined offering. So, while food and beverage and consumer-facing industries, as they are large for Rockwell’s overall business are the source of a lot of the applications. It goes across automotive and mining as well as many of the other industries that we talk about all the time. It gives us new ways to win in these, and some of the things that we’re most excited about that we’ve talked about before are that it’s not just on top of Rockwell control systems, about half of these applications are going on top of competitive control systems. So it’s a new way to add value and to be meaningful in those customers’ digital transformations. It’s really across the various industries and across the geographies. We have wins in every geography we serve.
Scott Davis: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, and good luck, guys.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Gordon Haskett. John, your line is open.
John Inch: Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody, and congratulations, Patrick.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, John. Thank you.
John Inch: Welcome. Do you guys expect the cadence of the 10% core sequential sales to be sustained throughout the year? I realized that in aware of your mid-single digit core year-over-year, but talk to me about just sort of the sequential cadence, and do you expect that to sustain itself or if not even perhaps accelerate over the balance of fiscal 2021 as part of your guide?
Steve Etzel: Hi, John, this is Steve. We expect a gradual sequential recovery throughout the year, including into the first quarter. And as we said on the call, that implies a first half decline year-over-year, and then a second half year-over-year growth rate in mid- to high-teens.
Blake Moret: Yes. What I would also add John is that we did see good orders in October in terms of improvement. So, particularly on the products, that was an encouraging sign as we entered the year. We have to say that services and solutions order recovery is lagging behind those product orders, but products are really the leading indicator that we look at.
John Inch: Right. Right. I understand that year-over-year. But does that translate into, like, how does that translate in terms of your expectations in terms of sequential improvement? Like we did 10% this quarter, do you expect that to slow in the December and March quarters and then pick back up? Just a little bit more color on how you think about the sequential trend.
Steve Etzel: Yes. John, I think it’s best to think of it as a mid-single digit quarter-to-quarter sequential growth in fiscal 2021.
John Inch: Okay, good. No, that’s helpful. And then just as a follow-up on your Page 15 on your EPS walk, where did the structural actions fall? I think you said in core, I just want to confirm that there’s no structural actions that are sort of offsetting the temporary return, like you’ve split it. And maybe I remember, Patrick, last quarter, you talked about you’re going to take out some redundant facilities, maybe some sales offices and stuff. Is there a way to quantify the carryover of this structural impact in EPS? So I see the $15 headwind. What does that map against in terms of this structural takeout that is in response to the pandemic, right? Like would have been sort of…
Steve Etzel: Sure. John, the $15 headwind that you see there on the walk is the bonus rehearsal, I’m sorry, the bonus reinstatement and the temporary cost reversal. That bonus is about $115 million in and of itself for the full year. I will point out by the way as it relates to the bonus; it’s obviously a full year headwind. The biggest headwind we’ll see on a year-over-year bonus is in the second, I’m sorry, yes, the second quarter, but each quarter will have some headwinds. In terms of some of the structural savings and so on, on that bridge, that’s all in core. We have about $60 million of structural savings, which relate to restructurings that we’ve taken over the last several quarters, including in Q4. And then there’s some other cost reduction actions through a cost improvement, if you will, through increased efficiencies in our plants and so on as volume increases.
John Inch: Great. No, that’s quite helpful. Thanks very much everyone. Appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thank you, John.
Steve Etzel: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Julian, your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. And thanks Patrick for all the help. And I look forward to working with you again, Steve. Perhaps, the first question just around the top line. Again, I understand that I think you called out good orders and good backlog trends in that the short cycle business and products, but wanted perhaps to focus on that solutions and service and process piece. I think the process sales were down 20% or so in Q4 guiding for low-single digit growth in the year ahead. Maybe help us understand how quickly you get to that return to growth in fiscal 2021. And when we should start to see that solutions? And so this book-to-bill looks a bit healthy, I think was down year-on-year, the book-to-bill in Q4.
Blake Moret: That’s right, Julian. Typically the book-to-bill is down for solutions and services in Q4, as we see normal seasonality increased the amount of shipments in the quarter. That being said, we are expecting orders to pick up in the first half of the year. Oil and gas is probably the most subdued as we talked about in some other areas like mining and pulp and paper, the activity is a little bit more vigorous. We continue to focus on the OpEx expenditures in oil and gas through Sensia. I would also say if we look at the typical performance of our various businesses, as we come out of a downturn like this, products are almost always going to lead the solutions and services orders. We’ve seen that repeated over many years and multiple cycles. So we’re not surprised by this. But at the end of the day, you have to compete and win for each order that’s up. There’s still business out there. We are confident that that activity is going to increase, but we have to be on the winning side as that business comes up. And that’s what we’re focused on, not only with our traditional resources, but with some of the new acquisitions. So we’ve got a really helping in that space. And I mentioned Kalypso, but there are other unsung heroes when we look at some of the acquisitions in OT cybersecurity with Avnet and Orlo, when we look at MES tech and the ability to quote even more competitively for the delivery of software-based projects, those are all going to help us recover just as fast as possible as those projects increase in frequency.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then maybe Blake, just a more strategic one and perhaps we’ll hear more about this at the Investor Day. But it did seem as if the broadening of that strategic alliance with PTC was quite substantive that you talked about a couple of weeks ago. Maybe give us some background as to why the relationship now includes PLM and SaaS. And maybe how your own perspectives on the benefits of co-offering PLM may have shifted, if at all?
Blake Moret: Sure. Julian, I know a couple of aspects of the expanded relationship. The starting point is that we have a great foundation. The pace of competitive wins is picking up. I mentioned before that it seems to be catalyzing the increased size of all of our software wins; so not just what we’re doing directly with PTC, but on the MES side as well, for instance, and then our own FactoryTalk analytics offering. Another specific example of the way that the partnership is evolving is that we’re focused on annual recurring revenue now. So it’s not just about the new annual contract value of wins, but it’s also about the total value of the business, including the renewals. And of course, that’s absolutely essential for us to be on the same side of the table, as we’re both focused on increasing that recurring base. Specifically with respect to PLM and Onshape and some of their offerings, we see the opportunity to help pull through PTC in some of these digital thread opportunities, we preserve an open approach and respect customers’ installed base. But having the ability when a customer is looking at PTC, the ability to include that in the digital thread offering is proving to be very valuable. And with the recent acquisition of Kalypso, we have formidable capabilities with respect to digital thread. So this is just another tool that we have at our disposal. And we continue to look for meaningful ways to integrate PTC technology with our own offering, not just on the software side, but also really importantly on the way that data is pulled from the control and brought up to that information layer.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Two for me. First is just kind of on the software and control side, thanks for the timely restates. Kind of interesting, right, the software and control kind of in the two worst quarters of the pandemic, basically performed in line with intelligent devices. What if you could just speak to your view of kind of resiliency in that business over time? And as part of that, if we’re going to talk ARR, can you baseline us on what it is for the fiscal year of 2020? So we are kind of level set here.
Blake Moret: Yes. Jeff, I’ll make a couple of comments. And then Patrick and Steve may add to that. I mean, software and control includes the essential heart of a control system. The control function, whether it’s based in hardware or software or a combination of the two is processing the inputs and changing the states of outputs. And that’s going to remain a persistent part of control systems in all of the industries that we serve. We see some evidence of that as we talked about the great performance in packaging on our end, compact logics really performed quite well relative to the rest of the control during the last couple of quarters. So we think that that’s an essential functionality and regardless of where the execution point moves from hardware and firmware to pure software or back, depending on customer preferences, we’re confident that we can continue to perform very well there. On the software side, the pure software side, we are increasing the focus on ARR. It’s a little bit over 5% of sales currently. And as we talked about last Investor Day, as we’ll talk about again next week, the goal is to bring it to 10% and more in the next few years, and we think we’re on a good path to do that. I should add it takes all hands on deck to make that happen. It starts with great software, either that we’re developing ourselves or that we’re buying. It also includes increasing our selling capabilities and significant part of our recent investments is adding sales who had a specific focus on software and also the infrastructure within the company to make sure we do a great job of processing those orders and that we’re decreasing churn rates and so on. So it’s really the full company on board and an integrated effort to grow that.
Jeff Sprague: And then separately, just on the decision to go ex-amort, just kind of interested in the philosophical decision there. I mean, we’ve seen it happen at other companies, so certainly you’re not alone. Most of the placements that happened there was kind of a investor push for it because the amortization was quite high relative to GAAP EPS. And there was a clear disconnect here. What should we – if anything gleaned from making this adjustment, right, it’s kind of 2% of earnings. I guess my read would be we’ve got a much more active M&A pipeline coming at us, but any color there would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Steve Etzel: Sure. This is Steve. We did a lot of benchmarking, as you said, we did get a lot of investor input as it relates to this. We obviously have been on a path doing more acquisitions than perhaps in our history. We have a goal of growing top line more than a point per year from acquisitions and we have been doing more. And we thought now is the right time to make the change and come more in line with a lot of other companies that we compare our substance.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Steve, your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: So just thinking about kind of the sequential or I guess the year-over-year performance, maybe a little bit better, because John kind of got you on the sequential side, 2Q last year you guys outperformed almost everybody by a lot. And anything you guys want to kind of highlight as far as the project comps there at all in the second quarter that we should take down of in our models?
Blake Moret: Steve, I think we’re in a period of time in general where things are going to be highly variable by geographies and by end markets and by end user, OEM split. So we’re kind of top line there, you’re correct and I think in Q2, it looks like our performance last year outpaced pretty much all of our competitors. And during this time, relative position and amount of business in different parts of the world, I think are going to have a big impact on the results. In general, the theme is of course towards recovery. And as we said, as we pull out from the Q3 trough, we expect gradually recovering conditions and a return to strong year-over-year growth in Q3 as industrial production returns to grow and as we have easier comps. The other point I would make regarding Q2 that you mentioned fiscal 2020, it was broad-based. Automotive, I think was a bit of a positive surprise, but it wasn’t just automotive, but there were a number of industries that were positive in the quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just – yes, go ahead. Sorry.
Patrick Goris: I am just going to elaborate a little bit on what I mentioned earlier since you brought up Q2. But all of our bonus headwinds of $115 million for the full year, the headwind is going to play out by quarter something like $10 million headwind in Q1, $45 million to $50 million in Q2 and approaching $30 million per quarter in Q3 and Q4.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. And then just lastly on these new segment breakouts, on the Software & Control side, I mean, I think the majority of those sales are kind of logics and the PLCs, those margins and I think in 2019 at the peak were 30% for that segment, given that the vast majority of that segment is the hardware. Can I assume that hardware sale is pretty high margin for you guys?
Blake Moret: Well, yes, no question that logics hardware is good margin for us. If you do the math and you look at what we’ve provided on fiscal 2020 breakout by segment, about $1.7 billion in Software & Control and all of the software is in this segment. So that, we said it was over $500 million in fiscal 2020 of the pure software. And then, I should also mention, that this is the segment that is currently attractive in the majority of our investment. So whether it’s in logics or it’s in the software development as a percentage of sales this segment would have the highest investment.
Steve Tusa: Right. And then PTC related sales that come through there, I think you’ve said will flow through at your kind of normal incremental margin. So, you’re basically booking similar margins on those PTC sales, if you will?
Steve Etzel: Steve, the way you can think about it, if we package PTC and offerings to one of our customers we probably achieve between 30% and 40% incremental margins there, so in-line with overall company average, lower of course than it would be our own controllers or our own software.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Great, thanks a lot for the color. I appreciate it.
Steve Etzel: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: You’re next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Andy, your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning guys. Patrick, congrats. Steve, looking forward to working with you again.
Steve Etzel: Thank you, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake. I know you spoke about this a bit in your prepared remarks, but can you give us a little more color into what you’re seeing in terms of your customers, either reassuring or investing to avoid single points of failure? We know you’ve talked about in the past, life sciences, semiconductors, are you seeing investment continuing to increase in these sectors or actually increasing outside of these sectors? And when you think about the order uptake you’ve seen, would you characterize the significant amount of orders as it related to this type of investment?
Blake Moret: Yes. As we’ve talked about before Andy, life science is probably the area where we have the longest list of customers that have announced plans to do things in the U.S. Some of these have been public about what they’re doing. You take about, what Becton, Dickinson is doing or Sanofi and so on, and other customers that we’re working with, but they haven’t yet disclosed that publicly and so we respect that. We’ve also seen some high profile semiconductor announcements that we’ve talked in the past about Taiwan Semi and the work that we’re doing with them. And there are some others out there in other industries, our consumer electronics, consumer tools, I’d say it’s a steady cadence and we have – let’s say get started kids, if you will to work with customers who are considering doing these sorts of things that our salespeople are familiar with. It’s really a part of the overall attempts for resilience. So we’re not seeing an avalanche of that reassuring. We see that steady, but the business that’s coming out of it, it’s meaningful. It’s certainly in the millions of dollars that we’re seeing there.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that Blake. And then can you give us more color into what you’re seeing in the automotive markets? You mentioned it was better than you expected, but down 20% in Q4, as you know was only modestly better than Q3, it declined and auto builds did improve materially globally. So we know you’re guiding automotive being up 10% in FY 2021, was there anything that kind of held you back in Q4 versus build and maybe update us on sort of the EV transition we’re seeing seems to be accelerating a bit that should help you, I think as you go into 2021.
Blake Moret: Yes, we did see as with almost all our industries, so good sequential. It was so strong, a double-digit sequential increase in automotive. So up 20% gives us optimism. Then as we talk about, fiscal year 2021 get into around 10% growth in automotive. We think we have a line of sight on the projects and the improving MRO to substantiate that. And obviously within there, areas like electric vehicle that we think are particularly good for us as we see higher win rates in EV than across the general portfolio for automotive.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that. Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Andy, welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Andrew, your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Hey, good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: So Patrick congratulations. And Steve, look forward to working with you again as everybody has mentioned. Maybe Patrick, I’ll ask you a question about Mexican effects, I won’t do that. Just a couple of questions, so first, you also announced in addition to PTC partnership, you also announced the expansion of your partnership with Microsoft. And I was just wondering, because Microsoft is aligned with PTC, but yet they’re trying to do their own thing in industrial vertical. Can you just talk a little bit more, what it is you are doing more with Microsoft, because clearly you guys have been aligned for a long time, but is there anything new there? They’re more focused on SaaS, more focused on cloud. So that’s my first question.
Patrick Goris: Sure. The primary focus of this new expansion of work with Microsoft is targeted at Azure infrastructure and the cloud. And so we’re working with Microsoft and we’ll be demonstrating some of our new capabilities that are already well along in the areas of design as well as information in using a SaaS approach for new capabilities. So these really complement our existing capabilities and are kind of a forerunner of a significant amount of new functionality, both on-prem and in the cloud that customers will see over the next year or so. So it’s really, it’s focused on combining forces using their expertise with Azure in our OT expertise to provide new design tools for customers and we’re very excited about it. I’m excited, not only about the functionality, the specific functionality that’s going to bring, but it’s the pace with which we were able to join forces, assemble teams and to come together to create new value. From the first meeting really that we talked about this with Microsoft to now it’s been less than a year. And that’s a great foreshadowing of things to come.
Andrew Obin: Do you need to reconfigure your sales force to out-sale to sort of do more of the SaaS Azure sales?
Blake Moret: We’re certainly going to be adding additional talent and learning new motions within our sales force, but it’s really a microcosm of the overall convergence of IT and OT. Our home field advantage is understanding of these customers and the operational technologies and what happens on the plant floor and how they make money or avoid downtime. And complimenting that with perspectives of people who understand the software selling motion is what we’re right in the middle of now. We’re making significant investments in new talent, training enablement for our overall sales force and so it’s bringing that talent up together, the existing plus the new.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question, again with the new administration, frankly we are hearing from a lot of investors that new administration maybe mean less focused on reassuring, because tariffs will go away. What kind of conversations have you had with your customers, about sort of contingency plans and their longer-term strategy on capacity in the U.S. and globally, in light of the election results. Thank you.
Blake Moret: We’re encouraged in that, the Biden campaign and the Biden administration has talked about the importance of U.S. manufacturing. And so that is the single most important issue for us. And we’re optimistic that they recognize the importance that manufacturing in this country plays as a part of the vital core of the American economy. And so we’re looking forward to working with them through professional organizations and so on, to find ways to increase the manufacturing in the U.S. along with the attendant issue of workforce development which is a crucial issue for us as well.
Andrew Obin: Very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Nigel, your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for fitting me in here. So just want to go back to John’s question on sequential sales. Did you say 1Q up 5% and I’m not sure if that was what you indicated. Just normally 1Q is below 4Q, so I just want to make sure I got that right.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So, we are seeing some momentum as I just described in the product side, but it’s typical for Q1 for solutions to be down. So my general comment was roughly mid-single digit sequential growth. It could be a little slower than that in Q1. And that’s part of the reason why we’ve mentioned that Q1 EPS could be down sequentially, expected to be done sequentially from Q4 then as well as the sequential headwind from the temporary actions being reversed and bonus being reinstated.
Nigel Coe: Right. But the point is that there’s enough momentum in products that offset the seasonal down take inflations?
Patrick Goris: Yes, I think directionally that’s probably the case.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then the expansion of the relationship with PTC, one of your big competitors has taken a very strong view on the PLM, PLC integration. And I think historically Rockwell has been a bit more skeptical about that. I’m just wondering, has there been a change in your view of integration amongst those layers? And then sort of within that, have you done all of the investment required to offer integrated solution with PTC or is there still some investment spending to be done around that?
Blake Moret: Yes. Our view is that, our customer is going to have multiple applications to create their version of the digital thread and that’s going to vary by different industries. So what you’re looking for in terms of the digital thread in oil and gas is going to be different than what you’re looking for in automotive typically. Let’s say, we are selectively looking at integration between interesting parts of the PTC portfolio. One of the specific areas that Jim Heppelmann highlighted during LiveWorx this past summer was Onshape and our Emulate3D simulation capabilities. And so that’s one area that’s very interesting, and we have differentiated value. We’re using it in our own facilities and it’s helped us win competitively in other areas. But that doesn’t mean that we have to have that capability in every instance in-house. So an open approach and respecting the investment that customer has already have made in terms of training and installation, different vendors, application software in industry is an important tenant of our approach to the market. And so we don’t necessarily need to own everything, but where we pick particularly interesting use cases like the one I just mentioned between Onshape and Emulate3D, that’s an example where we will go deeper and we will provide additional integration tools to add that value.
Nigel Coe: Right. Well, thanks Blake. Thanks, Steve. And Patrick, good luck.
Steve Etzel: Thank you, Nigel.
Operator: This concludes our question-and answer-session. I will now turn the call back over to Jessica Kourakos for closing remarks.
Jessica Kourakos: Thank you. Thank you, Amy. I’ll turn it back to the Blake for few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. Nobody is better positioned than Rockwell and our partners to bring information technology and industrial operational technology together. We remain focused on the well-being of our employees, and we continue to manage thoughtfully through a gradual recovery. At the same time, we are happy to see the positive results of steps being taken to accelerate profitable growth. I also want to wish Patrick all the best. Patrick, you’ve played a big role in our success, and you will be missed. We wish you all good health and thank you for your interest and support.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may just disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone today’s conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at the website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before we begin discussing our results and outlook, I’d like to make just a few opening remarks. While we, as a company, are managing well in this environment, we are highly sensitive to the toll this is taking on our employees during this time. Beyond the fear of a loved one getting sick, racial injustice is on our minds as we develop actions as a company, and as individuals, that will help put a permanent end to the denial of fundamental human rights. Additionally, thousands of our employees continue to work under very difficult conditions, including the temporary pay cuts we implemented in May. These pay cuts were necessary to better align our costs to current business conditions while preserving jobs, but there is a limit to how long they can remain in place. I hope we would be in a position to announce a firm end-date to the temporary pay reductions by now, since our goal has always been to reverse them as soon as possible. However, business conditions remain weak and the recent surge of COVID-19 infections has worried all of us, and nobody can predict with accuracy when a combination of social distancing practices, therapeutic medicines, and eventual vaccines will turn the tide. We do intend to reverse the temporary pay reductions by the end of December and hopefully sooner. In addition, this quarter we will make another special payment to our manufacturing associates worldwide, who are on the front lines of maintaining our essential operations. There are many reasons to be optimistic, and I am immensely proud of all of our employees and the great work they are doing. Our Environmental, Health, and Safety team is working around the clock to keep employees safe, and our technology is crucial to projects that are increasing mask and respirator production to far higher levels than four months ago. Candidate therapeutics and vaccines are being produced and packaged with the help of our innovation and expertise around the world. In short, our employees are having a direct impact on protecting the health of millions of people around the world, and I want to thank them all for their dedication. Turning now to our results on Slide 3. While business conditions remain difficult, and results in Q3 were down year-over-year, earnings were higher than we expected for the quarter, primarily driven by better organic sales. Total sales declined by 16% versus the prior year, including a three-point contribution from inorganic investments. Organic sales were down about 17.5%, and better than the 20% decline we were expecting heading into the quarter. Product sales outperformed our expectations, and were driven by better performance in Logix, Motion and Network and Security Infrastructure. We also had a number of new strategic wins in process applications against major process competitors. These wins spanned several industries this quarter, including Life Sciences, Food & Beverage and Oil & Gas. One of the more notable wins was with Companhia Cacique de Café Soluvel, the largest exporter of instant coffee in Brazil and one of the largest in the world. They are building a new, technologically advanced coffee plant to expand production capacity. This was a highly competitive greenfield win, and we beat our biggest competitors based on our technology and track record with the customer. This win includes a broad suite of Rockwell technology: FactoryTalk Innovation Suite software, drives, Connected Services, as well as newly-released process control technology within Logix that enhances our differentiation against traditional DCS systems. Turning to Information Solutions and Connected Services. Sales were down slightly, partly due to travel restrictions and limited access to customer sites. However, IS/CS orders grew double digits over the prior year and showed strong growth in both software as well as connected services. Turning now to earnings. Adjusted EPS was $1.27, and our strong cash flow performance further reinforces our already-strong balance sheet and liquidity position. Let’s now turn to Slide 4, where I will provide a few highlights of our Q3 organic end-market performance. Our Discrete market segment declined approximately 20% with Automotive performing better than we projected in April, based on the factory closures at that time. Semiconductor saw positive growth in the quarter, up mid-single digits, and continues to benefit from secular tailwinds in 5G, datacenters, and the Internet of Things. We also see ecommerce as an important emerging driver of our discrete business, due to the excellent fit of our technology with fulfillment center applications. Our Hybrid market segment declined about 10% with Food & Beverage and Life Sciences performing in line with our expectations. Food & Beverage customers continued to experience extremely high demand and as a result, we are helping them focus their resources on maximizing production. These customers continue to show strong interest in digital transformation solutions that will improve their resiliency and flexibility. Although timing around these projects has been delayed as a result of the pandemic, we would expect Food & Beverage to begin to improve over the coming months. One meaningful indicator for the Food & Beverage vertical continues to come from Packaging OEMs, which showed positive growth in the quarter. Turning to Life Sciences. We continue to expect Life Sciences to have a strong finish to the year, due to the industry’s strong focus on digital transformation, as well as our involvement with the leading companies making significant investments in COVID-related vaccines and treatments. Process markets were down approximately 25% with Oil & Gas a little weaker. In general, process markets are more solutions-based and require more hands-on interaction, both at the front-end of a new project as well as at the back-end for final commissioning and delivery. We saw physical restrictions and continuing lack of access to plants due to COVID having a more significant impact on these industries. Turning now to Slide 5, and our organic regional sales performance in the quarter. North America declined by 20% with weaker process industries partly offset by better resiliency in discrete and hybrid industry segments. In this region, product sales performed better than our solutions and services. EMEA sales outperformed our expectations and benefited from PPE production and double-digit growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services. Asia Pacific sales declined 10% with year-over-year positive growth in Automotive and Semiconductor. China sales declined mid-single digits, but saw orders return to positive growth in the quarter. Broad-based Latin America declines were led by very weak Automotive performance. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 6. Last quarter, we forecasted that our fiscal third quarter sales would be down approximately 20% followed by sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. We came in slightly better than that in Q3, and our mix of product was also more favorable. However, the rate of recovery in our solutions and services business is slower than we anticipated, due to the continued restricted movement of people. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic, and global efforts to respond to it, are rapidly evolving. Our projections assume that a gradual recovery continues, with no increase in pandemic-related facility closures or disruptions to the supply chain. Based on all the information we have available at this time, we expect organic sales to decline approximately 8% for the fiscal year. No change from our prior full year guidance midpoint. We expect inorganic investments to contribute about four points of growth to the year, and adjusted EPS to reach $7.50 at the midpoint. That’s up from the guidance midpoint of $7.30 we set in April. We continue to target free cash flow conversion at over 100%. With that, let me now turn it over to Patrick who will elaborate on our third quarter financial performance and fiscal 2020 outlook in his remarks. Patrick?
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I’ll start on Slide 8, third quarter key financial information. For the third quarter, organic sales were down 17.6% compared to last year, and acquisitions contributed just over 3% to total growth. Currency translation was a larger headwind than expected due to a stronger U.S. dollar, and decreased sales by 1.9 points. Orders performed better than sales, and were down mid-teens year-over-year. Overall, company backlog increased year-over-year for the quarter. Segment operating margin was 16.5%, down 730 basis points compared to last year’s record high, primarily due to lower sales. General corporate net expense is up slightly compared to last year, mainly as a result of unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments related to our deferred and non-qualified compensation plans. Adjusted EPS of $1.27 was better than expected. During April’s call, I mentioned that we expected adjusted EPS to be a bit over $1, based on an organic sales decline of about 20%. Organic sales performance at minus 17.6% was better than expected, as was product mix, and discrete tax items were about a $0.05 benefit to our results in the quarter. Our results include about $15 million or $0.10 of adjusted EPS of restructuring charges, which are offset by a gain on an asset sale. From an operating earnings perspective, both items are evenly split between the two segments. On the statement of operations on page ten of our press release, the gain on sale is included in other income and the restructuring charges are included in SG&A. You will note that SG&A is up about $9 million year-over-year, reflecting not only the restructuring charges, but also the incremental SG&A from acquisitions made this fiscal year. The combined impact of these two items is a year-over-year increase of over $30 million in SG&A expense. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter of 13.5% was lower than we expected, due to a benefit from option exercises. Free cash flow in the quarter of $311 million was a strong result in this environment, with over 200% conversion on adjusted income – further enhancing our liquidity. Slide 9 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our operating segments. I will just point out that the main driver of segment margin reduction is lower sales. The book-to-bill for our solutions and services businesses was 1.05 for Q3, with continued project delays impacting these businesses rather than project cancellations. The next slide, 10, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q3 fiscal 2019 to Q3 fiscal 2020. As you can see, core performance was down significantly on the large organic revenue decline in the quarter. Our temporary cost reduction actions, and a lower tax rate, partially mitigated the impact of the large sales decline. The restructuring charge and the gain on the asset sale pretty much offset each other. The Adjusted EPS impact of acquisitions was about $0.05 dilutive, including intangible amortization. Core earnings conversion in the quarter, that is, excluding the effects of acquisitions and currency, was about 50% roughly in line with the outlook comments that I shared with you in April. Before I move on, I want to mention that we continue to be in a strong position regarding our capital structure and liquidity. At June 30, cash on the balance sheet was over $900 million, and our total debt was about $2.4 billion. You can find a current update of our balance sheet and liquidity slide in the appendix. Moving to slide 11, product order trends. This slide shows our global daily order trends for our product businesses. Our product businesses represent about two-thirds of our overall sales, and include our shorter-cycle, book and bill businesses. Within the quarter, daily product orders troughed in April followed by sequential improvement in May, June, and continuing into July through Friday of last week. Our updated guidance assumes this improving trend continues at a gradual pace. Moving to slide 12. I’ll provide a brief update on a few things that we discussed on our last earnings call with respect to COVID-19. Our first priority remains employee and customer safety. Access to customer sites improved throughout the third quarter, but remains a challenge for our solutions and services businesses. This affects not only our utilization rates and creates associated inefficiencies, but also project timing. We continue to experience project delays in our solutions and services businesses, and the rate of improvement is slower than we expected in April. We are however not seeing a pickup in cancellations, just project pushouts. Regarding our own manufacturing operations and supply chain, our plants continue to be operational and meet current demand. Supply disruptions have generally been mitigated, but we continue to incur higher freight costs and inefficiencies in our operations as we focus on the safety and well-being of our employees. During the quarter, we approved incremental investments to increase the resiliency of our supply chain and operations. For example, we’re in the process of making investments to provide us more flexibility to produce products in multiple locations around the world. This includes capital investments in some of our U.S. facilities. Finally, the temporary cost actions we implemented during Q3 remain in place. The temporary cost actions and absence of a bonus earned are tailwinds for us in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. As these items are reversed, they will present a headwind for fiscal 2021. We intend to neutralize that headwind through the structural cost actions we have taken this year, additional cost savings identified, and by maintaining lower levels of discretionary spending. Let’s move on to the next slide, 13, Updated Guidance. We now expect full year fiscal 2020 reported sales to be down approximately 5.5%. We continue to project organic sales to be down about 8% compared to last year. Segment margin is still expected to be about 19.5%. The lower adjusted effective tax rate mainly reflects the discrete items we benefited from in the third quarter. Our updated adjusted EPS guidance range is $7.40 to $7.60. At the midpoint, this is $0.20 higher than prior guidance, reflecting our third quarter performance and a lower tax rate for the full year. On a year-over-year basis, our guidance at the midpoint assumes full-year core earnings conversion, which excludes the impacts of currency and acquisitions, of about 35%. General corporate net is still expected to be about $95 million. Purchase accounting amortization expense for the full year is expected to be about $40 million. Net interest expense for fiscal 2020 is still expected to amount to about $100 million. We expect non-controlling-interest to be slightly positive, given lower earnings at Sensia. We expect continued strong free cash flow performance, with free cash conversion of over 100% of adjusted income. Finally, with respect to repurchases, we spent about $50 million in the third quarter. Our guidance does not assume any additional share repurchases for the remainder of fiscal 2020. Average fully diluted share count is now expected to be 116.6 million for fiscal 2020. Our capital deployment priorities remain the same. Our first priority is organic growth. After that, we focus capital deployment on inorganic activities. Then, we focus on capital returns to shareowners, through our dividend and then share repurchases. With that, I’ll turn it back over to you Blake to for some additional remarks before we start Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Patrick. Let’s turn now to slide 14. While the pandemic has disrupted our normal course of business in the short-term, we believe it is also accelerating the need for industrial automation and digital transformation solutions that address manufacturing safety, as well as operational flexibility and resiliency. To better align us with the evolving needs of our customers, we are very excited to announce our three new operating segments, simplifying our structure around essential offerings, leveraging our sharpened industry focus, and adding software talent, which will play a larger role in our future value. This is the next step toward accelerating the profitable growth strategy that we discussed last year at Investor Day. It is also no coincidence that these operating segments map very closely to how our customers think about technology. If you recall, this is a similar technology stack to the one we reviewed at Investor Day last November. To begin with, the products included in our Intelligent Devices segment are every bit as important as they have always been. Intelligent Devices are the inputs and outputs for industrial processes, and they are also where the data is born. Moving up, control is at the heart of automation, and customers continue to demand high reliability and safety in their processes. We also see the growing role software can play to increase flexibility and insight across global customer operations. We’re focusing on these crucial, integrated capabilities, and adding additional talent in our new software and control segment. And finally, the domain expertise provided by our lifecycle services ensures the positive business outcomes that give our customers a faster return on their automation investment. The three segments will continue to share a common sales organization and supply chain. Having a single sales force, knowledgeable in their customer’s applications, simplifies the way customers interact with us. This is just one way in which simplification delivers efficiencies for both us and our customers. Our leadership will continue to blend experienced Rockwell leaders with fresh perspectives. Fran Wlodarczyk will lead the Intelligent Devices segment; Frank Kulaszewicz will lead the Lifecycle Services segment, and we will begin an external search for the leader of Software & Control. In the interim, Chris Nardecchia, our current Senior Vice President of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer, will serve as the leader for that segment. In addition, to accelerate the evolution of our culture, Becky House has become Chief Administrative and Legal Officer, which includes leadership of our talent, legal, ethics and compliance, and Environmental, Health & Safety teams. Our culture is the foundation for accelerated growth under this new structure. It reflects a willingness to compare ourselves to the best alternatives our stakeholders have; a focus on increasing the speed of decision-making; ensuring we have a steady stream of fresh ideas; and, of course, our strong culture of integrity and inclusion. A more detailed view of what is included in each segment can be found on slide 15. Turning to slide 16. These segments create clear focus for each of these essential offerings, and they all have plenty of room to gain share and profitably accelerate our growth in expanding markets. This new structure positions us well to deliver value to customers in what is being called the new normal. Turning to slide 17, I’ll make some additional comments on the secular changes we’re seeing in our market. As you may recall, last quarter, we talked about the increasing need for customers to build resiliency and flexibility in their operations and supply chains. That includes the need for life sciences companies to increase their local manufacturing capability for medicines and medical devices in the U.S.; and the need for innovative technologies to drive higher levels of productivity, flexibility, sustainability, traceability, and safety. In the last three months, we have seen examples of all of these trends. Many life sciences companies recently announced they are in the process of expanding their North American manufacturing footprints and supply chains, and other companies in discrete industries are planning to do the same. In the quarter, we also won business with Johnson & Johnson to deliver technology for their new Universal Machine, which represents the epitome of flexible manufacturing. The Universal Machine is a collaborative, mobile robot that will be deployed in response to the COVID-19 crisis, and can be repurposed to do machine loading and unloading, end of line packaging and inspection activities, or warehouse material handling activities where social distancing is needed. We think many companies will be interested in adding this type of flexible automation technology to their manufacturing environments in the future. And evidence continues to build for the need for more remote capabilities. In the quarter, we had a key win in EMEA with a major oil company that is making investments in Sensia technology to significantly increase their remote monitoring capabilities. In addition to our remote monitoring capabilities, the value of our augmented reality offering with PTC is very compelling to customers as they increasingly look for alternative ways to operate their plants efficiently and safely, and to re-skill their workers as quickly as possible. These trends are unfolding now, and as you can see from many of the offerings on this slide, we are well aligned to customers’ needs as they manage through this new normal. Nobody is better positioned to bring information technology and industrial operational technology together than Rockwell and our partners. Our customers’ efforts to increase resilience and agility have the potential to provide meaningful tailwinds for years to come. With that, let me pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
A - Jessica Kourakos: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So, please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Lisa, let’s take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Scott.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Good morning. I like these new segments. This seems simpler. But anyways, can you help us understand the margin, maybe perhaps some margin differences between the three?
Patrick Goris: Yes, Scott. Good morning. Patrick, here. We’re still fine-tuning this a little bit and operationalizing the changes, of course. But preliminary estimates based on fiscal 2019 results, and the numbers I’m going to give you is, give or take, a few points in each the direction. Think of Intelligent Devices as being about 20%, Software & Control about 30%, and Lifecycle Service is about 15%. And so roughly, these are based on fiscal 2019, the segment margins. And I would add to that, Scott, that – and it may be very helpful for you guys is we do not intend to change our definition of segment operating earnings.
Scott Davis: Super helpful, okay. And just as a follow-on, I can’t remember you guys doing an external search for a operating role before. Did I hear you correctly, Blake? Blake? That you’re doing to do an external search for Software & Control? Maybe some color around what you’re looking for there.
Blake Moret: Sure. I mean, we’ve talked about our culture as involving a steady stream of new ideas. And bringing those new ideas into the organization comes from unlocking that innovation from our existing talent in the organization. It comes from acquisitions, and it comes from hiring at different levels of the organization as well. And we’ve got great existing leadership in the company, but there’s always good ideas that we can incorporate from the outside. And so as we launch this new segment of Software & Control, we do expect to bring those perspectives in with the leader of that segment.
Scott Davis: Okay. Good luck to you, guys. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Thanks, Scott.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I’m wondering if we could talk about the sales or credit risks with, say, smaller oil and gas operators or EV start ups? And in that context, could you also talk about your auto industry project outlook?
Patrick Goris: Yes, John. Patrick here.
John Inch: Good morning.
Patrick Goris: From a probably a receivable risk or credit and collection risk, we would actually say that in the last quarter overall, our overall, call it, the current receivable percent actually slightly improved. And so I’d say that doesn’t mean that there are some – one these twosies, where we may have some challenges. We always have that. But I’d say our overall portfolio has actually improved in the last quarter.
Blake Moret: Yes. I would also add to that, John. And from an EV standpoint, we watch closely. We recognize that the rush to add electric vehicle portfolios from big and small companies is new. And not all of those start-ups are going to survive. So, we manage that closely. I should also add, because so much of our business goes through distribution, we’re keeping very close to our distributors during this time so that we’re in constant communication to make sure that we understand what they’re going through. And so that’s an important part of our day-to-day operational activities, both in terms of the direct project business as well as the flow business through distribution.
John Inch: All right. And then the auto industry project outlook? How are you guys thinking about that heading into sort of second half of this year and next year? The parts of EV versus traditional, whatever you like.
Blake Moret: Sure. I think from an electric vehicle standpoint, a lot of these companies, whether they’re big established companies that have divisions devoted to EV or they’re start-ups, they have to bring a portfolio of vehicles to market to get a return on all that investment. And while those projects, in some cases, have been delayed, we’ve seen very little in the way of cancellations there. And I think that’s probably a general view of the automotive industry in that we did see MRO a little bit better than our expectations in the quarter. It was low, but it was better than we feared. And projects continue to move, although at a slower pace.
John Inch: That’s helpful. And then just lastly, could we put a frame around the restructuring and cost out actions. So I think, if we go back to last quarter, there was $150 million – I think you said the phraseology was “mostly temporary.” How much did you get out of the quarter? And I apologize if you said that, how much more is to come? And then I saw there were some restructuring charges. Maybe you could talk about kind of what those actions do for you in 2020 and what the setup is kind of on that basis for 2021? And obviously, are you contemplating even more restructuring or footprint realignment or stuff that could be more of a permanent nature, I think, like you did mention or maybe, Patrick, you mentioned you were going to try and offset, right, the temporary actions with other sort of measures. Maybe we could just sort of flesh that out a little bit. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Yes, John. So, in April, we mentioned that we implemented cost reductions that would yield over $150 million in year-over-year savings. That included a significant amount from temporary actions related to not having a bonus this year, but also some of the temporary pay cuts we implemented. We are achieving the savings we targeted. The temporary actions remain in place. As we undo dose temporary actions in fiscal 2021, they provide a headwind. That headwind, based on, as Blake mentioned in his comments, on doing the pay cuts at the end of the calendar year, that headwind is a little north of $130 million. We intend to neutralize that through: one, structural cost actions we’ve taken in September last year with some carryover, but also the cost actions that we’ve announced today. Those combined are expected to yield over $40 million of incremental savings in fiscal 2021. We’ve identified additional cost savings that are a little over $50 million. And then finally, we expect to maintain lower levels of discretionary spend going forward. Maybe a little bit more color on the additional cost savings that I talked about. That includes permanent elimination of some open positions. In fiscal 2020, we have some one-time costs and inefficiencies related to the pandemic or even acquisitions, and we’re in the process of reducing our real estate footprint globally. And so a lot of moving pieces there, but it is our intention to neutralize the reversal of temporary actions in fiscal 2021 through these cost actions.
John Inch: Got it, very helpful. Thanks, everyone. Good luck.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, John.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Patrick Goris: Hi, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Hey, maybe, just a first question on the top line point. If you could clarify what the solutions and services orders did year-on-year? Sorry, if I missed that. And also if the cadence of those incoming orders has broadly matched the slight improvement you’re seeing month-on-month on the product side or whether the order intake is lagging to what you’re seeing on the product improvement?
Blake Moret: Yes. So, on the solutions and services, year-over-year, I would just say that our book-to-bill was 1.05 and that we built backlog in the quarter. And that our backlog is up year-over-year for our solutions and services as well. And I think that provides you some indication there. In terms of timing of orders for solutions and services, I think looking at that by week or by month is not always as helpful as it is for our flow business, our product businesses. And so I don’t think that providing that by month would be very helpful. What we have seen is some project pushouts. But as more and more customers have opened up, we’ve seen our services folks being called back into customer locations, and we’ve seen our solutions people being able to enter some of our customer facilities as well. And so there is an improvement sequentially there.
Patrick Goris: I would also add Julian, that the solutions and services orders and shipments are probably a little more subject to calendarization within the quarter to our products and that orders tend to come in later in the month and the last month of the quarter for both orders and shipments is typically stronger. So, it’s a little more sensitive to which month you’re in than the product flow.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then my second question on the margins, just wanted to clarify that the segment margin guide for the year, that does embed a narrower decremental margin in the fourth quarter than what you saw in Q3. Maybe just help us understand what drives that? And also, if you could clarify the investment spend, what that is doing in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So, investment spend for the second half of the year is about down, about 6% year-over-year. Basically the same as what I shared with you last quarter. In terms of Q4 decrementals, they will be better. And so we expect our core decrementals to be in the mid-20s in Q4 and the main reason for that is that we get a bigger benefit from the temporary cost actions. We get three months rather than two months and in the fourth quarter compared to the last year, we have about a $30 million benefit as well from lower incentive compensation expense. So, higher run rate of the cost actions we have taken and also a bigger tailwind for lower incentive compensation in the fourth quarter.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Julian.
Blake Moret: Thank you, Julian.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open. Jeff Sprague, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: I’m sorry, good day everyone. Just a little more color if we could on kind of the trajectory here as we exited the quarter. This progression you showed on Slide 11, can you just give us some sense on June and July versus kind of prior year levels? What those order trends look like?
Patrick Goris: The order transfer, they were still down significantly versus the prior year for both June and July. And so we – the worst performance year-over-year from an order perspective was in April. We’ve improved sequentially since, but they’re still down in the mid-teens for both June. And we’re, I would say, gradually improving sequentially and as well as the year-over-year delta is becoming smaller.
Jeff Sprague: You said the quarter was down mid-teens. June was also down mid-teens basically, sounds like. Could we dig a little further in the…
Patrick Goris: April was the worst from a year-over-year perspective. And the subsequent months were a little bit better from a year-over-year perspective on the order intake.
Jeff Sprague: All right. Thanks for that clarification. On the food and beverage side, can you elaborate a little bit more what you’re seeing? We’ve seen a reduction in SKUs and things like this as retailers try to push them out and more going through e-commerce and the like. It sounds like that is at least a temporary headwind on the business. How do you see that playing out?
Blake Moret: Yes. A couple of things and let me just circle back, Jeff, to put a finer point on Patrick’s comments. The order development that we’ve seen over the last few months is consistent with that idea of a gradual recovery. So, as we look at that year-over-year and sequentially, a gradual recovery is what we continue to see through month-to-date in July. From a food and beverage standpoint, the basic issue is that these companies, given are weighting more heavily towards prepackaged food that goes to the grocery store or directly to the home, they’re running full out. And so most of our efforts and theirs are devoted to maintaining production at really high levels. We’re seeing a continued demand for flexibility. In this case, the food producers are moving quickly to be able to change their packaging formats to be able to meet what’s being bought today. And in many cases, people who were eating at home much more than they ever have. We think that long term, the trend towards additional flexibility will only become greater. People are going to continue to want a variety of packaging formats, and we really haven’t seen an overall SKU reduction across the industry. The mantra of the packaging machine OEMs driven by the end-user demand is getting to zero change over time, to go from one packaging format to the next, and we haven’t seen any reduction in the focus in that area, which requires a lot of automation.
Jeff Sprague: All right. Thank you for that. I’ll pass for now.
Blake Moret: Thank you, Jeff.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, you just talked about the pandemic potentially accelerating the need for resilience and flexibility of your customers, especially in Life Sciences. Can you give us more color or at all quantify maybe what you would call the pandemic response orders you’re seeing to help avoid single points of failure, increased resiliency and then stepping – do you think your primary markets can recover even in a CapEx constrained environment as customers focus on productivity through automation? Or is it really still too early to tell?
Blake Moret: Well, I think our primary industries and the areas within those industries that we’re putting particular focus do have good long-term growth prospects. When you talk – you mentioned Life Sciences, and people are going to continue even after we get past this current environment. People are going to want to live longer, healthier lives and so Life Sciences is going to be a continued area of focus for us. Food and beverage, for obvious reasons, they’re going to continue – it’s going to continue to be important. I think the trend towards electric vehicles, increasing. And even in the worst of the lockdowns, the world was still consuming 60 million or 70 million barrels of oil a day. And so the desire to produce that oil as efficiently as possible is in line with what we’re doing. In terms of the quantification on our results, it’s going to be varied by industry. And I’ve talked before about how I think we’re going to see the movement probably most pronounced in the discrete and the hybrid industries, where you’re not as tied to the resource itself sitting in the ground, whether it’s mining or oil and gas or what have you. So far, the orders that we’ve seen that I would call are incremental come from machinery builders in Europe, comes from life sciences companies in the U.S. We’ve talked a little bit about that. And so I think it’s going to be gradual, but these are longer-term trends. And we also look at ourselves and what investments we’re making to increase resiliency. And as Patrick said, we are making some capital investments in the U.S. to increase resiliency. In our case, it’s to build some of our high-value products in more than one place. And I think when we have those ideas and a lot of our customers are thinking about it like us, then it’s fair as soon that they’ve got similar plans.
Andy Kaplowitz: Blake, just a follow-up on that. So discrete has historically been a very cyclical part of your business, especially during recession. But it may be down only mid-single digits in FY 2020, as you talked about, despite auto markets globally being difficult. So, we know it’s a combination of your technology, helping you in auto, focus on EV, semicon has held up. But do you see this level of discrete outperformance and sort of market share gains continuing or even accelerating going into 2021?
Blake Moret: Well, we certainly intend to continue to gain share. I think it’s not only picking the applications such as EV within the broader verticals, but it’s also the mix of what we’re offering as well. And we’ve talked a lot about recurring revenue in terms of software and high-value services and then a maybe better balance across the industries as well. So, we talked before about how this year, automotive will be less than 10% of our business, it’s very valuable. And we expect that business to grow profitably for us over time. But I like that we’re serving a host of industries that have great long-term prospects. And so we do intend to gain share across a broad front.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, all.
Blake Moret: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just a first question, I guess for Patrick. I appreciate the color on kind of offsetting or neutralizing some of the push and pull on the cost front for next year. Presumably, there’s a growth level which that starts to tip more toward investment. Any historical context that you could give us around, hey, once we get past mid single-digit growth, we really start to feed the machine. Or any way we should think about kind of that sensitivity of being able to restrain investment?
Patrick Goris: Yes. I think the way you can think about it, Josh, is that going back to our framework of our objective to deliver mid-single digits of organic growth, 30% to 35% earnings conversion. And so the level of growth will determine how much more we intend to invest, but I can’t give you a certain percent that says this will be a trigger to invest more than we otherwise would. But that long-term framework of 30% to 35% earnings conversion at mid-single digits, it’s something that over a longer period of time we intend to adhere to.
Blake Moret: Yes. Josh, I can add to that. Even with the restructuring that we announced, a significant portion of that frees up resource for reinvestment. It’s not just about the cost savings year-over-year, but it’s to focus resources well in the areas that we think are going to be particularly important and in the organizational changes. The primary purpose of that is to accelerate profitable growth. We’re looking for efficiencies, and we expect we’ll find some, but the primary purpose is to accelerate profitable growth.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up. And Blake, I appreciate all the commentary on growth opportunities with near shoring. I guess another market that seeming to catch fire here is the warehouse automation market. And I know you have some content there, some exposure. It’s fairly small. Is there either a product or a channel or a partner barrier there where that’s not been larger? Because I think you’ve seen some pretty frothy order numbers from folks in that space. It doesn’t seem to have been a historical needle mover for you guys. So any commentary there on either investment or legacy barriers that have kept that from being bigger? Thanks.
Blake Moret: Yes. It’s a great part of the market for us. Traditionally, for a long time, we’ve had a very good fit with the products when you think about the material handling and sortation. I think we’ve added some products that have spurred some of the recent opportunities and wins that we’ve seen. Independent cart is one area, so very high-precision motion control is needed even more than ever, the traceability that’s used in their software systems. And so I don’t see it as being constrained by products for the automation or channel. We’re close to a lot of the key suppliers in the area. But we are, to your point, looking at ways as to how we can develop that even more because that’s one of those long-term trends that we continue to expect to benefit from.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. Thanks, Blake.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Yes. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Maybe just asking Josh’s question, first question in a slightly different way. You mentioned, I think, Blake, that you hope to maybe roll back some of these temporary cost measures before December. I guess, what would be the catalyst for you to do that? Do we need to see, I don’t know, sales stabilizing or sales on a clear path back towards growth. I mean, what are you looking for to kind of ease back on those salary and benefit reductions?
Blake Moret: Yes. I think we continue to expect a gradual recovery in orders and sales. But at the heart of it is the infection rates and to look at how the countries in which we operate in get the spread of infection under control. I think that’s really the fundamental pacing item as that improves. Then we have a much more positive outlook. I would also say that, as I did say in my earlier remarks, there’s a limit to how long we can keep those temporary reductions in place. And at some point, we would have to substitute more structural reductions for the pay reductions, because we can’t go on past a certain amount of time with those temporary reductions affecting our entire workforce.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thanks, Blake, that’s great. And then the problem of given more disclosure is there’s – the month that you have more disclosure. On the monthly product orders, July versus June, normally, I’d expect July to be weaker than June sequentially. And obviously, July is slightly better than June. How does that look for Rockwell from a normal seasonal pattern? Would you normally see July versus June similar? Or would there be a slight step back? And I recognize that your sales are normally stronger in 4Q fiscal versus 3Q fiscal. Just wondering how normally that order pattern would look in a normal year, recognizing that there aren’t too many normal years?
Patrick Goris: Yes, Nigel, Patrick here. So actually for our product order intake, July tends to be somewhat similar than June historically. And so what we’re seeing now is somewhat typical. On the sales side, normally, the first month after the end of the quarter is a little bit weaker than the prior. And so I would say – go ahead, Nigel?
Nigel Coe: It feels like we’re recoupling back to some semblance of normal seasonality into July at this point?
Patrick Goris: It is still early in July, but what we’ve seen so far is not untypical. And of course, our guidance assumes that we’ll see continued improving trends sequentially.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, Patrick. Thanks, Blake.
Patrick Goris: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Your line is open. Andrew Obin, your line is open.
Jessica Kourakos: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Great. Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, Blake, when we caught up intra-quarter, you had referenced the life science customers and again, made reference to the fact that it seems like things are moving forward in that regard. Can you give us a sense on timing on when they’ll actually make a decision to really improve – whether it’s reshoring or capital investment, to basically improve their supply chain? Just any thoughts around timing around that those awards?
Blake Moret: Joe, you’re talking specifically about Life Sciences customers?
Joe Ritchie: Yes, specifically around the Life Sciences customers.
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean, we’re seeing plans, particularly for those who were developing therapeutics and vaccine candidates. So we’re seeing them either directly or through their contract manufacturers in the middle of plans to ramp that up now. Now that’s not the entire market. But what is common across the entire life sciences market is the accelerated interest in digital transformation. They know that they’re not going to be able to get to scale without the basic automation and the ability to schedule product manufacturing and so on, driven by software. So we’re definitely seeing those plans increase. They’ve got a little bit of the situation that food and beverage does in that many of them are already just trying to ramp up production with their existing assets. But I think we’re going to see that over time. I don’t expect it to be a step change, but we’re definitely seeing the slope with the current increase with respect to Life Sciences customers.
Joe Ritchie: That’s helpful to hear. I guess maybe my one follow-up and just the flip side to that question is, you guys called out the process business. Basically your guidance being worse now versus where it was in April and I don’t think that probably comes as much of a surprise to many people. But I’m just curious, as you kind of think about the process business longer term and given where oil prices are today, and also the investments that you’ve made within Sensia, like how are you thinking about this business with respect to the portfolio, just from a longer-term growth perspective? And how long is it going to take to kind of get back to some decent growth in the business?
Blake Moret: Yes. There’s no question that the oil and gas business is under a lot of pressure right now. But Sensia’s positioned exactly where I would want it to be positioned, and that is focused on operational efficiencies and decreasing the breakeven point to produce a barrel of oil and I think there’s some evidence that, that is where the market is investing and that orders for Sensia were actually a little bit better than our expectations in the quarter. So it’s a tough spot for oil and gas, but helping them produce more efficiently is right where I want to be.
Joe Ritchie: That’s interesting comments on the order side. Thank you for that.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Joe.
Jessica Kourakos: Thank you very much everyone. I’ll turn it back to Blake for a few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. To summarize, we remain focused on the well-being of our employees, we’re managing prudently through a gradual recovery, and we are taking steps to accelerate long- term profitable growth. Nobody is better positioned to bring information technology and industrial operational technology together than Rockwell and our partners, and we wish you all good health, and thank you for your interest and support.
Jessica Kourakos: That concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for joining. That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone today’s conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Sharon. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include and our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at the website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before I begin, let me say to everyone listening on this call, thank you for your interest and support and I hope that you and those close to you are safe and healthy. We’re truly in unprecedented times and our first priority is protecting employee health and safety. Our employees are doing outstanding work, keeping our customers operations up and running strong during this crisis. We are an essential business that supports critical infrastructure because our customers cannot build their products at scale without automation. So thank you to our employees, our suppliers, our distribution partners and everyone else who has been working hard to serve our customers and communities. This pandemic will change how we live our lives and operate our businesses in the future. Rockwell’s financial strength positions us well to overcome the current challenges and to be more valuable than ever as our customers learn to operate in this new environment. Let me now review the topics for today’s call. I’ll first offer some color on how our people and our customers are effectively managing through this crisis. Then provide a brief overview of our Q2 performance, including a status report on our operations and supply chain and then focus more time on what we are seeing today in our outlook. Please turn to Page 3 of the slide deck. When I think about how our business is being conducted right now and how we are handling the current environment, I start with our employees and our customers. The safety of our employees is always our first priority. We closely follow U.S. CDC and World Health Organization guidelines. For our manufacturing workforce, we provide health screening, enhanced cleaning measures and use of safety equipment and have implemented social distancing between workstations across our facilities. Our non-manufacturing workforce has been exercising social distancing and working from home for over a month now. And we have restricted nonessential business travel, where we can, we’re using our own technologies and services to keep our people productive and support our customers. For example, we now have 2,500 seats of Vuforia augmented reality activated internally to conduct witness testing as well as customer support and training. Turning to our customers. This health crisis is bringing us even closer to our customers as everyone is rallying to help manufacture more necessary goods than ever before. For example, we have a strong partnership with 3M, as they ramp up respirator production. And we recently collaborated with Han Chang Machinery, a Chinese hygiene products machine builder to increase the production capacity of their high speed mask making machine. Our solution based on Logix and our next-generation motion controllers increase their output from 150 to 500 mask per minute. We’re also supporting AVID Labs another pharmaceutical company to increase testing capacity and with GE Healthcare and others to ramp up their production of ventilators. We’re also supporting companies like Roche and Cytiva, who are working tirelessly to develop treatments and vaccines and are investing in manufacturing capabilities, so that they are ready to scale up production as soon as possible. We’re also helping companies who have repurposed manufacturing assets to now produce mask, ventilators, test kits and other equipment our communities desperately need. For example, automotive and mining OEMs are now making ventilators and food and beverage machine builders are now making masks. Even the Jameson Distillery, which is located near our offices in Ireland, has diverted some of their whiskey production lines to now produce alcohol sanitizing gels for hospitals and medical centers. These are just a few stories showcasing the innovation going on in these difficult times. Let’s now turn to Slide 4 for our Q2 performance and some key accomplishments in the quarter. Total sales grew slightly in the quarter, including a 3 point contribution from inorganic investments, primarily related to our Sensia joint venture. Organic sales were flat versus last year and were in line with what we were expecting heading into the quarter despite an 18% decline in China related to COVID-19. Our organic sales performance benefited from strong sales of Logix, which grew 8% versus the prior year, led by strength in North America, particularly in automotive and food and beverage. In addition to Logix, we continue to see strong growth in other core platforms like Independent Cart technology for motion control and network infrastructure. Both of these grew double digits in the quarter and we think we’re taking share. We also had a number of important strategic wins in automotive, food and beverage, life sciences, mining and tire where we were not the incumbent control platform. Information Solutions and Connected Services or ISCS for short was down slightly largely due to a difficult comparison with major projects last year. That said, the pipeline for ISCS remain strong. We built strong backlog in the quarter and we still expect ISCS sales to reach $400 million for the year. Our IoT offering continues to differentiate itself in the marketplace. In the quarter, Rockwell was awarded the Industrial IoT Company of the Year by Compass Intelligence, which adds to our recent recognition in Gartner’s annual Magic Quadrant survey as a leader in IoT software. We also saw very strong orders for Vuforia as we help customers expand their remote engineering capabilities during this pandemic. Turning now to Q2 earnings. Adjusted EPS grew 19% and includes the release of our bonus accrual. And finally, free cash flow grew about 9% in the quarter, underscoring Rockwell’s solid financial health and strong balance sheet position. Let’s now turn to Slide 5, where I will provide a few highlights of our Q2 organic end market performance. Our discreet market segment grew high single digits led by auto, which grew by over 20% year-over-year and grew double digits sequentially. Auto performed well above expectations in the quarter in almost every region. We continue to see very good growth in electric vehicle programs, we also benefited from some traditional projects that we’ve been tracking. Our Hybrid market segment was flat in Q2. Our largest segment Food and Beverage grew low single digits, including growth at packaging OEMs. Life sciences declined modestly due to the very tough comparison to last year. Many of our customers, particularly those in consumer focused hybrid industries have been running their operations 24/7 to meet very high demand and have had little opportunity to implement projects that divert resources from current production. Process markets were down mid single digits with oil and gas also down mid single digits. We’ll talk more about our outlook for oil and gas in just a few minutes. Turning now to Slide 6 and our organic regional sales performance in the quarter. Growth in North America and Latin America was offset by an 18% decline in China, which accounts for about 6% of our global revenue. We saw growth in Asia Pacific excluding China, led by EV battery. EMEA was down low single digits, but with relative strength in automotive, food and beverage, life sciences and semiconductor. Turning now to Slide 7. Let me take a few minutes here to discuss how we’re navigating the current environment. I first want to say that I’m very proud of the efforts we have taken to build resiliency in our operations and supply chain over the years. Our plants are operational and meeting current demand. And while the many actions we had taken to mitigate tariffs over the last couple of years reduce the impact from COVID-19 on our Chinese supply chain, segments of our global supply chain are seeing some disruption. Among the biggest challenges have been reworking product flows to implement social distancing and managing shifts to limit the number of employees in a facility at one time. We are actively managing what is a very fluid situation. Patrick will have more details on our operations and supply chain. As part of our actions to mitigate risk in our business and maintain our strong financial position, we announced earlier this month a series of temporary actions to better align our costs with a reduction in demand. The following principles of the foundation for our decision making, keep our customer focus, protect employment as much as possible, protect our most important initiatives and investments to drive long-term differentiation and position our company for success over the long-term. Balancing the near-term with the long-term is extremely important. This is why we have and we intend to maintain a strong balance sheet. Our capital deployment priorities remain in order, organic and inorganic investments followed by dividends and repurchases. Turning to Slide 8. The acquisitions we announced last quarter, ASEM and Kalypso are expected to close in the next couple of weeks and we will continue to look for additional inorganic investment opportunities that advance our strategic objectives. We expect ASEM and Kalypso to contribute about 0.5 of revenue growth this year and over 1 point of growth on a full year basis. Together with our inorganic investments, we expect total inorganic sales to contribute about 4% to 4.5% of top line growth in fiscal 2020. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 9. We’re focused on delivering value to all of our stakeholders through these rapidly changing market conditions. The path of recovery is difficult to predict. As we put together our forecast, we looked at a variety of inputs. Our recent performance in China and Italy, near-term industrial production forecast, our daily sales and order intake through April and what we are hearing from end customers and distributors. We expect that our fiscal third quarter sales will be down approximately 20% year-over-year followed by sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. As a result, these are our expectations for the year. Organic sales down 8% at the midpoint, we continue to expect inorganic investments now including ASEM and Kalypso to contribute about 4% to 4.5% of growth to the year, adjusted EPS of $7.30 at the midpoint and we’re projecting free cash flow to convert at over 100%. As you can see from our organic end market projections for the second half and full year on Slide 10, the midpoint of our projections assumes both automotive and oil and gas will see particularly steep declines in the second half of the year. We were also modeling more modest declines in food and beverage and other industries. We expect most verticals including auto, the bottom in Q3 gradually recover starting in Q4 with the exception of oil and gas that we think will take longer to recover. With that, let me now turn it over to Patrick who will elaborate on our second quarter financial performance and fiscal 2020 outlook in his remarks. Patrick?
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I will keep my remarks on second quarter results very brief and then switch to comments about our strong financial position, what we see in our supply chain and operations, cost mitigation activities and fiscal 2020 outlook. I’ll start on Slide 11. For the second quarter organic sales growth – organic sales were down 0.2% compared to last year and acquisitions contributed 3% to total growth. Currency translation was a larger headwind than expected due to a stronger U.S. dollar and decreased sales by 1.5 points. Within the quarter, organic seals were up low single digits through February with a very weak performance in China. Again through February, China was down about 30% more than offset by better than expected North America product sales. Global organic sales weakened in March and were down a little less than 4% for the month compared to last year. Overall company backlog including for products and for solutions and services increased both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis for the quarter. Segment operating margin was 22.1% up 80 basis points compared to last year, primarily due to lower incentive compensation expense. Our incentive programs are highly correlated to financial performance of the company. We no longer expect an incentive compensation payout to be earned for fiscal 2020 and we therefore released our incentive accruals. This represents a little over 200 basis points of segment margin tailwind, which is partially offset by margin headwinds related to currency at a little over 0.5 point of margin and the impact of acquisitions at about 0.5 point. General corporate net expense was lower compared to last year, mainly as a result of favourable mark to market adjustments related to our deferred and non-qualified compensation plans. I’ll cover the adjusted EPS bridge on a following slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the second quarter of 12.4% was lower than we expected due to several discrete items. Free cash flow in the quarter of about $200 million, included a $31 million tax payment, which represents the second installments on the repatriation tax that is owed as a result of tax reform. Slide 12 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our operating segments. Architecture & Software had good organic growth in the quarter with strong Logix performance. Lower incentive compensation was a margin tailwind of about 200 basis points for this segment. Currency was about a 100 basis point headwind. Organic sales of the Control Products & Solutions segment decreased 3.6% with the products within this segment down 3%, and the solutions and services down about 4%. Sensia represents almost all of the 5.8% revenue growth from inorganic investments in this segment. Second quarter organic book-to-bill for our solutions and services businesses was 1.10. As I mentioned earlier, we built backlog in the quarter including for solutions and services. But starting in March, we have seen an increase in project delays initiated by customers. Operating margin for the Control Products & Solutions segment was down 70 basis points compared to last year. The next Slide 13 provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q2 fiscal 2019 to Q2 fiscal 2020. As you can see, core performance was up a little less than $0.05 despite no organic revenue growth in the quarter. Large tailwinds related to incentive compensation and the lower tax rates were partially offset by the impact of currency. As expected, the impact of acquisitions was about neutral. I’ll switch gears now and will provide some comments about our balance sheet and liquidity. Please move to Slide 14. We continue to be in a strong position with regard to our capital structure and liquidity. At March 31, cash on the balance sheet was about $640 million and our total debt was about $2.1 billion. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 1.0. Last week, we executed the $400 million term loan, which provides us the funds to close two previously announced acquisitions, ASEM and Kalypso as well as funds for other general corporate purposes. The two acquisitions are expected to close in the next few weeks with a combined purchase price of $300 million. We expect both acquisitions to add about 0.5 point of revenue to fiscal 2020 sales and expect the fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS impact, including one-time costs to be about $0.05 headwind. From a liquidity perspective, in addition to our strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation profile, we have access to the commercial paper market for our operating needs. Our single A credit ratings provide us good access to the capital markets. And finally, our liquidity is also supported by our existing $1.25 billion credit facility, which expires in November of 2023. This credit facility remains available and undrawn. The only financial covenant we have in our debt agreements is an EBITDA to the interest expense covenant in our credit facility and the new term loan. We have plenty of room under debt covenant, which we have pressure tested in our scenario analysis. As you know, we have a history of generating solid free cash flow, and we expect, just like in prior downturns working capital reduction to be a source of cash. We’re also deferring non-critical capital expenditures and now expect fiscal 2020 capital expenditures to be closer to $130 million compared to $160 million prior guidance. Finally, as we have mentioned in the past, we do not expect to have any mandatory U.S. pension contributions in the next few years and we have no long term debt maturities until 2025. In a nutshell, we continue to be in the strong financial position and are focused on maintaining it. Next, I’ll make some comments about what we’re seeing in our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution operations, as well as our solutions and services businesses on Slide 15. We have a global supply chain, including a network of suppliers and manufacturing and distribution facilities. Our supply chain team is closely managing our end-to-end supply chain with a particular focus on all critical and at risk suppliers and supplier locations globally. In late January and early February, we proactively increased inventory levels of certain, mostly China source components and products. We are currently experiencing some isolated supply and cross-border transit disruptions and do see some increased supply chain costs, particularly related to reduce the air freight capacity. We’re implementing freight surcharges to help mitigate the impact of these higher input costs. All of our manufacturing facilities and distribution centers are operating at this time. We have implemented additional safety and hygiene processes, including separation of shifts and social distancing between workstations to keep our employees safe. Some of the operational changes implemented as well as some unplanned employee absenteeism are driving some inefficiencies in our operations, which we’re in the process of addressing. Our solutions and services businesses include thousands of domain experts. They understand our customer’s challenges and priorities and design and implement solutions and provide services through a combination of domain expertise and our technology. Physical access to our customer facilities is often important as we delivered those solutions and services. As a result of COVID-19 access to customer facilities in some instances has been difficult, for example, for onsite commissioning. While we have been leveraging our technology and that of our partners to deliver certain services and solutions remotely, decreased access has led to some project delays as well as inefficiencies due to lower labor utilization. We intend to protect our domain experts as much as possible during this period. Moving to Slide 16, overview of cost actions. In early April, we announced several actions to address the current and anticipated business conditions as a result of the pandemic. I won’t go through all of these, but will point out that all these actions are expected to yield over $150 million of savings for fiscal 2020. As the salary reductions take effect May 1, we expect most of the savings to be realized in our fourth quarter. We have identified additional cost actions to implement, if business conditions require or to reallocate resources through our highest priorities. Finally, note that well, our overall cost structure is coming down. We have maintained and in some cases are selectively increasing investments in some of our highest priority areas in order to increase differentiation and create long term value for customers and shareholders. This takes us to Slide 17. This slide presents an overview of the business conditions we saw in China and Italy, two of our larger end markets which were impacted by COVID-19 before other geographies. Note that the China and Italy charts provide an overview of the year-over-year growth in order intake for our product businesses only. Products are two-thirds of our business and represent our shorter cycle book-and-bill business. As you can see, the impact in China was severe in January and February, followed by a very strong V-shaped recovery in March. That has continued in April through Friday of last week. In Italy, we saw year-over-year product orders growth through January, followed by a weak February and March. Order intake in Italy remains weak in April, but it’s up about 10% sequentially, when compared to March order rates. Using our product order trends in China and Italy as leading indicators, we expect most of our other geographies to be down significantly in the third quarter and expect a more gradual recovery starting late in the third quarter into our fourth quarter. Directionally, we expect solutions and services to also follow this trend. Moving to the right side of the slide, this represents our total company sales including solutions and service. Our guidance midpoint assumes that Q3 overall company organic sales will be down about 20% year-over-year, followed by a sequential improvement in our fourth quarter, which we estimate to be up about 10% sequentially, but still down over 10% compared to last year. Let’s move on to Slide 18, guidance. Incorporating the expected revenue contributions from ASEM and Kalypso as well as updated currency forecasts, we now expect full year fiscal 2020 reported sales of about $6.35 billion and project organic sales to be down between 9.5% and 6.5% compared to last year. Segment margin is expected to be in a range of 18.5% to 19.5% compared to 20.5% – 21.5% prior guidance, mostly as a result of lower volumes, partially offset by our cost actions. The lower adjusted effective tax rate mainly reflects some of the discrete benefits we recorded in the second quarter. Slide 19 represents the full year fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS bridge, midpoint of January guidance to midpoint of April guidance. Core performance includes the large unfavorable impact of volume and mix as well as some of the inefficiencies in our supply chain, operations and solutions and services I referred to. These are partially offset by our cost reduction actions, including lower incentive compensation. A headwind from currency and acquisitions is mostly offset by the lower tax rate. On a year-over-year basis, our guidance at the midpoint assumes full year core earnings conversion, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions of a little over 35%. We expect a particularly challenging third quarter. This is the quarter during which we expect our sales to trough with the weakest performance in our higher margin product businesses, and we won’t have the full run rate savings of all the actions we implemented. We expect third quarter adjusted EPS to be a little over $1 per share. A few additional comments. General corporate net is now expected to be closer to $95 million. Purchase accounting amortization expense for the full year is expected to be about $45 million, up $30 million compared to last year. Net interest expense for fiscal 2020 is still expected to be about $100 million. We expect non-controlling interest now to be about neutral, given lower expected sales and earnings at Sensia. Average fully diluted share count is now expected to be $160 million for fiscal 2020. With respect to repurchases, we are currently in the market but are monitoring business conditions closely to inform the level of repurchases going forward. Finally, we expect continued strong free cash flow performance with free cash flow conversion over 100% of adjusted income as we liquidate working capital, particularly in the fourth quarter. With that, I’ll hand it back to you, Blake, for some closing remarks before Q&A.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Patrick. We’re managing our costs and protecting our balance sheet against the current reality of unprecedented volatility, but we’re also considering long-lasting changes that are being accelerated by the pandemic. We remain optimistic about a world that learns to reduce the human toll from COVID-19 and about Rockwell’s role in increasing business resilience. Here are some thoughts about that future, starting with the industries that we think will be especially important. It’s clear that countries like the U.S. want to increase local manufacturing capability for medicines and medical devices, and we continue to grow share and capabilities in life sciences. I’ve spoken earlier about some of the ways we’re helping pharmaceutical and medical device companies scale up the production of critically needed products during this crisis. Packaged food and beverages are critically important when going out is not an option. Rockwell’s Food & Beverage business is roughly 70% retail for grocery stores and home delivery and 30% food service or restaurants. End users as well as machine builders depend on Rockwell for the speed, flexibility and support that we can provide. Electric vehicles are going to continue to increase their share. Our Q2 growth in auto had a significant EV and battery component. And while we expect a tough road for the auto industry over the next few quarters, our investments in motion technology and software for these applications will continue to bear fruit. The Oil & Gas industry is going to be focused on lower cost production, not CapEx-driven capacity. Our focus on new technology that lowers ongoing production costs from existing assets will be most important for operators for the foreseeable future. Innovation will be necessary to lower the breakeven point for a barrel of oil. With respect to manufacturing footprint, we expect companies to reduce single points of failure in their supply chain and plant capacity. We are increasing the resilience of our own worldwide system, and we know our customers have plans to do the same. We are already seeing some manufacturers’ plans to return manufacturing to North America where we have higher share. Remote support of operations will be important across many industries. To provide expertise virtually when being physically on-site is impossible. We’re already doing this for hundreds of companies. To ensure the highest quality and safety of products, product traceability is becoming more important, which is an application we know very well from our life sciences experience. Flexibility is one of the biggest benefits of automation. Rapidly ramping up output, designing lines to run multiple products and changing packaging to meet evolving demand is likely to be even more important in the future. Software that simulates throughput under different conditions and optimizes production is a part of this flexibility, and we have a strong and growing offering in this area. Finally, we’re seeing diverse companies come together to solve tough problems quicker than we ever thought possible. This is about the power of partnerships and the humility to recognize that no one company can do it all. Partnering is a fundamental part of our culture. For all of these reasons, we believe we are well positioned for a bright future. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jessica to start Q&A.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Sharon, let’s take our first question.
Operator: First question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Good morning, guys. So just on all these cost actions, how much of this flows into 2021?
Patrick Goris: Steve, Patrick here. It will depend on when we undo some of those temporary actions, and that will depend on the business conditions. So the answer is it depends on when business conditions improve and when we feel comfortable undoing some of these temporary actions.
Steve Tusa: Do any of the saves carry over into 2021? Like is there another step-up? I mean the incentive comp seems like it’s kind of an annual thing. I would assume you’re now down to kind of zero on that. I guess I don’t see any real structural kind of change in the cost base. So I’m just wondering, is there any – are there any incremental savings if revenues don’t come back?
Patrick Goris: Yes. So obviously, we have taken some structural actions in September, which are yielding savings this year. We implemented temporary, not permanent, cost reductions at this time because we think it’s a temporary, not a permanent event. I want to protect our development programs in our R&D. Now also those temporary actions enabled us to have a quick cost impact with no cash cost to implement. And as I mentioned, we have identified additional, including structural cost actions, that we can implement if business conditions require or to reallocate resources to our highest priorities.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just on the fourth quarter, obviously, you guys are conservative, so the $1, we’ll take with a grain of salt, but still kind of a bounce back from even a number that’s close to $1 in 4Q. Is that based on kind of backlog visibility? Front log? What’s kind of – what gives you the confidence of that kind of bounce back in fourth quarter?
Patrick Goris: Yes. So the $1, Steve, that was for the third quarter that I mentioned, a little over $1. So the fourth quarter, we expect sequential improvement just because – and given also what we’ve seen in geographies like in China and in Italy, we’ve seen a deep, call it, pullback, followed by a gradual improvement. And that is our 10% sequential improvement in the fourth quarter, which we expect to be broad-based, but with the exception of Oil & Gas where we’re not projecting an improvement.
Blake Moret: Yes. And if I can add to that as well. Steve, we did build backlog both year-over-year and sequentially in the quarter. And we have seen project delays, as Patrick mentioned, but we haven’t seen cancellations. So we still do see people in certain of the industries that we talked about continuing with plans, and that’s separate from the current rush to increase capacity in some of the essential products, and we’ve certainly seen additional business in those areas.
Steve Tusa: Great, all right, guys. Thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Operator: Next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Maybe just wanted to drill in firstly on that second half, the decremental margins look very severe in that second half, maybe 50%, 60% or so year-on-year. Maybe just help us understand the phasing, first half to second half, of the $100 million or so of investment spend and also of the $150 million plus of savings. And any color you could give, like how much of an impact from mix are you dialing in and from those supply chain inefficiencies?
Patrick Goris: Yes. Julian, if you look at our earnings conversion for the full year, and I call it core convergence, so I exclude the impact of acquisitions, which have a significant impact, and currency, for the full year, earnings conversion is a little over 35% on 8% revenue – organic revenue drop at the midpoint. For the second half, again, adjusting for the impact of currency and acquisitions, our conversion is a little bit below 40%.
Julian Mitchell: I see. That’s helpful. Thank you. And what’s the phasing of that investment spend, Patrick, that $100 million or so? If you could split that at all, first half, second half or something.
Patrick Goris: Julian, you’re referring to the temporary actions?
Julian Mitchell: Yes, the temporary actions. And also, I think you talked about some – you’d lowered the investment spending, step-up assumption for the year. So just wondered how that spending delta shifts at all first half or second half.
Patrick Goris: Got it. So the temporary actions will have a bigger impact in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter just because of the timing of our pay cuts. So that’s one. If I look specifically in our January guidance, we had said investment spending would be up about 2% year-over-year. That’s about $40 million. Currently, we expect that to be down 3% for the full year, and so that’s a $100 million swing versus our January guidance. We think that Q3, Q4 will be down about 6%, 7% each compared to the prior year in terms of spend. And in dollar terms, it would be a little bit more in Q4 than in Q3.
Julian Mitchell: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. A couple just to further clarify on the cost actions. Patrick, fully understand the earlier comment about the decision on 2021 will come at a later point in time. But if we look at these actions that you’re taking that do yield $150 million plus in 2020, what is the annualized run rate of those actions? Again, you may not continue them for a full year, but what is the annualized run rate of those actions you’ve taken?
Patrick Goris: Yes. So the run rate of these actions, if I look at the bonus, we cannot count on that after this year, but the full run rate of the pay cuts is north of $100 million. And so we get less than half of that this year. And so there is another – that is another over $50 million call of an annualized impact if we continue that into next year. But as I said, it will depend on business conditions, whether we do so.
Jeff Sprague: Correct. And just on the incentive compensation, just to be clear, in Q2, we have not only the absence of an accrual, but we have the reversal of the Q1 accrual. And then I’m just wondering, in the second half, what is the comparison? So we’ll have zero accrual in the second half of 2020 versus what actually fell in the second half of 2019?
Patrick Goris: Yes. So in the – for the balance of the year, we will have a $30 million decrease in bonus expense that will mostly fall in Q4.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, all right. Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Operator: Next question comes from John Inch with Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Good morning, everybody. Guys, you mentioned project delays. But like you said, there are no cancellations. I’m wondering if you could give us a little more color on what verticals or areas of the world you’re seeing these delays, if they’ve been picking up sort of through April. And I know, Patrick, you had also talked about – you put China and Italy into a context – or certainly, you put China into a context of a V-shaped recovery, but your overall commentary seems to be anticipating something more of a gradual recovery. So I’m curious if you could juxtapose those two, that two commentary, do you think China, is this something of an anomaly, it rebounds much more quickly versus rest of world? Or can rest of world actually pick up steam based on everything you’re seeing, backlog and all that sort of stuff?
Blake Moret: Yes. John, so with respect to project delays, I don’t think we saw any acceleration through April. But think of final acceptance tests where it requires – it might require some visitation. Those are the types of things in projects that are causing delays because people just either can’t get to the factory to take a look at the system before they take delivery or on-site for the commissioning that Patrick talked about. So those are the types of things that characterize delays. Oil & Gas would certainly see some of those because those are often coordinated type systems. In terms of the modeling for the recovery, we mentioned some of the inputs that we looked at. We looked at China, which was a strong shape recovery. We looked at Italy, which was a little bit more gradual. And consumer demand for our customers’ end products will be something that we’ll be looking at closely. But we thought taking something between the two would make sense, and so that’s what we’ve incorporated in our guidance. We’re watching orders daily to see the development around the world and in different industries.
John Inch: So that makes sense. I guess in terms of – just in terms of the environment, like is this comparable to 2008, 2009? Or is there something that’s very different? Is there something that’s very different about it? And also, I mean are you expecting Oil & Gas to cancel? I mean, oil prices are pretty darn low. Like I realize that you guys are about OpEx and it really – it’s about productivity and so forth. But how are you thinking about that vertical? It’s one of your largest and presumably most profitable.
Blake Moret: Yes. So a couple of things. So first of all, with respect to comparisons with 2008, 2009, I think there was more of a structural element to 2008, 2009 with respect to finance infrastructure. We really continue to look at this as an event-driven activity. Now based on the duration, some other things could come into play, but we really do characterize this as something of a different beast than 2008, 2009. In terms of Oil & Gas, we have significant backlog in Oil & Gas. Process safety represents some of the stronger recent order activity, and process safety is going to tend to hold up through this type of event. Our assumptions for oil prices are up to, but not above, $30 a barrel for WTI, for West Texas Intermediate. So we’re not expecting or pricing in some major recovery in terms of oil prices as the basis for our guidance.
John Inch: That’s very helpful. If I could just ask one more. I think there’s a not insignificant risk that the U.S. could enter a partial or full-on cold war with China, especially if it becomes apparent the Chinese manufactured and released the coronavirus. And I’m just wondering, you obviously took these supply chain actions, like is that enough? Like how are you thinking about your China operations strategically? So you mentioned reshoring in the U.S. That’s going to benefit Rockwell. Do you potentially need to step up some of the work around China actions? Or are there other things that you think you could perhaps be doing or are thinking about?
Blake Moret: Yes. I think the key point to think about is what I mentioned earlier, and that is reducing single points of failure in our supply chain. So whereas people have been looking at their supply chain for a while now as costs and what were previously lower-cost areas are rising and then with the trade war putting further stress on that, I think this event is going to cause people to make some changes in their supply chain. We’re considering changes to add resilience to our operations. And when we’re thinking about it, I’m sure there are hundreds of our customers who are thinking the same thing. That doesn’t necessarily mean that they’re going to bring it all back to the U.S. But the concept of being local to their most important markets and to have more than one place where you’re manufacturing your high-value products, we think a lot of manufacturers are going to follow that path coming out of this.
John Inch: Yes, I agree. And it just doesn’t make sense to have all our pharmaceuticals manufactured in China. Thanks very much, guys, appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thanks, John.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Good morning, everybody.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just to kind of follow on that last question. I guess, Blake, you mentioned already seeing some input from customers on regionalized manufacturing or reshoring. What kind of specific industries, I guess, maybe outside of pharmaceuticals have you had those discussions on? It seems awfully early. I get maybe someone wants to kick the tires or at least kind of formulate a plan. But any specific verticals that you’re starting to see an uptake on that discussion on?
Blake Moret: Yes. So you mentioned pharmaceuticals, medical devices. There are certainly actions that have been dramatically accelerated through this current crisis, other consumer products. So Stanley Black & Decker has talked about bringing closer to their North American markets some of their manufacturing operations. So that would be another example. But I think getting closer to our customers and consumer markets would be a common theme.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just we’ve heard from some other folks that there was a good amount of kind of pull forward and some isolated pushout, but in general, a lot of order shifting, I guess, in March as folks decided what they wanted to do. Did you see any kind of pull forward into the quarter as folks anticipated either trouble in getting products or imminent shutdowns such that they wanted to finish something up before they were done? I think in the long run, this is all a timing noise thing, but just trying to level set, if anything got pulled into the quarter.
Blake Moret: Yes. We looked at that, and we really didn’t see meaningful pull-ins in the quarter. So we looked at our distributor inventories, which we work closely with distribution on, and there was nothing unusual going on there. And then with respect to automotives, some of the projects that contributed to our strong growth in the quarter included battery-making equipment in Asia, which is an ongoing series of successes that we’ve talked about in previous quarters. We also had line of sight to some more traditional projects by brand owners in internal combustion engines. These are projects that we’ve been tracking for well over a year now. And then some activity additionally in auto from some of the tier suppliers in Europe, especially in Eastern Europe. And so we’ve seen these projects. We’ve been tracking them for a while, and we really haven’t seen a distinctive trend that contributed to our strong Q2 results.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s very helpful. And I appreciate all the color this morning, especially some of your other peers out there pull guidance. So all the detail greatly appreciated. Best of luck.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Josh. And just on that note, we thought it was important to share an extra amount of information that we thought was most helpful in navigating the current environment.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Good morning, guys. Really appreciate as the addition color. Can you talk about what you’ve seen in China and Italy in April. I’m sorry if I missed the broader discussion on what you’ve seen in the Americas and Europe more broadly. But how is that down 20% compared to what you’ve seen in April across your portfolio?
Patrick Goris: Yes, Nigel, Patrick here. In April, globally, and this is for both orders and ships, our product businesses are down about 20% through Friday last week. And so consistent with our projection for the third quarter, what we’re seeing so far this month, and as I said, this is for products, two-thirds of our business.
Nigel Coe: And would you expect April to be worse than 2Q? I mean April is when we’re in the sort of the eye of the storm, if you will, of plant shutdowns. Why wouldn’t we see sequential improvement in May and June?
Patrick Goris: Nigel, of course, it’s a difficult question. We’ve seen weakness start at the end of March. I think it’s too early for us to say that in April, given where we are, that we have seen a bottom of that we call a bottom. So it’s unclear when we may bottom out. We do believe that, that will be sometime in Q3 in that late this quarter. Mid or late June into the fourth quarter, we will see a sequential improvement.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Fair enough. And then I do want to come back to the 3Q EPS question. Again, the $1 seems like a very low bar, but the decremental margins implied by that are extremely high. So I just want to sort of ask the question a different way. Is there anything we should need to think about in terms of mix or cost pressures or M&A dilution, FX dilution, FX hedges, et cetera, in terms of right setting 3Q EPS?
Patrick Goris: Yes. So specific to Q3, organic sales down about 20%. That represents well over $300 million of revenue, which is weighted towards our product businesses, which, as you know, carry higher margins. We’re not getting the full run rate of our cost actions given the timing of the pay cuts. And so we expect Q3 to be the trough. So Q3, excluding the impact of acquisitions and currency, we expect our decrementals to be close to about 50% for that quarter because of the reasons I mentioned.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks Patrick.
Patrick Goris: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stephens.
Robert McCarthy: Hello, everybody. Yes, I guess a couple of questions. And thank you for taking towards the end of the call. I guess kind of the first question, maybe just update us on PTC and the relationship there, in terms of what’s going on, progress? And do you anticipate we’ll have a virtual Liveworks this year? And kind of what are the – what’s the agenda, particularly in this environment, to drive growth from that collaboration?
Blake Moret: Yes. Rob, we’re still very happy with the partnership with PTC. We continue to see orders in the quarter, both on top of our control platforms and also at competitive strongholds where the expanded scope of those offerings and software and augmented reality are winning us new business that we would not have otherwise won. The Liveworks or ROKLive activity will be virtual. I’ll be participating in that. We’ll be talking about new products that we’re working on. And so the partnership remains vibrant even under these conditions, and we continue to strengthen it.
Robert McCarthy: That’s helpful. And obviously, congratulations on a solid quarter and a constructive guide in providing all the detail. Now that being said, we have seen the market rally pretty significantly here. And at least passively, there seems to be some expectation of what looks like an interruption and then perhaps a U shape or V recovery. But as Anthony Fauci always says, the virus gets to make the call. So if we go into a bit of a double here in terms of the virus comes back, and you’re seeing companies cut CapEx across the board by 20% to 30%, and there’s not a reason to believe we have creeping uncertainty until there’s a vaccine in 16 to 18 months, that you couldn’t have a continued tough business CapEx and fixture environment, which is not good for you despite some of these interesting secular trends for near shoring. How do you think – how you address that environment? And back to some of the questions around structural cost, what are some of the actions you could take to take some more structural cost out of the business?
Blake Moret: Yes. Rob, we’re looking closely at that. We’re modeling different views of the recovery, both in terms of shape of the recovery as well as timing, depth and duration, all of those things. And we have plans that are appropriate to those that go into deeper structural reductions if necessary. And so we watch that. We’ve taken those actions in the past, and we’ll take them now if we feel like that’s the appropriate response as the crisis unfolds.
Robert McCarthy: Well, we’re coming against the market open. And from that standpoint, I think a lot of guys have to write up or cover their ass, upgrade notes to neutral. So with that, I’ll let you go.
Blake Moret: Okay. Thank you, Rob.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, operator. We can take one more question.
Operator: We have a question from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for squeezing me at the end here. And I guess the real $10,000 question, Blake, is you talked about a lot of action that manufacturers of all types are going to be taking to improve their business resiliency really as a direct response to this crisis. And in the past, you’ve talked about, even at your Investor Day, talked about being able to grow at a multiple of IP and increasing that. Should we be thinking and is it your view that coming out of this, the nature of the industrial recovery is such that your multiple could even expand as manufacturers take actions that play into your wheelhouse?
Blake Moret: We’re optimistic, Noah, about our ability to play an even more important role for customers as we go forward. And I’ve given some insight as to the industries and some of the trends that we think we’re well positioned to partner with those customers on. And we’re going to be working hard in those areas, as Patrick mentioned, in some cases even investing in the areas of highest value. And we prefer to win in those opportunities, see the growth, and then we’ll talk about the resulting multiples. But our intention is to make it happen.
Noah Kaye: I appreciate that. Thanks very much for taking the question.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Noah.
Jessica Kourakos: Thank you. That concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining us. Really appreciate your support.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Kourakos, please go ahead
Jessica Kourakos: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s first quarter fiscal 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call.  With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO, and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures.  Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website, for replay, for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all our SEC filings. So, with that I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Please turn to page 3 of the slide deck. I’ll begin by saying that I’m pleased with our execution in the quarter and our start to the year. Despite a tough manufacturing environment, both revenue and earnings were slightly better than our expectations for Q1.  Total sales grew 3%, including over 4 points of contribution from inorganic investments primarily related to our Sensia joint venture. Organic sales were down 1% compared to a strong quarter a year ago. Backlog, however, was up year-over-year as well as sequentially.  Organic sales performance continues to include market share gains in core platforms. For instance, Independent Cart Motion Control Technology grew strong double-digits for us in the quarter. It is becoming a game-changing solution across a broad range of industries and applications.  Information Solutions and Connected Services, or IS/CS for short, had another great quarter, also growing strong double-digits. We had notable wins in Life Sciences, Food & Beverage, our first MES win in Luxury Goods, a significant MES win in Mining, and our first-ever augmented reality project in Oil & Gas.  Our broader and more differentiated portfolio gives us more ways to win in a wide variety of industries, including those where we are not the incumbent control platform. Recurring revenue in the quarter grew double digits, led by an increase in software subscriptions. As I mentioned, our earnings performance was slightly better than expected. Segment margins and adjusted EPS include one-time items related to Sensia as well as investments we are making to increase our long-term differentiation.  As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we are reaffirming our organic sales and adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal 2020. While there have been recent positive developments on global trade, and the macro environment is showing signs of stabilization, it is still too early to see that impact on customer spending.  Let’s now turn to slide 4 and go a little deeper into our vertical sales performance for the quarter. Discrete and Hybrid end-market segments did a little better than we expected this quarter while Process was a little weaker than we expected.  Within our Discrete segment, Auto grew mid-single digits, largely related to higher program spend in North America and Asia Pacific, and stabilization in MRO, albeit at low levels. While this higher program spend was better than anticipated, the overall auto market is still relatively weak and we think it is premature to change our flat full year outlook for this vertical.  Semiconductor sales were notably better in all regions, up high-single digits. Historically, our exposure to semis has been largely in facilities management, but we are also seeing new traction in material handling, IOT and cybersecurity applications. Turning now to our Hybrid market segment. Food & Beverage declined low-single digits, reflecting some project delays. However, given what we are hearing from customers, and the activity we have seen at packaging OEMs, we still believe Food & Beverage will grow low-single-digits for the year. In Life Sciences, we had another solid quarter, with sales growing both year over year as well as sequentially. As we’ve said before, this is an industry where our scalable architecture and our differentiation in IS/CS are well aligned and paying dividends. Our Process market segment declined slightly, especially in Chemicals and Pulp & Paper. Organically, oil & gas grew mid-single-digits this quarter and we continue to expect low-single-digits sales performance for the year. Sensia, which had a good start to the year, is expected to grow double digits based on its differentiation in the fast-growing, digital oilfield segment of this vertical. Turning to Slide 5 and our regional sales performance in the quarter. North America was down 3% organically, reflecting a weak manufacturing environment. The weakness in process industries was partially offset by Auto, up double-digits, and strength in Semiconductor. EMEA was up 2% in the quarter, led by Oil & Gas, Life Sciences, and Tire.  Asia Pacific grew by 6%, led by strong demand for Oil & Gas, Life Sciences, and Auto. Auto was up over 10% in the region and included strong gains at EV battery manufacturers where our readiness to serve is high. Our portfolio is demonstrating how well-positioned we are to benefit from the transition to EV. Latin America sales were down 1%, largely due to a tough comparison from last year and weaker performance in Automotive and Mining.  I’ll now make a few additional comments on our other accomplishments in the quarter. Our Annual Automation Fair was held last November in Chicago, and I’m proud to say that we reached a new all-time attendance record. Customers are focusing on outcomes, and sharply increased sales leads from the event indicate we are demonstrating our increased value for a wide variety of industries.  We also had record attendance at our Investor Day in November. There, we highlighted our execution plans to accelerate profitable long-term growth, while at the same time build even greater resiliency in our business through higher recurring revenue streams and a leaner more flexible cost structure.  We also had record attendance at our Investor Day in November. There we highlighted our execution plans to accelerate profitable long-term growth, while at the same time build even greater resiliency in our business through higher recurring revenue streams and a leaner, more flexible cost structure. We also had exciting new partners at the event, including Schlumberger, Accenture, and Ansys, which is a game-changing technology partner for simulation and digital twin applications.  We are seeing our partnerships contribute to many strategic wins and we had some great wins this quarter, including in Life Sciences across all major geographies. In Europe, we signed a major agreement with Roche. Roche will be implementing our PharmaSuite MES platform across 16 plants in their Pharma and Diagnostics divisions. In Europe, we signed a major agreement with Roche. Roche will be implementing our pharma suite MES platform across 16 plants in their Pharma and Diagnostics divisions.  In North America, we entered into a new multi-site, multi-year agreement with a major pharmaceutical producer. They selected FactoryTalk Innovation Suite to drive their Digital Transformation program for a connected plant and supply chain.  It will provide a common platform to drive real-time visibility of analytics to the operator, plant and enterprise levels, predict future events to avoid unplanned downtime and improve energy efficiency, and accelerate knowledge transfer and improve ease of use. Once implemented, this solution will eliminate hundreds of overlapping edge solutions, resulting in significant operational savings.  In China, Ruiying Pharma Group, a large pharmaceutical company, chose Rockwell to transform their factories to become smarter and more predictive, while at the same time assisting them to oversee quality management and ensuring that they comply with regulatory requirements.  From regulatory compliance, to safety and energy efficiency, Rockwell is becoming an increasingly important partner of our customers’ ESG initiatives. In addition to what we are doing in our own facilities, everything we do for customers is about increasing efficiency, reducing energy usage, improving worker safety, and ensuring regulatory compliance, all of which lowers business risk and is good for the environment.  Now, turning to slide 6, let’s talk a little more about our inorganic investments which are becoming an increasingly important complement to our long-term organic growth strategy. Starting with Sensia, this was our first quarter including Sensia as a fully operational joint venture consolidated in our results, and I am very pleased with its performance in Q1.  Operationally, Sensia’s top line grew double digits with strong traction at marquis Oil & Gas customers around the world. Our sales teams have been fully integrated, and we are looking forward to the launch of new solutions and products that will contribute to the double-digit sales performance we expect this year.  We also announced the acquisition of MESTECH at the beginning of Q1. MESTECH is an industrial software consulting and delivery services company based in India, and they have already been instrumental in winning key business for us in the quarter.  Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of Avnet Data Security, a cybersecurity provider based in Israel with over 20 years of experience. Cybersecurity is one of the fastest growing parts of our services business. The extensive knowledge and experience of the Avnet team will support our company's strategic objective to achieve double-digit growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services by expanding our IT/OT cyber and network expertise globally.  Plus, this acquisition will establish a global cybersecurity Center of Excellence for us in EMEA. This includes a remote managed service center and expands our portfolio of capabilities including a full training curriculum and labs. As you can see, we are actively deploying capital to advance our strategic priorities to accelerate share gains in our core business, continue growing double digits in IS/CS, grow domain expertise in process, and accelerate our market access in Europe and Asia. We are focused on driving value with more intensity than ever before.  Let me now turn it over to Patrick who will elaborate on our first quarter financial performance and fiscal 2020 outlook in his remarks. Patrick?
Patrick Goris : Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone.  I’ll start on slide 7, First Quarter Key Financial Information. First quarter reported sales were up 2.6% year over year. As expected, organic sales were down 1%. Acquisitions, which mainly represent the impact of Sensia, contributed 4.5 points of growth, better than expected. Currency translation decreased sales by 0.9 points, a higher headwind than we expected. Segment operating margin was 20.1%, down 270 basis points compared to last year. About half of the year-over-year decrease relates to the impact of acquisitions and related one-time costs, primarily Sensia. The other half of the year-over-year margin decrease is about evenly split between higher investment spending and unfavorable mix.  General Corporate – net expense of $32.8 million was up $11 million compared to last year. The increase is due to the impact of mark-to-market adjustments related to our deferred and non-qualified compensation plans and Sensia-related transaction fees.  The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 7.9% compared to 18.7% last year. About half of the reduction in the year-over-year tax rate is due to a Sensia $19 million one-time tax benefit. The remainder is other discrete items, primarily tax benefits from option exercises.  Adjusted EPS of $2.11 was a bit better than we expected, and down $0.10 compared to the first quarter of last year, a decrease of 5%. The year-over-year decrease in Adjusted EPS is primarily due to lower organic sales, particularly in some of our product businesses leading to unfavorable mix, and higher investment spending.  Partially offsetting that is a lower tax rate excluding the Sensia impacts, and the net benefit of a lower share count and higher net interest expense. The net year-over-year adjusted EPS contribution of Sensia in the quarter was one penny.  The Sensia contribution of one penny includes a $0.07 larger-than-expected headwind related to one-time items. Free Cash Flow was $194 million in the quarter, or about 80% of Adjusted Income. During the quarter, we paid the annual bonus that our employees earned in fiscal 2019.  A few additional items not shown on the slide: for Adjusted EPS, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 116.6 million, down 4.9 million or about 4% from last year. We repurchased about 0.5 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $100 million. This is in line with our full year target of about $400 million. At December 31st, we had $1 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization  Slide 8 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our operating segments. The Architecture & Software segment had modest organic growth in the quarter. Segment margin was very strong at 29.8% and a bit lower than the record margin last year, mainly due to increased investment spending.  Organic sales of the Control Products & Solutions segment decreased 2.5%. Inorganic investments increased sales by 8.2% compared to last year. Sensia accounts for almost all of the inorganic growth. Organic sales for our solutions and services businesses in this segment was down about half a point year-over-year. The higher margin product businesses in this segment were down about 5% on an organic basis. First quarter organic book to bill performance for our solutions and services businesses was 1.12, typical for a first quarter. Operating margin for this segment of 12.4% was down 310 basis points compared to Q1 last year, primarily due to Sensia one-time items, lower organic sales, and unfavorable mix. Segment margin excluding the year over year impact of Sensia was about 14%.  In the appendix, you will find two slides with a more detailed overview of the year-over-year incremental impact of Sensia for Q1 and for full year fiscal 2020 outlook. It is the same format we provided to you at our investor day.  As I mentioned earlier, from an operational viewpoint, Sensia sales and earnings were a bit better than we expected. Non-recurring items, including the tax benefit, were $0.07 worse than we expected in the first quarter, primarily due to larger purchase accounting adjustments and a lower tax benefit. For full year fiscal 2020, we now expect the net year-over-year impact of Sensia to be about neutral to adjusted EPS. The financial framework we shared with you at investor day last November remains valid with Sensia. We continue to target 30 to 35% earnings conversion for Rockwell assuming mid-single-digit organic sales growth.  This takes us to slide 9, guidance. Our outlook for fiscal 2020 remains unchanged compared to our November guidance. We are maintaining our sales growth and adjusted EPS guidance ranges. For adjusted EPS, in essence, compared to prior guidance, small headwinds due to Sensia one-time items, currency, and a higher share count are offset by a somewhat lower adjusted effective tax rate. The lower tax rate is the result of a higher excess income tax benefit related to share-based compensation. General corporate net is now expected to be closer to $105 million. Purchase accounting amortization expense for the full year is expected to be about $40 million, up $20 million compared to last year. Net interest expense for fiscal 2020 is still expected to be about $100 million. We expect non-controlling-Interest to be about $10 million, or a $0.10 charge to Adjusted EPS. Average diluted share count is now expected to be 116.5 million for fiscal 2020, and our adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be closer to 15.5%, which includes about a 150 basis point one-time benefit related to Sensia. We continue to project free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. Finally, we continue to project a weaker first half of the year, with organic sales down low single digits, followed by a stronger second half of the year. And as is typical for us, we expect weaker 2nd quarter Adjusted EPS performance versus the first quarter.  With that, I’ll hand it to Jessica to start Q&A. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Patrick. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you in as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Sharon, let’s take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning everyone. This is Joe on for Julian. 
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe can we start with diving into backlog trends? Can you maybe just provide some color on what drove the sequential rise and the year-over-year rise? And then, maybe within that, anymore details on Solutions and Services?
Blake Moret: Sure, how much more color we can provided except that as we mentioned, backlogs are up both year-over-year and sequentially, and I would say it was broad based including in North America. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. And then, at the end-market level, kind of on the mid-single-digit growth for oil and gas, was this on kind of company-specific drivers, maybe share gains? Or are you seeing kind of more positives in the end-market as a whole?
Blake Moret: On the organic side, there obviously has been a flattish capital spending and we do see a slower – a slowing of the oil and gas organically. However, on the Sensia joint venture, because the majority of that is focused on producing wells and not drilling new wells, we see it less susceptible to CapEx reductions and that gives us confidence based on our first quarter results and the outlook that double-digits impact part of our overall oil and gas business can take share and grow fast. 
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from John Inch with Gordon Haskett. 
Karen Lau: Hi, good morning. It’s Karen Lau dialing in for John. 
Blake Moret: Good morning, Karen. 
Karen Lau: Good morning. So, thank you for the details on Sensia in the appendix. I was just wondering in terms of the core margins, it looks like, you guys were making 18% core margins excluding the one-time items in the first quarter, but then in the full year you are guiding to around 14% margins. What is the driver of that?
Patrick Goris: Yes, what you can think about it, Karen, what you see in the appendix is the year-over-year incremental piece of Sensia. It’s the impact of the contribution of Schlumberger, which was higher margin business than what we contributed. 
Karen Lau: Okay. 
Patrick Goris: And so, therefore, when we talk about overall margin profile of Sensia, we do expect that the 20% EBITDA business going forward. But this year, we think it will be closer to mid-teens. 
Karen Lau: Okay. But is it – I mean, am I reading correctly that the first quarter results were better than what you were expecting for the full year? Or is that like some…
Patrick Goris:  But the piece that was contributed by Schlumberger and the synergy, the answer to that is, yes. I would also say that our spend increased in Sensia, because we are making some investments in technology and commercial resources. They were a little bit lighter in the first quarter than we expected. That’s why you see that margin in Q1 being a little bit better, as well than what you see for the full year outlook. 
Karen Lau: Got it. And then, just quickly, can you remind us what’s your expectation for investment spending for the year? And kind of the cadence throughout the year?
Patrick Goris: Yes, the way you can think about it, Karen is, consistent with what I mentioned to you in November. We think the year-over-year increase will be a little bit less than a 2% and it will be first half weighted. And so, we expect it to be more than that in the first half and in the second half, the increase year-over-year will be minimum in terms of year-over-year spend.
Karen Lau: Got it. Thank you. 
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Karen. 
Operator: Next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stephens. 
Robert McCarthy : Hi, it’s Robert McCarthy on for Robert McCarthy. 
Blake Moret: Hey, Rob. 
Robert McCarthy : How are you doing? So, in any event, just wanted to first, I mean, obviously wasn’t – it’s very dynamic situation right now. You had the trade deal. You had very encouraging quarter, but obviously you had this rising potentials of pandemic, and then I want to get too much of a Debbie Downer.  But how do you think about kind of your supply chain in China, how do you think about, kind of the trends in spillover? I know it’s very early and you don’t have a lot of information yet, but could you just give us some factors to think about and what sensitivities you are looking at in terms of exposures as you manage to this situation? 
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, first of all, Rob, the overwhelming first priority for us is to ensure that we are looking after our people in the region. And so, we are paying close attention to that to make sure that we can reduce to the very extent possible their exposure.  Second, and on a parallel path, we are undergoing a detailed review of our own manufacturing footprint, as well as our supply base to gauge the potential impacts. At this point, we don’t expect an impact to the quarter’s performance, but as you said, it’s a very dynamic situation and we are monitoring it hourly and looking for new inputs to help inform how we feel about the business impacts. But it’s the safety and well-being of our employees first. 
Robert McCarthy : Thank you for that. And then, I guess the follow-up would be, maybe just a little more color around Information Solutions and Connected Services, the continued double-digit growth there. Can you talk about, kind of the continued developments and collaboration with PTC, some of the wins and maybe expand your comments around augmented reality? And I don’t know track and trace is something that’s started to pick-up there or is looking to be encouraging.
Blake Moret: Yes, Rob, it’s a great story for us and with our own offerings that we’ve developed ourselves, plus with partners like PTC, the Information Solutions and Connected Services part of our offering continues to grow strong double-digits and we are seeing that it’s a true differentiator in some of the fastest growing parts of the overall automation market like electric vehicles and life sciences.  So, it works perfectly to complement the basic automation that we are providing in those industries whether it’s discrete automotive assembly or it’s process control for pharma, but as they are looking for more traceability, as they are looking for adding the ability to transfer knowledge from older workers to newer workers, augmented reality is a great part of that.  We have mentioned before, about a third of our sales of the software in this space include augmented reality. So it all works together. It’s increasing the hit rate for our MES software, because we have a broader portfolio and it works together well. So, there is a lot of positives in this respect. And I should mention it’s not just for end-users.  It’s also for OEMs, because they are looking for increasing the value of what they are providing and as they look for ways to increase their flexibility getting closer to that zero changeover time for packaging that is hard in the industry today.  Then this has a lot of benefit for them, as well. We had a win in the quarter with Harpak, who you heard from us at the Investor Day in November as they are adding that software to the basic logics control and variable speed drives and so on as part of the basic automation of those systems.  And then as a final point, we have seen, probably a higher degree of adoption of this software on top of competitive control platforms than we originally thought would happen. 
Robert McCarthy : Thanks for your time. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Rob. 
Patrick Goris: Thanks, Rob. 
Operator: Next question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird. 
Richard Eastman : Yes, good morning. Thank you for the questions. Blake, could you kind of speak, maybe to the geographic mix, the organic growth by geography in the quarter? And it just – it seems a bit scattered here. I mean, I presume, Asia was probably better than expected. U.S. maybe a little bit weaker. But how does the incoming backlog being up quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year?  How does that filter into maybe the geographic growth that you expect for the full year against the – kind of that midpoint of flat expectation for all of Rock?
Blake Moret: Yes, let me start with a couple of comments and then Patrick may have got some additional color on that. But as I said, Asia was better than expected. Latin America was worse than expected. North America and EMEA were pretty much in line with expectations. In North America, as we mentioned, we were down by 3% and that was largely due to declines in more process-oriented verticals with the exception of oil and gas.  So, we saw chemical, pulp and paper and metals, and then that was offset by the growth we mentioned in automotive, power and semiconductor. EMEA was up and oil and gas was a contributor there along with a recurrent theme of life sciences. Waste water was a good area for us in EMEA and in Asia, we were up with growth in oil and gas, life sciences, auto, tire and mass transit.  And then, LATAM was down a little bit where weakness in auto and mining was partially offset by growth in power, oil and gas and life sciences. So, that was kind of a rundown of what we saw in Q1. In terms of how the backlog feathers into that, obviously, mainly project, but also with some of the higher value services as well, particularly those included with the Connected Services part of IS/CS. 
Patrick Goris: Rick, maybe a little bit of color as to our assumptions by region for the full year. So, organic growth at the midpoint is flat year-over-year. We expect both the – both North America and EMEA to be a little bit below that and we expect both Latin America and Asia to be up a little less than 5%, about mid-single-digits. 
Richard Eastman : Okay. And …
Patrick Goris: So, what - but that inflected as we expect in essence better than our guidance, we expect second half of the year as I mentioned improvement and that includes the U.S., I would say, North America. 
Richard Eastman : Okay. And was there any noticeable impacts on the backlog and order flow around passage of the U.S. MCA when you are talking about Latin America and Mexico? Was there any noteworthy improvement in bookings or anything once that uncertainty was more or less lifted?
Blake Moret: Not yet, is the short answer. I mean, it’s a positive step and supporting the concept of free and fair trade that we’ve talked a lot about in the past. So we think it’s a good thing. But we haven’t seen the results on outperformance yet. 
Richard Eastman : Okay. Very good. Thank you. 
Blake Moret: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye : Thank you. t I was intrigued, Blake, because you call out ESG as a potential driving force for your customers to implement your suite of offerings. Conceptually, I think we can understand that, there is a basic efficiency play here that plays in ESG. Could you maybe provide some examples of where you are seeing that make a material difference in customers’ decisions?
Blake Moret: Well, as you said, everything we do is about productivity and a huge part of that productivity is efficiency. So, you take our power control offering, variable speed drives, which reduce dramatically the amount of energy that’s required to run industrial processes, tremendous amount of the world’s energy is consumed in factories and simply, not running full across the line when you don’t need it saves a ton of energy and our variable speed drives, low-voltage and medium-voltage continue to be a very strong part of our offering.  Specifically, in the new eco industrial segment that we introduced in November, talking about our support of renewable of water and waste water treatment and mass transit, those are all industries that reduce the amount of energy that are required and it was no coincidence that we created that new segment, because we are going to be doing more in that space.  And then finally, safety, that’s something we’ve talked a lot about in the past and in terms of the technology to be able to automate safety, but also the services that we provided, that’s an important part of ESG. We think that we are number one in the world when you pull all the discrete and process safety technology together, and that remains a really important area for us. 
Noah Kaye : That’s helpful. And then, maybe drilling into auto a little bit, as you said it surprised the upside, and you gave some good color around some regional patterns there in your prepared remarks.  But just, the outlook for kind of, soft overall light vehicle demand, is that having any impact as far as you can tell on kind of the backlog the longer cycle business in terms of OEM plans to bring new models to market or planned model changeovers? How are you thinking about that? 
Blake Moret: Well we – we are guiding to about flat currently with the auto - overall automotive segment for the year. I’d say the growth is highest in the specific EV drivetrain portion of the segment as people have bring in that capacity online whether it’s the brand owner or it’s the tier supplier, and by the way that contributed a lot to our performance.  That was a little better than expectations and if you want it was battery assembly that was a specific bright spot for there. That’s offset to some extent by the reality of a weaker star count for fewer vehicles than we saw a couple years ago being bought. Certainly, a lot of the brand owners are reducing their Sedan portfolio.  But there is still a fair bit of project spend there and in the - particularly in the SUV side of things. And the growth that we saw in the quarter was primarily due to project spend, MRO stabilized, but we didn't see any real growth in MRO in the quarter. 
Noah Kaye : That's helpful color. Thanks, Blake. 
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Noah. 
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. 
Steve Tusa: Hey guys. Good morning. 
Blake Moret: Good morning, Steve. 
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about a little bit more about what you're seeing on the food and beverage side and OEM? And then on maybe just a bit of color on how you see, kind of quarterly organic progressing maybe move through the rest of the year?
Blake Moret: Sure, I'll start with the food and beverage. We did see some delays in food. But one of the bright spots and I mentioned it is, we actually saw mid-single-digit growth in packaging OEMs. And it’s early but that’s sometimes a leading indicator as people are putting packaging in place and we did see that across the regions.  We also heard anecdotally from the packaging OEMs that their backlog is fairly good. And so those are encouraging signs. One area of particular strength for us – it’s small but it is still noteworthy India packaging OEMs and I say it’s is noteworthy because India maybe the most competitive market in the world and for us to have a success there is a really younger testament to the functionality and the ability to get to competitive levels there.  I was actually there in visit with some customers including some packaging OEMs in December. And I think there is some great opportunities there and we are going to continue to look at what we can do to grow our presence even faster in the Indian market. But in general, packaging OEMs were up.  We also saw some strength, specifically in beverage. We had a real nice conversion at a beverage OEM that’s going to a well-known beverage user and so that was also good in the quarter. 
Steve Tusa: And then you said, quarterly, yes, progression on organic?
Patrick Goris: Yes, see, for the full year, we remain at 0% organic growth. Obviously, Q1, we did minus 1. I would say, Q2, low, low-single-digits, meaning it’s close to what we did in Q1. We don’t expect it to get worse than what we did in Q1 and then for the balance of the year, I’d say, Q4 organic growth a little bit better than Q3. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. So, it seems to me that like, how do you get to kind of the low-end of the range than if that’s the case? I mean…
Patrick Goris: What I was providing was at the midpoint, Steve. 
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay, got it. 
Blake Moret: The trend that I think we have seen in the past with chemical and we did see that is the single largest contributor in the quarter. That was primarily in North America, we actually saw an increase in chemical in EMEA, down in Asia, and slightly down in Latin America. So, is it’s offset?  As we mentioned, we actually saw a growth in oil and gas, but the chemical was down in the quarter and most of that was concentrated in North America.
Steve Tusa: Thanks. 
Patrick Goris: As we said in the earlier, within Process, oil and gas was up. But generally, process industries were weak in the quarter. 
Steve Tusa: Great. 
Blake Moret: I would also mention, just for background that, in chemical lot of our exposure in specialty chemical. It’s not as much in the bulk chemical. That’s our traditional focus. There is some overcapacity that we are currently seeing in chemical and some effects from some of the consolidation that’s been going on in the industry over the last couple of years as well. So that’s some additional color that would certainly apply to North America. 
Steve Tusa: That’s great. Very helpful. And then just a quick one just on EV. I know, you said you had strong gains there during the quarter. I am just wondering if you can talk about China EV specifically and what you have been seeing there? Any changes? 
Patrick Goris: Yes, so, China – auto in China has been down Q3, Q4 of last year and we saw that continue into the first quarter of fiscal 2020. And that includes EVs. And so we are seeing some of the support or the subsidies go away in China and generally, and obviously it’s still a little bit lumpy, because it’s relatively small,  But EV and auto in general, we are certainly seeing some weakness in China. Interestingly, auto in Asia was up for us quite a bit and the reason there we are making some progress with some of the EV companies outside of China including some companies in Korea for example. 
Blake Moret: Yes, and that’s specific application that Patrick is mentioning in Korea was the battery assembly, which is a great application for us. We have mentioned before that, in comparison to the subtractive manufacturing processes for internal combustion engines, now for boring cylinders and things like that that require a lot of CNC content. Battery assembly and motor winding and EV drivetrain, we have a high readiness to serve there and that’s why we think that long-term EV is a great market for us to be in. 
Steve Tusa: That’s great. Thank you very much for your time. 
Blake Moret: Yes. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Josh Pokrzywinski : Hi, good morning all. 
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Josh. 
Blake Moret: Hey, Josh. 
Josh Pokrzywinski : So, apologies if I missed it earlier on the call. But, Blake, one thing that we talked about at the Analyst Day that I want to see how that is playing out is, it’s kind of the lower cyclicality of Rockwell maybe versus what folks would have been accustomed to five or ten years ago or even more that it does seem like at a point in time whether folks are seeing kind of a more depressed outlook that Rockwell is hanging in there a bit more stable.  I guess, one, is that consistent with the way you guys are seeing the world? And two, is there kind of a coiled spring on the back-end where you can see customers have a willingness to spend on projects, but there maybe not executing it. So, have we lost some of that upward mobility in exchange for lower cyclicality? 
Blake Moret: Yes, I wouldn’t draw that the causality between the two. But as we talked about a lot in November, that greater resiliency to economic cycles is something that we are making very explicit steps to address. And so, in addition to things like Information Solutions and Connected Services providing a lot of increased value to customers and pulling through some of our traditional products.  It does have an impact that we think is already being felt in terms of kind of clipping the trough of some of the normal volatility. Now it’s still a relatively small part of our business, right? But that’s compounding a strong double-digit growth, plus what we do with acquisitions having more recurring revenue makes it more important each year and last year.  We think – for instance, Information Solutions and Connected Services having about a point of organic growth to what we did and you know in a relatively low growth year overall, that’s meaningful.  So, we are going to continue to work on that in terms of both our organic development, the products and the environment to be able to manage recurring revenue. But it’s also a consideration as we look for companies to acquire and the percentage of recurring revenue. 
Josh Pokrzywinski : Got it. That’s helpful. And then, just a follow-up on investment. Again, apologies if you covered already. It seems like some of that got pulled forward into the first quarter as maybe demand was a little bit better than expected.  How should we think about the sensitivity from here on kind of that full year investment budget? Is it at a healthy level to where if you are at the top-end of the revenue range that the overall bucket doesn’t increase? Or how are you thinking about the sensitivity over the remaining three quarters? Thanks. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, Josh. So, what we mentioned was that the spending in the – the year-over-year increase in the first half will be higher than in the second half. Actually, the second half the way we have it dialed in now is the flattish from a year-over-year spend point of view. However, if, depending on what happens with our outlook for the year, and if we end up doing better what we do at the midpoint.  Clearly, we could decide to release more investments. There is a very long list of attractive investments that we are looking through all the time and we could decide to do more. 
Josh Pokrzywinski : Okay. Thanks for the color.
Patrick Goris: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe : Thanks, good morning. Appreciate the question. I know you covered a lot of ground already. But and I know we tend to focus more on the end-market out. So I am just wondering about the geographies and thinking about how geographically, things are playing out relative to your initial kind of guidance in November. In particular, North America, down 3.3% this quarter and I know that North America has been trending weak for some time now.  But with ISM where it is and IP negative, how does that look in North America specifically compared to your initial kind of outlook? And kind of what’s bouncing against that if it is weaker than you expected?
Blake Moret: Yes, so, as you said, the macro can generally be characterized as weak and there was some downward revisions. And our position to that is some of the backlog that was built in the first quarter and some of the things.  Again like the IS and CS, the Information Solutions and Connected Services backdrop aren’t going to be as coupled directly to some of the broader indicators, if in those areas, we can demonstrate a relatively quick return on that investment, which is often from OpEx then we think that that’s going to be more resilient than some of the other more capital-related spending. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, and then, Nigel, for Q1, we would say that North America and EMEA came in basically in line with our expectations. Asia-Pacific came in better and Latin America came in weaker. And for the full year, compare estimate point, we think that North America and EMEA will be down a bit and we think that Asia-Pacific and Latin America will be up mid-single-digits at a less than 5%. 
Nigel Coe : Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks, Patrick. And then a quick one on obviously A&S is holding up a lot better through the soft patch than we’ve seen historically. And I know it’s also flowing through the IS layer, but can you just maybe – is there any way to quantify kind of the relationship with PTC and how that’s helping to – maybe improve the trough performance of A&S? And any color there would be helpful.
Blake Moret: Yes, I made a general comment to that and that is, manufacturing - advanced manufacturing is becoming a much more noteworthy part of a company’s overall digital transformation plans. So we see companies like Stanley Black & Decker, as they talk about fairly significant reductions in cost they're being asked to go a little deeper and explain how they are going to get there and we are finding ourselves apart of those explanations as to how we are going to be able to reduce OpEx for these companies.  By having the relationship with PTC and having that increasingly important in IS/CS offering, we are going to have those broad discussions at a higher level than if we were just talking about programmable controller performance or some of the other elements of basic automation.  So it allows us to get higher in the organization and deploy a meaningful part of those overall discussions whereas if we didn’t have that kind of breadth, then we might find ourselves playing a little more deep ends in some of the core components.  So that’s at a high level how a partnership with a company like PTC will pull through some performance in the core products, because they all go together, that basic automation and then the information that sits on top of it to draw insights from the data that’s born in our products. 
Nigel Coe : Okay. Thanks, Blake. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nigel. 
Jessica Kourakos: Sharon, we will take one more question. 
Operator: We have a question from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : Hey, good morning guys. 
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Andy. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : Thanks for letting me in. Blake, you might have talked about this earlier, but on Sensia, you mentioned that operating performance was better than expected. Maybe you could just talk about – give a little more color on what that means? Obviously, there is a lot of moving pieces with Sensia in the guide that you gave last quarter for the year.  I think you talked about $0.05 excluding interest. Could it be better than that in 2020?
Blake Moret: Yes, I mean, we are pushing the team, obviously to perform as if they are in an open field because we think they are. We think that what they are offering is somewhat unique in the market and our original hypothesis that there was a low level of basic automation in the oilfield, particularly the onshore oilfield is proving to be true.  So that things that we are talking about as we are selling the traditional offerings into that space of things like measurement, devices, as well as artificial lift and so on, the ability to commence and to weave that together is really meeting with a lot of interest and some of these are our existing customers, but customers that in the past have bought the products as needed from us.  But now they are saying that we can play a much more significant part in their overall strategy. And I had a chance to talk with some of these customers over the last year in Latin America and in Europe and we are excited and even more excited after the first quarter’s results, because these companies are voting with their wallets.  And again, it’s a solutions-based approach. It’s the measurement devices, it’s the artificial lifts, it’s the software and then it’s the delivery capability to bring this all together to reduce their cost to produce a barrel of oil. 
Andrew Kaplowitz : And Blake, I just wanted I just wanted to follow-up on your comment on Latin America. A, is the incremental weakness or the moderation that that you saw really focused on mining and/or just tough comparisons, there has been a little bit of unrest down there. You just mentioned oil and gas pretty strong. So, just what have seen down there?
Blake Moret: Yes, so, mechanically, we still have some tough comps against that big Codelco project in mining that we've talked about over the last year or so. And that project is going very well by the way. In general, in Latin America, we saw modest growth in Mexico and Brazil, but it was offset by weakness in Argentina and Chile and of course a good component of that would be mining-related.  Mexico was up low-single-digits and Brazil was also up low-single-digits. So, I think you are right that some of it is comps. We expect mining to be about flat for the year in Latin America.
Andrew Kaplowitz : Thanks, Blake. 
Blake Moret: Yes. 
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Andy. 
Operator: And at this time, I will turn the call over to Ms. Kourakos. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thank you, Sharon. I’ll turn it back to Blake for few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. As we have been discussing, I am happy to see our new offerings delivering significantly increased value. We’ve never been better positioned with a more differentiated offering as the convergence of IT and OT creates tremendous new opportunities. And our employees and partners they continue to set us apart and we are really excited about the journey ahead. 
Jessica Kourakos: Okay. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s fourth quarter fiscal 2019 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I’ll start with some key points for the quarter. So please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. Organic growth of 1.4% was better than expected, with growth seen across a broad range of industries and across all of our core platforms despite a challenging macro environment. Going a little deeper into our vertical sales performance, oil and gas and mining each had another strong double-digit growth quarter. Life sciences continued to show solid momentum with sales growing mid-single digits and very strong bookings. Our offerings in cybersecurity, modular control and PharmaSuite MES, coupled with FactoryTalk InnovationSuite are extremely well positioned and aligned with industry trends. Food and beverage was slightly up, led by strength in EMEA that was partially offset by other regions. Automotive grew mid-single digits with growth in all regions except Latin America and with some important competitive conversions. In the quarter, we also saw increasing activity within electric vehicles, including a strategic win in North America that we look forward to talking more about at our Investor Day on November 20. Semiconductor, which is about 5% of our sales, was down over 10%, but flat sequentially. Our Logix business grew 3% even against a tough comparison last year where it grew 7%. Logix growth was broad-based across most regions and end markets. Adjusted EPS was $2.1, including a $0.14 impact from a restructuring charge and a $0.04 impact from Sensia setup costs in the quarter that were not included in our July guidance. Finally, free cash flow was very strong. Turning to Slide 4, and our regional sales performance in the quarter, North America declined 1%. Continued strength in oil and gas and mining was offset primarily by softness in semiconductor and power generation. Auto improved sequentially and was up year-over-year. EMEA sales were up 4% versus prior year, with strong growth in life sciences, food and beverage and mining. Asia was flat and China sales were down 4% versus last year. China weakness in semiconductor, metals and automotive was partially offset by continued strength in infrastructure spend. Latin America was up 17% in the quarter, a great finish to a strong year. Most countries in this region, including Mexico, contributed to growth, very strong oil and gas and life sciences sales performance more than offset weakness in automotive in this region. Now moving to the full year, let’s turn back to Slide 3. While fiscal 2019 was marked by uncertainty related to trade, it was a year of progress for Rockwell, with strong operating performance and strategic investments, setting the stage for our continued success. Here are some highlights of our financial performance. Our diverse industry exposure enabled us to deliver 2.8% organic growth even with automotive and semiconductor down over 10%. Segment operating margins of 22% expanded 40 basis points and adjusted EPS was up 7% year-over-year. We had another good year of 100% free cash flow conversion and we deployed $1.5 billion to dividends and share repurchases. We also continued to make solid progress in our long-term growth initiatives. These include share gains in our core platforms, faster growth in process, double-digit growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services and growth in EMEA and Asia. For example, we saw core platform growth with strong contribution from products like PowerFlex drives and Stratix network switches. This makes sense when you consider that industrial companies can’t transform their operations without data from smart secure devices. This is also Rockwell’s home field advantage. We saw double-digit growth in process industries like oil and gas, mining and pulp and paper. Recurring revenue streams grew double digits with increases in project size and enterprise rollouts of our Information Solutions and Connected Services contributing approximately one percentage point to organic growth for the year. We capped off the first year of our alliance with PTC by delivering a very strong sequential increase in new deals in Q4. And for the full year, our alliance enabled strategic wins around the world across a broad range of vertical markets. Importantly, many of these wins were on top of competitive control platforms. Finally, we grew faster outside the U.S. Patrick will elaborate further on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance in his remarks. Let’s move on now to the macro environment and our outlook for full year fiscal 2020. Our outlook balances geopolitical uncertainty with confidence in our differentiated portfolio and ability to gain share. Global trade tensions continue to create uncertainty and industrial production is decelerating heading into fiscal 2020, which we expect will have some negative impact on customer CapEx. However, we are excited about new product introductions across our portfolio. Also, given our pipeline of projects for our customers’ digital transformation plans, which are often funded kind of OpEx budgets and not CapEx. We believe we will have another good year in Information Solutions and Connected Services. Taking all this into account, we’re expecting flat organic sales at the midpoint of our fiscal 2020 guidance. We expect our reported sales to be up approximately 3.5% year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance. This includes approximately 4 points of inorganic growth coming from our investments in Sensia and MESTECH, partially offset by currency. Turning now to earnings, as you’ve seen in our fourth quarter results, we took restructuring actions to help drive $40 million in [Audio Dip] allow us to both reinvest in our highest growth initiatives and help deliver earnings growth in this environment. Including the impact of acquisitions and currency, our guidance for sales is about $7 billion. Our adjusted EPS guidance range is $8.70 to $9.10 with the midpoint of $8.90. Now I’ll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q4 and full year results and our fiscal 2020 sales and earnings guidance.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 5, which provides our key financial information for the fourth quarter. As Blake mentioned, fourth quarter reported sales were flat. Organic growth of 1.4% was better than expected, largely benefiting from better performance in automotive and food and beverage. Currency translation reduced sales by 1.5 points. Our fourth quarter results include a $20 million restructuring charge, as well as $6 million of Sensia setup costs, neither of which were included in our July guidance. The restructuring charge is split about evenly between both segments, with about 25% in cost of goods sold and the remainder in SG&A. We are reinvesting the majority of the $40 million savings associated with the restructuring charges towards our highest priorities, including commercial resources and increased software development. We continuously look for ways to streamline processes and drive internal simplification and productivity, enabling us to increase investments to fund profitable growth. Segment operating margin was 20.2%, down 60 basis points compared to last year primarily due to the restructuring and Sensia setup costs that I referred to. General corporate net expense of $36 million was up $18 million compared to last year. As you may recall, we had a large favorable insurance settlement in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Adjusted EPS of $2.1 was down about 4% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding the restructuring charge and Sensia setup costs, adjusted EPS was up about 4% compared to last year. As Blake mentioned, we have very good free cash flow performance in the quarter, $451 million or over 190% of adjusted income. Reduced working capital contributed $150 million in the quarter. A few additional items that are not shown on the slide; average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $117 million, down $6.5 million from last year. We repurchased 1.4 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $224.9 million. For full year fiscal 2019, repurchases totaled $1 billion. At September 30, we had about 1.1 billion remaining under existing share repurchase authorizations. Slide 6 provides key financial information for full year 2019. After a good start to the fiscal year, our rates of organic growth slowed in the second half as a result of the weakening macro environment, particularly for industrial companies. Organic growth for the year was 2.8%. Blake covered most of what is on the slide, so I’ll just provide a few additional comments. Growth in segment margin and adjusted EPS was mainly due to higher organic sales. The full year adjusted effective tax rate of 17.9% reflects the full year benefits of U.S. Tax Reform passed during our fiscal 2018. We had another year of 100% or more free cash flow conversion and return on invested capital remained above our target of 20%. The year-over-year reduction in return on invested capital reflects the mark-to-market adjustment of our investments in PTC. Turning to tariffs, I’d like to recognize the great work done by many of our colleagues. We neutralized the impact through supply chain actions, including negotiations with vendors and targeted price increases on affected products. Slide 7 provides a sales and margin performance overview of our two operating segments. Architecture & Software organic sales were up 2.3% in the quarter. Segment margin of 26.2% was down 190 basis points compared to the same period last year mainly due to restructuring charges and lower volume leverage affecting the segment. Control Products & Solutions organic growth was 0.7%. Our product businesses in this segment were about flat year-over-year and our solutions and services businesses were up about 1%. Segment operating margin expanded 40 basis points mainly as a result of good margins in our solutions business. The restructuring charge was about 1 point headwind to segment margin. The book-to-bill performance in our solutions and services businesses in the quarter was 0.93% and our backlog for solutions and services was up about 1% compared to last year. This takes us to Slide 8 guidance. As Blake mentioned, we’re expecting sales of about $7 billion in fiscal 2020. We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of minus 1.5% to plus 1.5% and flat at the midpoint of our range. The Sensia and MESTECH inorganic investments, both of which closed in early October are expected to contribute approximately 4 points of revenue growth. And we expect the headwinds from currency of about 50 basis points consistent with currency rate forecast for the next 12 months. We expect segment operating margin to be approximately 21.5%. Excluding the impact of Sensia, we expect segment margin to be about flat year-over-year. We believe the full year adjusted effective tax rate will be about 16% which includes 200 basis points discrete tax benefit from Sensia. Our underlying adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be about 18%, the same as fiscal 2019. Our adjusted EPS guidance range is $8.70 to $9.10, and the midpoint – at the midpoint, this represents about 3% of adjusted EPS growth on about 3.5% higher reported sales. A few additional items about fiscal 2020; general corporate net is expected to be about $100 million. Net interest expense is also expected to be about $100 million. We’re dialing in about 400 million of share repurchases and assume average diluted shares outstanding of about 116 million shares. We will share more details with you on our capital deployment and capital structure plans at our Investor Day next week. And finally, we expect full year 2020 free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. This includes $100 million of capital expenditures. From a calendarization point of view, we expect first half revenue to be down low single digits compared to fiscal 2019, followed by a stronger second half, mainly due to easing comps. The next Slide 9, provides an adjusted EPS walk from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 guidance midpoint. Going from left to right, core performance contributes about $0.20. We benefit from the savings generated from the fiscal 2019 restructuring charge, about $15 million of the $40 million savings is dropping through the bottom line. Fiscal 2020 also benefits from the absence of the fiscal 2019 restructuring charge and incentive compensation at the midpoint of our fiscal 2020 guidance is a bit lower than the prior year. We expect Sensia to contribute about $0.05 of adjusted EPS. Within that, the benefit of the discrete tax item I referred to earlier and incremental earnings are partially offset by nonrecurring setup costs and transaction fees as well as intangibles and non-controlling interest adjustments. Sensia is expected to have an EBITDA margin profile of about 20%. It will be closer to low teens in fiscal 2020, given nonrecurring setup costs. Net interest expense, operating pension expense and currency are all expected to be headwinds. Net interest expense is expected to be higher as a result of the capital deployment activities in fiscal 2019 and those planned for fiscal 2020. The lower interest rate environment is increasing our operating pension expense and currency forecast project a stronger U.S. dollar. Finally, a lower share count is expected to contribute about $0.25 to adjusted EPS. In summary, the net impact of Sensia is about neutral year-over-year, and we are offsetting pension and currency headwinds with productivity and the benefits of our lower share count to deliver adjusted EPS growth. So with that, I’ll turn it back over to you, Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Patrick. Before we move to Q&A, I want to make some additional remarks. In fiscal 2019, we executed well and made good progress on our long-term initiatives. Looking to fiscal 2020, we have another exciting year ahead of us. We will continue to provide new value with the Connected enterprise, which gives us more ways to win. As a pure play, our entire focus is on helping industrial companies and their people be more productive and sustainable. We have no competing priorities. And our relentless focus allows us to grow revenue and efficiently deploy our resources to deliver high margins and increased earnings. Our strategy also generates strong, sustainable cash flow that we will continue to direct to value-creating opportunities. An example is Sensia, our joint venture with Schlumberger. Sensia officially opened for business on October 1 and is off to a great start. This joint venture is positioned to be the most innovative provider of process automation, measurement and IoT solutions to the oil and gas industry, and we are very excited by initial customer reception. In its first month of operation, we have already secured several large project wins from around the world, as oil and gas customers look to drive additional operating efficiency. In addition, we announced the acquisition of MESTECH last month, which augments our delivery capabilities for Information Solutions and Connected Services implementations, particularly in the automotive and life sciences industries. As we look ahead, our acquisition pipeline continues to be very robust. Our key areas of focus for inorganic investments remain Information Solutions and Connected Services, Process Expertise and Market Access in EMEA and Asia. While the size, amount and timing of deals can never be predicted with certainty, we continue to target a point or more of annual growth from acquisitions. In fiscal 2020, we will exceed that goal. Turning now to Slides 10 and 11. We are making some changes to the way we segment our served industries. Going forward, we will be focusing our commentary on our performance in discrete, hybrid and process industries, and we’ll continue to provide color on individual end markets like food and beverage and automotive. Slide 12 provides the end market growth assumptions that align to the midpoint of our fiscal 2020 organic revenue guidance. This industry segmentation more effectively reflects our performance and progress we are making in executing our strategy. For those of you coming to our Investor Day next week, I look forward to seeing you there. As usual, we will hold Investor Day at Automation Fair, our main customer event, which is in Chicago this year. Customers from around the world will see how we are bringing the Connected Enterprise to life. We will showcase our innovation and that of our partners in what will be an especially important event. We are on track for this to be our biggest and most exciting automation fair yet. Finally, I’d like to thank each of our employees and partners for their efforts to bring the Connected Enterprise to life within Rockwell and at our customers. I’m especially grateful for the way our employees are embracing change in demonstrating our company’s values every day. We are truly converging IT and OT and have added new talent at all levels of the organization who are contributing to the innovation we’ll be featuring at Automation Fair. With that, let’s turn the call over to Jessica to begin Q&A. Jessica?
Jessica Kourakos: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow up. Thank you. Marcela, let’s take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, Blake, Patrick and Jessica.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Jessica Kourakos: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Thanks for the update in the new segmentation. It seems to make a lot of sense, too. But I just want to talk a little bit about China. I mean China has been a pretty volatile market. I think some of your competitors have seen results meaningfully worse than yours, and so you’re doing reasonably well. But what’s the visibility that you think you have into 2020? I mean just some of these infrastructure projects fall off and then they need to be replaced by other things more substantive? Or are there other infrastructure projects that come in right after them? And maybe just give us a little bit of color on China.
Blake Moret: Yes. So Scott, from a broad sense, I mean China is obviously the world’s largest manufacturing economy, and we have low share in China. And so we are relatively less impacted by the ups and downs of their volatility on the surface because there’s so much more that we can pick up. We serve a broad range of the industries, and there’s a lot of infrastructure to be built in China. So we expect that to continue. But also importantly, a lot of the spend in China is on the Information Solutions and Connected Services, drawing insights from the basic automation. And that’s relatively less impacted by CapEx spending. That’s more operational spending, and we expect to continue to grow there. So the long-term trends are still positive in China.
Scott Davis: Okay. And you guys didn’t mention anything about the GM Strike in your comments. Was there any negative impact this quarter? Or should we build in for the first quarter of 2020?
Blake Moret: Scott, there was a little bit of a delay in MRO spend from GM, but not a lot, and we expect that to recover.
Scott Davis: Okay. Very good. Thank you. See you guys next week.
Blake Moret: Exactly, Scott. See you then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Good morning, everybody.
Blake Moret: Hey, John.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
John Inch: Hi, guys. Blake, in the guide – Blake and Patrick, in the guide process, you’re expecting to sort of soften to flat. How would that translate into sequential trends? And maybe you could sort of give us a sense of what’s happening kind of regionally in process? And I make the comments and the context, but Honeywell and Emerson, they had pretty good results actually in process, pretty good project activity in Asia Pac and so forth. What are you guys seeing?
Blake Moret: Well, I’ll make a couple of comments and then Patrick will add to that. In North America, we continue to see strength in oil and gas, mining and pulp and paper. We do see some moderation in the coming year. I should point out that when we talk about oil and gas, that’s excluding Sensia, which we expect as we’ve talked about before, to grow double digits, which is a smaller part of the overall oil and gas market focused primarily at the digital oilfield, which we think will continue to grow double digits, and we obviously expect to grow faster than the market. In terms of the sequential performance, I’ll ask Patrick to make some comments there.
Patrick Goris: Yes. We don’t expect big swings by quarter, John, from a process point of view. And within process –
John Inch: Relatively stable.
Patrick Goris: Say again.
John Inch: I’d say relatively stable in, Patrick. Is that how you’re thinking about it?
Patrick Goris: That’s what we believe, yes.
John Inch: Okay. I’m sorry, you were saying something?
Patrick Goris: No.
John Inch: Okay. And then just out of that in that sort of – it’s part of this discussion. Oil and gas, how are you guys actually putting up such strong results? Do you think in oil and gas – especially on the land side, I mean peers, depending on sort of their activity interactions with oil and gas, we’re seeing insignificant pressures there, but you guys are not seeing that. Is it specific program share wins? What do you think is going on here?
Blake Moret: Yes, we do think, and particularly with Sensia, we think that there’s big opportunity to continue to gain share. Remember, a lot of our participation is with more exposure to OpEx. So our exposure is not as much in drilling new wells as in getting efficiency from the wells once they’ve started producing, and so they’re not going to be as affected by volatile CapEx spend. And then, again, with Sensia, we think we have an opportunity to meaningfully accelerate our gains in oil and gas, particularly onshore upstream.
John Inch: Just last, Blake. How would you characterize your level of conservatism in this guide? I think it caught a number of us – I mean to your credit off guard based on how sort of strong it is. If you go back a year ago, right, you were guiding for a midpoint of 905 and you did 867. So maybe you could – people sort of view Rockwell as a conservative company, particularly your guidance. You missed your guidance last year. How do you sort of put in a context to conservatism? And what makes you sort of comfortable that this range isn’t also going to potentially be a repeat of fiscal 2019?
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean, John, I think, fundamentally, Rockwell Automation remains a conservative company. But there’s a lot of uncertainty out there, and we’re balancing that with what we know within our own four walls we’re producing and what we’re hearing from customers around the world in terms of their plans and the ability that we have to participate there. So we think that the flat organic growth is an appropriate balance between those two broad opposing forces.
John Inch: Got it. Thanks very much. We’ll you see in a week.
Blake Moret: See you soon, John.
Operator: Your Next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Jeff.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Just a couple for me, please. First, just kind of level set on kind of the exit rate here on 2019. Did the dial back in investment spend and compensation in the fourth quarter occur as you should suggested and kind of what is the exit rate on those items?
Patrick Goris: Yes. So Jeff, from a spend point of view, we ended the year where we expect it to be a little less than – up a little less than 2% year-over-year. The fourth quarter was down a little compared to last year, again, as expected. From an incentive comp point of view, compared to what we shared with you in July, incentive comp expense was higher in fiscal 2019, given that we outperformed our expectations. And so the expense in fiscal 2019 was closer to $75 million compared to the $60 million that I shared with you in July.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And then you’re suggesting from that $75 million, you are stepping down modestly in 2020.
Patrick Goris: Yes, at the midpoint, about $10 million, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And just looking at Latin America a little bit more closely, obviously, an extraordinarily strong quarter. How do you see that playing out over the balance of the year? Was there anything in particular unusual in the quarter there?
Patrick Goris: Actually, Latin America was strong in some of the consumer verticals, but particularly, oil and gas was very strong. Mining, pulp and paper, water – wastewater, all up double digits in the quarter. We do expect some of that to moderate in fiscal 2020. You may recall, Jeff, we also had a large Codelco mining project in Latin America. So we’ll have some tough comps next year. And so for next year, we expect that growth in Latin America to moderate a bit.
Blake Moret: I would also say that earlier in the year, we saw continued growth from Brazil, and that continued to have positive growth through the year. But Mexico picked up partway through the year, and we saw a strong contribution as we exited from Mexico, which has good exposure to a broad range of the industries that we serve. It’s obviously oil and gas, but it’s Food and Beverage, Automotive really across-the-board.
Jeff Sprague: And just one last one to clarify. The first half, down low single digit, that’s an organic number or a reported number?
Patrick Goris: That’s organic, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: All right. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you. See you soon.
Jeff Sprague: See you next week.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe – good morning. Just wanted to circle back on this notion of perhaps conservatism in the revenue guide and how you’re thinking about that sales guide because, I guess, three months ago, you’ve guided organic sales to be down low to mid-single digit in Q4, you just printed slight growth. Now you’re guiding for the first fiscal half to be down low single digits. So just trying to think, versus three months ago, do you genuinely feel worse about the macro environment? Do you view the Q4 performance is just a bit of a blip because of some movements in the Automotive sector? Maybe just try and characterize why you’re guiding for a decline now, if it’s just because of low visibility or there’s genuinely something you’ve seen that deteriorated in the last month or two.
Blake Moret: I think there’s – as we talked about before, there’s a balance between what is undeniably continued uncertainty. We continue to see decelerating macro indicators, industrial production and so on. But then on the other side, we’re very optimistic about our ability to gain share regardless of what those numbers are. But we’re informed by, to some extent, what we saw in the fourth quarter, but also what we’re expecting the year ahead to show. Backlog, a little bit up, but not a tremendous amount, and we think it’s a balanced outlook on fiscal 2020.
Patrick Goris: Julian, I would just add that we’ve had one quarter of better-than-expected sales performance in Q4 after two quarters where we had weaker performance than we expected, and the macro indicators that we track PMI and IP are still weakening. And so we think that we’re balancing all of these things out.
Blake Moret: I’d also say that we’re happy with the ability to have inorganic growth contributing to the year. It fits very well with our strategy, and it’s a meaningful contribution to our reported growth in the coming year.
Julian Mitchell: That’s helpful and thanks also for the color in the slides. My second question would be on the segment margin guidance. So I think it’s guided to be flat ex Sensia in 2020 for the year as a whole on the segment margin line. That’s despite flattish sales not down, lower restructuring costs and net restructuring savings of $15 million coming in. So maybe just beyond incentive comp, talk about any other moving parts in that margin bridge. For example, it looks as if you’re dialing in a mix headwind perhaps because discrete is losing as a share of the total pie. Is that a fair summary? Or is there something else moving around in the margins in 2020?
Patrick Goris: I think the way you can think about it is, on the margin side, there is no organic growth, but there is some pricing that’s being realized. So there is some uptick there. As you mentioned, mix is somewhat of a headwind next year. Then the restructuring and then bonus expense clearly is a little bit of a tailwind. But our spend next year, our overall spend increase is not flat. Actually, we’re investing some next year and so our spend is up low single digits. A couple of points next year, a little bit less than that. And so the net of that is flat margins. So tailwind from price, headwind from, as I mentioned, some of the reinvestments that we’re doing in mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: So given the kind of better-than-expected performance in the quarter, I totally acknowledge that your business is – the majority of it – vast majority is short-cycle in nature. How much kind of came towards the end of the quarter? And then to the extent you have a backlog or a front log, how much was like more of the kind of the quickest turn short cycle, if you will?
Patrick Goris: Yes. Steve, Patrick here. Actually, we – the sales improved through the quarter. September was our strongest month, but that is not unusual for September.
Steve Tusa: Right.
Patrick Goris: And so I’d say, improvement through the month, and as always, particularly September, tends to be the strongest month of the quarter.
Steve Tusa: So you were already kind of – you saw the trends through August and you were already kind of at the high end or above kind of the range at that stage of the game?
Patrick Goris: No. September was the strong month.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Were there any targeted pricing measures with regards to any of the business projects, et cetera, where you pushed a little harder to get the install on a price basis in the quarter?
Patrick Goris: No, I wouldn’t say that, Steve, at all. Our annual price increase went into effect in August as we ever see a little bump in volume due to price like pre-buys that nothing unusual there at all. And we don’t – rough price to get volume.
Steve Tusa: Got it. What is your price expectation for 2020 now? What kind of – what’s embedded?
Blake Moret: About 1 point, Steve. Last year, we did a little bit less than 2 points, including the impact of pricing associated with the tariffs. And so for fiscal 2020, we’re targeting a little less than 1 point, about 1 point.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Great. All right. Thanks, I appreciate the colors always. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you.
Blake Moret: See you soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman from Baird. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Patrick, could you just speak to the 4 points of inorganic growth that you forecast for 2020? Could you split that between Sensia and MESTECH, a little bit is about $275 million of revenue. And is there any seasonality to think about with Sensia?
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about it is the vast majority of that 4 points, meaning more than – well more than 3 points comes from Sensia closer to 3.5 points or more, so most of that comes all from Sensia. And then in seasonality, I would probably say a little bit more second half weighted than first half weighted, also because we’re expecting to deliver revenue synergies as a result of the joint venture. So obviously, starting October 1, we’re recording all the sales, but we expect sales to accelerate in Sensia, given the synergies that we expect of the combined offering.
Richard Eastman: And that’s captured in the 3 – call it 3.5 points. That’s captured in there, the synergies?
Patrick Goris: Absolutely.
Richard Eastman: And then…
Patrick Goris: Yes. I don’t think – on a go-forward basis, I don’t expect meaningful calendarization of the results of either of those investments.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then, Blake, could you just spend a second just around the dynamics. I think when you mentioned the PTC kind of wins, the dynamic there that – I don’t know if you said them, majority or many coming on competitor platforms. Just kind of mention the sales strategy around that and if that is going to provide some leverage here down the road onto the hardware side of your business.
Blake Moret: Well, yes, happy to. So for many years, our fundamental play was providing an integrated control architecture to our customers. So typically, our Logix control was at the heart of that, and we would have operator interface, smart products like drives and servers and so on that will connect easier than anybody else in that architecture. On top of that, we now have greater capacity than we ever had to add information processing software that allows you to take the data from that control and to turn it into insights to drive additional productivity. And it works great when it’s sitting on top of a Rockwell control architecture, but it doesn’t have to. It takes data very well from our competitors as well. And what we’re finding, really to our delight, is that almost half of the sales are putting that software on top of someone else’s control system. And so it allows us to go into a brownfield, they’re not ready to change out their controllers yet, but it gives us a reason for being there and to add value into their operation. So it gives us more ways to win more customers that have a reason for being in their facility, talking about their business problems.
Richard Eastman: Got it. Great. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Your Next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just want to kind of step back a little bit, Blake, if you don’t mind. I think looking back over the last couple of years, there are points in time when I think people would have said, gosh, old Rockwell, if you want to call it that, might have grown a little faster. And now with this quarter, I think people would have assumed probably a little bit more cyclicality than what you guys put up. So is the case that because of some of these information services pushes and maybe some less cyclical end markets like Food and Beverage, which is obviously your largest end market, is it that the cyclicality is coming down? Or do you think that kind of cycle-to-cycle growth accelerates? Because I guess they are two different elements. I guess what’s the objective there?
Patrick Goris: We’re going after both, Josh. And as we’ve talked before and we’ll talk more next week in detail, the ways that we’re increasing our resilience to volatility involves the things that you’ve mentioned. It’s more recurring revenue in the form of subscriptions and as a service business models from Information Solutions and Connected Services. So we get a double benefit there. It’s growing double digits, but there’s also a very high component of that that’s recurring in nature. We’re also decreasing our volatility by greater exposure to process industries, which are typically later cycle than on traditional discrete areas. And then life cycle services being able to provide ongoing services after commissioning the initial projects, and we’re doing that with more urgency than I’d say ever before. And then finally, some of the inorganic investments, as we talked about, in a period of low or no organic growth, it’s nice to have 4 points or more from the inorganic growth. So it’s going to address both. It’s early. We got a lot of work yet to do, but I’m very happy with the results so far.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Understood. And then just a follow-up question around Sensia, obviously, that $0.05 in guidance has a lot of moving pieces. If you wouldn’t mind just kind of snapping the line if we were one year forward and all the noise comes out, whether it’s tax or some of the kind of onetime costs, what would that $0.05 look like?
Patrick Goris: Okay. Josh, Patrick here. The $0.05, if I look at what’s in there, they’re about $0.05 of fees and setup costs that are in there. And so we would expect that to go away. And the way we’re thinking about it internally is that Sensia is expected to be a 20% EBITDA business. This year overall adjusted EPS impact about neutral. We expect that to start to contribute to adjusted EPS next year. From a free cash flow point of view, it’s contributing to us in fiscal 2020.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. But there’s also, call it, $0.20 of tax in there as well, right? So $0.05 higher for the fees and…
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about the tax, the $0.20 is the overall tax impact. The tax impact to Rockwell Automation shareowners is only 53% of that. So within the $0.05, it’s only $0.11 of tax. You have to adjust out the part that does not go through Rockwell Automation shareowners. And maybe this is an opportunity to provide a little bit more color on the $0.05 of Sensia on the bridge. Within that are obviously incremental earnings associated with Sensia, adjusted for the part of the earnings that no longer go through Rockwell Automation shareowners. So the incremental earnings are a little bit over $0.05, say, between $0.05 and $0.10. We just talked about the tax benefit, that’s about $0.11 benefit in fiscal 2020, but offsetting that are intangibles of about $0.10 and then the fees and setup costs that are about $0.05, as I mentioned. So those are the different moving pieces there. In essence, that tax benefit is offset by intangibles. They’re basically the same.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That’s helpful colors. Thanks for that. See you all next week.
Blake Moret: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
David Ridley-Lane: Good morning. This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew. What gives you confidence that automotive will be flattish in 2020? And how important are electric vehicles within your automotive trends?
Blake Moret: Yes. So we saw – starting with Q4, we saw some recovery in MRO. We also saw continued spend from some of the projects that we’ve been talking about in internal combustion vehicles where we have line of sight to those projects, and that was a meaningful part of our performance in Q4. But a really bright part of the picture is the continuing importance of electric vehicle drivetrains. And for instance, in Asia, we had some good project activity at OEMs in electric vehicle powertrain, and we expect that to be a larger and larger part of our overall powertrain business going forward as a lot of manufacturers are going straight from internal combustion engines to full EV. It doesn’t look like there’s going to be as much demand as maybe was first thought for hybrid. People are going to total EV. And we’re very well positioned to play in that because it’s less subtractive manufacturing processes, REIT, C&C and metal cutting. It’s a really good fit for our current portfolio, and we’re winning some important competitive business there, and it’s growing fast. It grew strongly in the fourth quarter, and we expect it to continue to grow next year.
David Ridley-Lane: And then just following up on a comment that you had around digital transformation project. I know that a lot of your clients have set up offices and dedicated staff to those. Roughly what portion would you say your sales are driven by OpEx budgets today versus CapEx?
Patrick Goris: Yes, we’ve estimated it. We think about 65% of our sales are mostly driven by CapEx to balance OpEx. And you can think about some of the Information Solutions and Connected Services, some of these sales, we think, will come more out of OpEx budgets than CapEx budgets.
Blake Moret: That’s right. A lot of times, the digital transformation that our customers are going through are on top of existing capital-intensive assets in the field. So the lines are out there, they’ve already got the basic automation in place that came with the original equipment, but now they’re looking to drive additional productivity out of those existing assets. And it can be meaningful double-digit increases and OEE and other metrics of productivity by adding this software to be able to analyze what’s going on, on the line. But often, those expenditures can be made out of OpEx and not CapEx.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you very much.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy from Stephens. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy: Can you hear me?
Blake Moret: We can, Rob. Good morning.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning. Two questions. One that is a little different is can you talk about geography where you’re gaining share because it’s clear from the growth rates we’re seeing abroad that you’re gaining share? And talk about the key verticals where you’re doing that.
Blake Moret: We think, Rob, for a long time, hybrid has been a great place for us. It’s where a lot of manufacturers are going. And so when you think about the trend towards smaller, but continuous process lines in Life Sciences where the control is tightly integrated with the software, that’s an area that we continue to have double-digit performance in because it’s just such a great fit for what we’re doing. In powertrain for electric vehicles, that is another area that I just mentioned that we have a very high readiness to serve. And I’ll tell you that there’s some opportunities around the world where we think that we’re gaining share in some of the installed base that might be a little bit older from competitive systems. So GE, for instance, is an area where we’ve had some nice wins in converting out some of that installed base.
Robert McCarthy: And could you just comment on the share repurchase in the quarter and the average share price that you already have? And just any hints about 2020, aside from the $400 million in share repurchase kind of the state of play on the balance sheet?
Patrick Goris: Yes. Robert, Patrick here. The share repurchase were pretty much the same each quarter of fiscal 2020. I don’t have the average price we paid in the fourth quarter here handy. I think it’s going to come out later today, you’ll see that in the K. In terms of repurchase for next year, again, the $400 million, we expect that to be pretty stable across the fourth quarters.
Robert McCarthy: Congrats on a great quarter. Thanks.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Joe.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Can you maybe just touch on Food and Beverage a little bit more? It switched from being slightly negative last quarter to slightly positive this quarter, and obviously, you’re expecting it to stay positive for next year. So any other color around what’s happening in that end market?
Blake Moret: Sure. Food and beverage, we continue to see some subdued capital spending across Food and Beverage. On the other hand, it’s one of the verticals that we’re seeing particularly high investment across worldwide fleets in IoT. So they’re going in and they’re looking at benchmarking lines across their worldwide operations and finding ways to bring the lower efficient lines up to higher levels of efficiency, and the software being added on top of existing iron is a good way to do it. Also, interestingly, packaging OEMs in Europe picked up a bit for us in the quarter. And while, again, we need to watch how that plays out, that contributed to some of the good performance in Europe and some of the better-than-expected performance in Food and Beverage in general.
Joe Ritchie: All right. Interesting. That’s helpful color, Blake. And maybe just a quick follow-on on Sensia. I know when you guys press released it last month, you referenced roughly $400 million in annual revenue, and now the expectation for 2020 is closer to $230 million to $240 million. What am I – what’s the disconnect between those two numbers? Is the $400 million a longer-term number? Or what’s the difference between the two?
Patrick Goris: Yes, very good question. The way you can think about it is Sensia’s overall revenues are expected to be over $400 million in fiscal 2020. The 4% that we refer to is the part that is contributed by Schlumberger to the joint venture. The part that is contributed by Rockwell Automation is already part of our sales. So that 4% that we call inorganic growth only represents the contribution of Schlumberger.
Blake Moret: Yes. So for the one year – for fiscal 2020 only, it will be the total contribution to the revenue will be split between organic and inorganic.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks guys. See you next week.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Joe.
Jessica Kourakos: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Blake Moret: Hey, Andrew.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks for fitting me in. So Blake, last quarter, you had said that you expect the downturn you’re seeing to last that long. And while several of your peers are talking about a more prolonged downturn, your results were relatively strong with your own expectations. So how at this point are you measuring the weakness you’re seeing out there versus previous downturns? You mentioned you were concerned about pushouts in CapEx. But are you seeing as we push out some projects versus what you expected? Or you’re generally seeing projects move forward albeit slowly?
Blake Moret: Yes. We did not see the same degree of project pushouts in Q4 as we did in Q3. That being said, the macro indicators show deceleration in fiscal 2020, and we need to see more than one quarter of performance to draw a line between those points. So we remain cautious, but obviously, we’re pleased with the better performance in Q4, and again, our ability to compete and win for the business that is out there.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That’s helpful. And I wanted to ask the auto question maybe a different way. You were thinking that auto could be down about 10% for FY 2019, but obviously, up mid-single digit. And auto was a strong result in Q4. We know you’re projecting flat for FY 2020, but are you seeing the core auto markets stabilizing faster than you expected? And could these EV projects that you talked about actually lead to some upside for that flat auto forecast that you have for FY 2020?
Blake Moret: Yes. I think over a longer period of time, there’s absolutely upside with EV as you have all of these companies, the traditional brand owners as well as new companies. And they have to bring vehicles to market to get a revenue stream. So we’re working with them. And all the ones that started a couple of years ago won’t make it to the finish line, but there’s a lot of exciting innovation out there that we’re participating in. We’re not expecting the industry as a whole to turn around. We’re not expecting SAAR counts to jump back up, but stabilization may be an appropriate word there.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks, Blake. See you next week.
Blake Moret: Yes. See you soon.
Patrick Goris: Let me quickly answer the question that Rob had. Rob, in Q4, the average price we paid for our shares was $158. And for full year fiscal 2019, the average share price we paid was $165. So with that, Jessica.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Patrick. I think I’ll turn it now over to Blake for a few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. So just to summarize, fiscal 2019 was a good year. We grew adjusted EPS 7%. We grew our core platforms, and Information Solutions and Connected Services continued to grow double digits. We also made some important investments. With this foundation, we are well positioned for the future, and we look forward to seeing you all in Chicago next week.
Jessica Kourakos: Okay. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jessica Kourakos, Head of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Kourakos please go ahead.
Jessica Kourakos: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Jessica and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before I start, I first want to thank Steve Etzel, who has transitioned from Investor Relations back to his Treasury duties full time. He served as well in the IR role for the last few years. I also want to welcome Jessica Kourakos as our new Head of Investor Relations. Jessica brings a wealth of experience from both the sell side and buy side and we’re excited to have her onboard. With that let me start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. Globally organic sales were up 0.5% lower than we expected. In general, we saw a strong growth in our longer cycle end markets, while shorter cycle end markets weakened. Organic sales growth was led by heavy industries including oil and gas, pulp and paper, and mining as well as Life Sciences, each of which grew double-digits. In oil and gas we saw a strong growth in all regions as our customers are focusing on productivity, improvements and digitization initiatives. Pulp and paper continued to do well for us with most of the growth this quarter coming from North America. Strong growth in mining was driven by CapEx investments in iron ore and copper, electric vehicle related commodities and investments around digitization. Life Sciences was another stand down vertical for us this quarter. Our offerings align well the industry trends including personalized medicine and cyber security. Offsetting the longer cycle growth in the quarter was weakness in shorter cycle end markets including automotive, semiconductor and food and beverage. Automotive was down about 10% year-over-year and slightly up sequentially versus Q2 in-line with our expectations. Semiconductor in the quarter was weaker than expected impacted by an overall slowdown in the global semiconductor market. Food and beverage was down low single digits, although the industry continues to focus on modernization to drive productivity, we saw some project delays. Logics was down 3% organically largely due to automotive weakness. Process control sales grew 3% organically led by strength and longer cycle end markets. Information solutions and connected services continue to do very well from double-digits in the quarter. This is a measure of the new value being delivered to customers in all industries. This business increases recurring revenue streams and includes FactoryTalk InnovationSuite and MES software as well as high value services such as remote monitoring to enhance cyber security and optimized production. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter, North America was about flat organically. Pulp and paper and oil and gas had strong double-digit growth while automotive, semiconductor and food and beverage declined. EMEA was up 2% in the quarter led by Life Sciences, oil and gas and tire. While Asia declined 1%, China grew low single digits. Latin America sales were up 6% led by mining and oil and gas. I’ll make a few additional comments about our Q3 results. Adjusted EPS was up 11% and segment operating margin expanded a 130 basis points year-over-year. The increases in adjusted EPS and segment operating margin included benefit from lower incentive compensation expense. Patrick will elaborate on our third quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let’s move on now to guidance for full year fiscal 2019. We believe that uncertainty with respect to global trade is impacting some customers’ investment decisions, particularly those related to the timing of capital investments. Taking into account our year-to-date results, we now expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up about 1.5% year-over-year. Including the impact of currency translation, we now expect reported sales to be $6.6 billion. We’re reducing the adjusted EPS guidance range to $8.50 to $8.70 which includes aligning spending for the current market environment. As Patrick will discuss in a few minutes, this guidance does not include the impacts of the Sensia joint venture. Before moving on, I want to mention that yesterday, our Board authorized an additional $1 billion for share repurchases. A strong financial position allows us to deploy capital in-line with our priorities, organic growth and organic investments, dividends and share repurchases. Let’s talk a little more about our organic and in-organic investments. Regardless of what is going on in the macro environment, we’re confident that we’re executing well and we see evidence that we’re gaining share and making the right strategic investments to drive profitable growth. Beginning with our core business, we continue to invest in our logics architecture and connected smart products. These enable us to capture a broader set of opportunities across the discrete, hybrid and process end markets. Customers are telling us that our latest generation logics processor outperforms our biggest competitors. It is also the industry’s first certified secure controller adding a whole new level of security on the plant floor. In high performance motion control utilizing our highly differentiated independent cart technology, we work with [CUCA] to secure our multimillion dollar order in Q3 from a large global automotive manufacturer. In European competitors that lack this capability. We’re also increasing our penetration within process oriented end markets like oil and gas which continues to show strong growth for us and is the largest automation market. We’re going after this market organically by building up our process capabilities both within logics and our FactoryTalk analytics platform as well as inorganically through our Sensia joint venture with Schlumberger. The new value from information solutions and connected services is another way to win across all industries. We’re already seeing this acceleration in markets like Life Sciences where we’ve grown strong double-digits over the last two years and are gaining significant market share. Our differentiation in PharmaSuite, MES, cyber security and FactoryTalk analytics have resulted in many recent deals going our way including a recent win with a very large medical device company against the traditionally strong process competitor where our offering was seen as the best technology to increase overall equipment effectiveness. Our analytics and MES differentiation also drove a key automotive win in Asia where our software will be used on top of a competitive control platform. We won because our solution was more reliable, we had deeper domain expertise and our digital roadmap was better. EMEA and Asia are highly strategic regions for us and we plan to invest both organically and inorganically to strengthen our reach. These and other wins give us confidence that no one is better positioned to benefit from the global convergence of IT and OT than we are and we’re actively directing spending in our operations and to the capital deployment to the areas of highest return to make that happen. We look forward to speaking in greater detail about these initiatives at our upcoming Investor Day in November. Now I’ll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q3 results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I’ll start on slide 4 which provides our key financial information for the third quarter. As Blake mentioned, sales slowed down in Q3 with reported sales down 2%. Organic growth of 0.5% was weaker than expected and currency translation reduced sales by 2.5%. Segment operating margin was 23.8% expanding a 130 basis points compared to the last year. The increase in segment margin was mainly due to lower incentive compensation expense partially offset by higher investment spending. Our incentive compensation plan reflects our strong paper performance culture and track record. We have a companywide incentive plan that covers most of our employees globally with bonus earned being very aligned with financial performance of the company. To reflect the revised outlook for full year fiscal 2019 financial performance, we lowered our estimates for bonus expense. The total adjustment booked in the third quarter was about $30 million which represents about a 170 basis point to segment margin. About two-thirds of the $30 million is booked in the Control Product and Solutions segment, the balance in the architecture and software segment and general corporate net. Looking at our performance through the first three quarters of the fiscal year, segment operating margin is 22.7% at 80 basis points year-over-year. Earnings conversion ex-currency is 35% and adjusted EPS is up 11%. General corporate net expense in the quarter of $24 million was down $9 million compared to last year mainly as a result of lower functional expenses including lower incentive compensation expense. Adjusted EPS of $2.40 was up 11% compared to the third quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is mainly the result of lower incentive compensation expense, higher organic sales and the lower share count partially offset by higher net interest expense. The lower tax rate also contributed to the increased year-over-year adjusted EPS. Free cash flow performance was $323 million in the quarter or a 114% of adjusted income, a few additional items that are not shown on the slide. With respect to tariffs, the net impact on financial results in the quarter and through three quarters is neutral with the higher cost being mitigated through combination of supply chain actions, negotiations with vendors and targeted price increases on effective products. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $118.6 million, down $7.2 million or about 6% from last year. We repurchased 1.5 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $246.3 million. Through June 30, we are on pace to get to our $1 billion full-year target for share repurchases. At June 30, we had $333 million remaining under our previous share repurchase authorization. As Blake mentioned, our Board has approved an additional $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Slide 5 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the architecture and software segment. With a 1.9% organic sales decline, this segment had a weaker organic growth performance compared to the company average as it generally is overweighed on shorter cycle end markets and does not include any of our solutions and services business. For the quarter, segment margin decreased 60 basis points to year-over-year and remains about 30%. A margin tailwind from lower incentive compensation is more than offset by the impact of lower sales and higher investment spending. Moving on to slide 6, Control Products and Solutions. This segment had 2.7% organic growth in the quarter. The product businesses in this segment declined about 2.5% year-over-year similar to the architecture and software segment. While the solutions and services businesses in this segment grew about 6% organically. Operating margin for this segment increased 320 basis points compared to Q3 last year primarily due to lower incentive compensation and high organic sales partially offset by higher investment spending. Book-to-build performance for our solutions and services businesses in this segment was 0.98 in Q3, reflecting an increase in project delays. The next slide at 7 provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this in his remarks. So I'll move on to slide 8, guidance. As Blake mentioned, we are reducing our full-year expected organic sales growth guidance to about 1.5%. This implies a Q4 organic sales decline of about 3% to 3.5%. We now project fiscal 2019 sales of about $6.6 billion. We continue to expect strong segment margin of about 22%. General corporate net expense is expected to be $95 million to $100 million for the full year similar to our April guidance. We believe the full-year adjusted effective tax rate will now be about 18.5%, 0.5 point lower than our April guidance and mainly as a result of favorable discrete tax items and a change in a geographic mix in global pre-tax income. We continue to target $1 billion in share repurchases and we now expect averaged fully diluted shares outstanding to be about 119.3 million for fiscal 2019. We are revising our adjusted EPS guidance range to $8.50 to $8.70. At the midpoint this is a $0.40 decrease compared to our April guidance. Our updated range reflects the impact of lower organic sales growth partially offset by additional spend reductions, lower incentive compensation expense and a somewhat lower tax rate. Compared to fiscal 2018, the full year midpoint represents the 6% adjusted EPS growth on slightly lower reported sales and we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. Before I turn it over to Jessica, I'll make some comments about Sensia. We are waiting for some customary regulatory approvals and continue to expect Sensia to close this calendar year. No impact associated with Sensia is included in our current guidance. Assuming the transaction closes this fiscal year and including an associated tax benefit, we now expect the adjusted EPS impact to fiscal 2019 to be about neutral. With that Jessica?
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks Patrick. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Good morning everybody.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
John Inch: The down 3% core growth for the fourth quarter, are you guys assuming that this is just a function of projects being further pushed out or are you actually assuming there's embedded deterioration, say in both distribution and projects in terms of the cadence?
Blake Moret: So looking at the different industries John, we're expecting that for the full year that automotive overall is going to be down about 10%. We see some sequential improvement as we had seen some purchases beginning in some of the projects that we've been tracking, but we're still looking at about 10% for the full year. I think the stories in Q3 that inform our outlook for Q4 are that in the quarter while automotive performed about as expected, we did see weaker than expected performance in the areas like semiconductor, food and beverage weekend a little bit and then chemicals, power; some of those areas. So those weaker than expected performances in Q3 inform the outlook implied with Q4.
John Inch: I think like you had talked about, you'd thought -- there going to be some automotive turnaround projects or model changes coming through in the second half, is that still part of the calendar year, is that still part of the expectation or does that look like in deferred as well?
Blake Moret: No, actually purchasing has started on a lot of those projects that we were tracking. The ones that we've been talking about that included some line-of-sight we've seen early purchases there. So we won the ones that we expected to plus a little bit more. It's just not clear whether the majority of the volume from those purchases is going to happen in Q4 around into 2020.
John Inch: Just lastly China stepped down a little bit. It's still pretty decent given the overall sort of macro, but is there any color you could give us viz-a-viz end markets in China say heavy industry, infrastructure, auto, consumers and stuff like that?
Blake Moret: Sure. We've talked previously about the impact of some of the stimulus in China and we saw it again in Q3. So mass transit, wastewater which would be most impacted by government stimulus, those were strong performers for us in China in the quarter.
John Inch: And was anything incrementally weaker that you would call out?
Blake Moret: Auto was a little bit weaker in China in the quarter. We had some wins in different areas and we'll talk about that when we talk about our information solutions and connected services, but overall auto in China weakened.
John Inch: Got it, thanks for the color.
Blake Moret: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just give us a little bit of color as to your guiding for organic sales to dip into the September quarter. How does this environment feel today compared with when you've gone into other sales downturns in the past? And you taking much mitigating action on the assumption that this sales decline could last several quarters if it's consistent with history?
Blake Moret: Yes Julian, we haven't assumed that this is the beginning of something that's going to last multiple quarters. What we've also seen historically is even during continued periods of expansion, we have seen times where that growth has leveled off for a quarter or two. However, we have taken cost reduction measures and you saw the impact of that in Q3 and we're actively looking at other ways both to match our spend with market conditions as well as take the opportunity to more rapidly reinvest and look at ways to direct resources to the areas that are going to be most important in the future. So we have taken cost reductions. We're looking at areas that would be opportunities going forward and we're watching the development of this quarter Q4 very closely.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you very much. And then my quick follow-up would just be around the process business. I think your revenue growth in that slowed to about 3%, you've been running at 10% growth in the March quarter. Should we assume that also dips into negative year-on-year territory in the September quarter? And any color associated with that on the backlog in solutions and services?
Blake Moret: Yes. So solutions and services backlog remains slightly up year-over-year and we do continue to see growth in some of the key areas driving process such as oil and gas and mining. Some of the project delays that we saw in Q3 impact process, I would say the project delays that we saw were split between the longer cycle that typically makes up most of those projects, but it was also colored by a fairly significant portion of delays in shorter cycle businesses as well.
Julian Mitchell: Fantastic, thank you very much.
Blake Moret: Thanks Julian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thank you, good morning everyone.
Blake Moret: Good morning Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Blake, could you maybe just talk about any discernible trends that you saw as the quarter progressed, for example, we've been hearing from a lot of companies that June had turned out to be worse than expected and so anything on the trends that you can tell us about?
Blake Moret: Yes. But not that actually for us April and May were weak and June got a little better sequentially. So in the quarter we saw it finish a little bit stronger.
Joe Ritchie: Were there any specific end markets that were driving that?
Blake Moret: I can't pick any in particular except perhaps chemical may have followed that a bit where it started the quarter out to a weaker and obviously since chemical is kind of sits a bit in the middle in terms of the applications that we play in, we watch that fairly closely and that started to improve a bit as the quarter went on. I would make the other comment that for our quarter it doesn't progress in a linear fashion. So the last month the quarter is always the strongest and so we can't extrapolate the way that a quarter has started out and just run it out and make predictions about the full quarter.
Joe Ritchie: And then maybe my follow-on question there is on just looking at the CP&S margins, clearly really strong and you guys called out incentive comp as a big driver. Was there anything else that impacted the margins favorably this quarter and then how should we be thinking, I know that you're stepping down incentive comp as well in 4Q. But what should we be thinking about it like a normalized number I guess from an incentive comp standpoint on the go forward?
Patrick Goris: Joe, Patrick here. So with respect to CP&S segment margin, the largest part of the year-over-year increase is related to incentive compensation. The segment of course had some organic growth in the quarter, which helped as well and then currency was just a slight tailwind less than 0.5 point of margin for that segment. In terms of incentive compensation, the way that you can think about it is a fully funded incentive compensation plan for Rockwell Automation is about a $100 million and the current guidance for fiscal 2019 is about 60% of that.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, thank you both.
Blake Moret: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi guys good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa:  I just wanted to talk about the food and beverage is kind of a broad way to characterize that end market kind of vertical. Does that include some of the packaging machinery types of guys that are out there? Is it like a lot of the machine tool like the bottling guys and that kind of stuff or is it more enterprise business with the crafts set of worlds and things like that. Can you maybe just kind of like break out the food and beverage dynamics a little more?
Blake Moret: Sure. So food and beverage includes both. So it certainly includes the global end users. So the crafts and the Mondelez, Nestle that would be an example of a few of those AVI. It also includes the packaging, the machine rebuilder. So, you're looking at the packaging OEMs around the world, that's a fair part of our business in Europe for instance as well as in the U.S. and it includes that part of the business as well. They both worked together and we have a strong focus at both ends of it; what kind of performance we can provide to the machine rebuilders as well as how it works together in an integrated system at the user.
Steve Tusa: But I guess, when you talk about the performance this quarter kind of exiting the year. I guess just simply, how is the how the OEM business do, I know you guys kind of characterize the OEM business and within that this kind of packaging food and beverage the vertical where I think you served a lot of these small and medium size machine builder so well. How did that business do?
Blake Moret: Yes. So Steve, the way you can think about it, our global OEM business was down about mid-single digits and within that packaging was down high-single digits in the quarter.
Steve Tusa: And how fast did that grow in '18?
Blake Moret: Probably in mid-single digits because consumer was adopting it this last year.
Steve Tusa: Yes, okay, that's great.
Blake Moret: That's from me.
Steve Tusa: Thanks as always for the color, I appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just two from me, actually. Just thinking about food and beverage also being kind of broadly consumer oriented. I'm wondering if you could speak to anything else that you're seeing in consumer related markets whether those happen to kind of track in line with the segment averages?
Blake Moret: Sure. I'll make a couple of comments and then Patrick here might have some more. When we talk about consumer broadly, we think of three areas underneath that typically. So, food and beverage, its home and personal care so I think of tissue and so on and then Life Sciences. Food and beverage and home and personal care performed roughly similarly and I think our outlook is similar. But Life Sciences is really the stand down in terms of strong double-digit growth.
Patrick Goris: Yes, so within consumer, Jeff, as Blake mentioned Life Science is good double-digit growth, home and personal care up mid-single digits in the quarter and so it's really food and beverage which represents about 20 points out of the 30 of consumer which is dragging down our performance in consumer.
Jeff Sprague: Right, thank you for that. And just on the comp expense, so it sounds like Q3 you have a year-to-date true up, there's another $10 million in Q4. My question would just be then on kind of the investment spend. Those investment spend on a year-over-year basis actually increase or decrease, could you give us a little bit of color on that?
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about our investment spending and we exclude incentive compensation for that metric. In our current guidance, our investment spending grows about 2% year-over-year; a little less than that so a little bit more than our revised organic growth rate for the full-year. In Q4, we expect it to be down year-over-year.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you.
Blake Moret: And at the same time, I would say that where we are making adjustments in spending is more on discretionary items, not on the R&D side. For example, in Q3, R&D was full-up 8% year-over-year.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, thank you very much.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman from Baird. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. Blake, could you just speak for a minute or two to the book-to-bill at .98 that's significantly less than the seasonal book-to-bill would suggest it should be. I presume a lot of that is in heavy industries and I'm curious you referenced project delays impacting the book-to-bill but you line a sight on those projects in other words they weren’t booked in the quarter but you have a healthier view of the line of sight and projects that are out there. Is that how we kind of interpret your comments?
Blake Moret: I'd say, we continue to have good visibility to those projects that didn’t close in the quarter. And as we look at the reasons why, the obvious question is this just a precursor to the them getting pushed out further or cancelled or with their unique plausible reasons why they didn’t go in the quarter but they could come back in the near future including some in Q4. And the latter was our based on our review, that was the sense of the majority of those that they were delays but they were unique plausible reasons in each case that cause them to push out in the quarter and not necessarily being gone. I mentioned before that there's a little higher component in those project delays of the shorter cycle businesses. So, think of it this way the percentage of delays of shorter cycle business in that book-to-bill was higher than the total bookings of the solutions in services business.
Richard Eastman: So, again you're feeling as we track into the first half of fiscal '20 is that some of this could drop in higher percent short cycle. It doesn't necessarily mean that again your caution, you're cautious but it doesn't necessarily mean that you're planning on a first half of '20, fiscal '20 that is down.
Blake Moret: That's right.
Richard Eastman: And just -- yes, okay.
Blake Moret: And why would it?
Richard Eastman: Okay.
Blake Moret: And while we don’t wait for November to give the guidance, we're watching Q4, but our front log our quoting activity remains healthy.
Richard Eastman: Okay, that's what I was getting in, okay. And just one last one, could you just define or Patrick could you give us kind of a pricing number here, is it just gross priced capture in the quarter?
Patrick Goris: We're at about 1.5% price realization, good three quarters and for Q3 about the same. It's about 1.5% which includes, Ric, the price we get associated with the tariffs. And so, you may recall that we implement a targeted price increases on products impacted or effected by the tariffs.
Richard Eastman: Yes.
Patrick Goris: And so, the price realization this year 1.5% is a little bit larger than prior years but includes the price associated with the tariffs actions.
Richard Eastman: And that's not a surcharge, correct, or is it? In other words, will that come off part of it?
Patrick Goris: Yes. The intention whether the price increase was to neutralize the impact of tariffs, so not to make money out of that. And so, the expectation is that if tariffs would be eliminated that at some point those price increases would also be adjusted. And the object being to neutralize the impact of tariffs.
Richard Eastman: Got you. Okay great, thanks again for the questions.
Patrick Goris: Thanks, Ric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. Put a little color as always. I got to say I'm starting to get to the to your 4Q EPS guidance at the low-end the range and the only way I could get that would be is at A&S significantly weaker than the 3% to 4% organic year-over-year you point to for 4Q. Is that how you're thinking that A&S could be down mid-to-high single digits, organic with CP&S probably flat? So, is that sort of how you're building up 4Q?
Patrick Goris: Nigel, to get to the low end of our current guidance, that's not an unreasonable way to look at it.
Nigel Coe: Okay. So, there actually that'd be accurate. And I think Blake you mentioned so down quarter is not unusual within the context of the upcycle and you said you saw that in FY'16. Are we in that sort of situation where we have several quarter of negative growth cycle through before we get back to growth. So, or do you think that that's something here like snap us back to growth quicker. I appreciate your thoughts there.
Blake Moret: Well, as we talked about, the continued uncertainty that we've been mentioning for quite a while, we think it is impacting investment decisions at this point. And so, a reduction of that uncertainty some stability in the outlook would certainly help. In terms of the fourth quarter, it would have to be in short cycle business, right. So, some improvement in longer cycle outlook might impact orders but it would take a while for that to flush on as revenue and profits. In terms of the duration of what we're seeing currently, again we're going to be looking very closely at the development of the quarter, we're going to be looking at the macro progress on trade, would certainly help but we're not counting on that at all.
Nigel Coe: And just touching that your that last points. Channel clearance would be a factor that might snap things back quicker. Can you just maybe comment on within A&S how you're selling this all through sales and tracking right now?
Blake Moret: State, say again, Nigel, please?
Nigel Coe: I'm just curious if you're seeing any I guess make a question a little bit clearer, are you seeing inventory headwinds in your A&S channels?
Blake Moret: No. we as you may know we have really good visibility into what our distributors carry of our product, that's particularly the case in North America. Inventory changes have not been a material impact to our results including whether it's A&S or the other segments on the product side.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Blake Moret: Yes. We are closely aligned, we're closely involved with our distributors as they replenish inventory and there's nothing different that's being done there.
Nigel Coe: Okay gents, thank you very much.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy from Stephens. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Blake Moret: We can.
Patrick Goris: We can.
Blake Moret: Hi, Rob. How are you doing, is there any --.
Robert McCarthy: Yes. I guess the first question is just expanding on some of the questions around fiscal '20 and I know you don’t want to give guidance for fiscal '20 as much as we're going to try. Could you just talk about maybe the compares across auto and some of your other businesses where you might think that you kind of you could get closer to bottom here and how do we think about -- how do we just think about some of as we step into '20, some of the comparisons where you feel better versus more limited visibility: better versus worse?
Blake Moret: So, let's start with auto. I mentioned we saw a little bit of sequential growth and importantly the results were stable with our expectations, which what would give us more concerns is if projects that we've been talking about through the year went away. That's not what happened and in fact we're starting to see a little bit of purchases associated with those the EV companies while we continue to see that as a relatively small of our overall business, they're going to bring vehicles to market and they're going to need automation to do it competitively and we continue to be highly engaged there as well as we're traditional vehicles as I look at new models and maybe places to build them. So, we see that continuing and as I mentioned before, the front log is fairly healthy. For other longer cycle businesses where we would have visibility that might go on across multiple quarters; things like oil and gas and mining, there continues to be good activity there and you saw that reflected in our current results. And so, through the fiscal year, we don’t see changes there. The shorter cycle business, of course it's more difficult to look at the outlook and we'll have more details on what our view is informed by the quarter in November.
Robert McCarthy: Okay, that's helpful. And I rather light a candle than curse the darkness. So, why don’t we talk about the continued strong double digit growth that information and solution for the connected services. And it looks like PTC last night while having a challenging quarter in the relationship with you actually have a pretty decent quarter. Maybe we could talk about the metrics and key wins there and how you're feeling about that collaboration?
Blake Moret: Happy to and glad to see you're lighting a candle, Rob. It's been good and we are probably a little more excited even about the relationship then we started a year ago on this journey. So, we continue to see good wins come in across industries and across geographies. There was a wind and PTC talked about it last night with Euphoria [indiscernible] a big tire company in Korea. We like Euphoria because it's a differentiator. Very few of our competitors have any sort of augmented reality offering and we're selling it in somewhere around a third of our FactoryTalk InnovationSuite wins currently. We continue to see wins in Life Sciences. I talked about the double-digit growth there and the combination of our basic control in Life Sciences. The software that we have had for sometime specifically MES plus the new FactoryTalk analytics that were brought to market, the PTC offerings really puts us in an open field in an industry that continues to grow very strong. So I'm happy with it. We're going to talk, and one last comment, we're going to talk a lot more in November about the comprehensive things that we're doing as an organization to accelerate our move to more recurring revenue streams and more proficiency in managing a growing software component of our overall business. It's certainly not just sales it's about our business model. It's about our IT infrastructure and we're going to talk a lot about that in November.
Robert McCarthy: Well, I'll leave it with this, you think you won something would [indiscernible] I don't think they believe in this, the IT of the PLC so I think that's a very notable win for you.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Deepa Raghavan: Two questions for me. First, can you please update us on your regional growth outlook and just talk about how your views have changed into quarter based on what you're seeing across region?
Blake Moret: So, we continue to see Latin America as providing growth in the year. We also see EMEA for the full year of seeing growth in the low single digits. In Q3, North America and Asia were the regions that were a little weaker than we expected.
Patrick Goris: Yes the way you can think about it Deepa is, for our current guidance for the full year all regions are a little bit lower than the prior guidance. North America went from mid single digits, a little bit below the company average to low single digits. So did EMEA and Asia and Latin America is still teens, it's still about 10% rather than the mid teens that we were expecting before. So our outlook in every other region has come down a bit.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it, thanks for the color. Follow-up from me, Blake you talked about short cycle weakness a few times now. What are some of the conversations you're having with your client in those markets with regards to what the trepidation is or what their recover expectations are and curious if you are surprised based on your discussions, if you're surprised by the duration or magnitude of the current weakness? Thank you.
Blake Moret: Sure. I think in some part we're seeing the continued certainty over trade and tariffs that is starting to weigh on investment decisions particularly around capital. We see these customers even short cycle businesses that are continuing to look the ways to improve productivity on top of their basic production and I think that's part of what's contributing to the continued strong growth of information solutions and connected services. But in terms of capital, as these customers weigh the prospects for near-term demand on those shorter cycle products that's what we're seeing and again as we went through and looked project-by-project at the delays, the reasons that are being given are specific and plausible as opposed to some general precursor to further push outs and cancellations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew [indiscernible] from Citi. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. It's Vladimir Bystricky again for Andrew.
Blake Moret: Good morning Vlad.
Unidentified Analyst: So, just following up on that last question on delays and your comment that they're specific and plausible drivers of the delays versus not necessarily precursor to more push up to cancellations. I guess what are you hearing from your customers in the context of tariffs and uncertainty that gives you confidence that these are sort of transitory delays versus something that could linger and be more widespread?
Blake Moret: I think these companies are doing things similar to what we did and continue to look at coming into the year. They are looking at restacking their supply chains to deal with the information we have in terms of tariffs. And so, there is a movement of where products are being built, who are the sub-suppliers of those various products as people are trying to get to where we are and that is to neutralize the impact of those tariffs on their cost inputs. And so that's a lot of work. These things, the decisions aren't made overnight and so being able to react to the current environment by doing in a way that won't have to be undone in some short-term off time horizon that's the kind of uncertainty that we're talking about that we've dealt with and that our customers are dealing with.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. And then, just if I could shift to CP&S for a minute. You talked, I think you said solutions and services within the business was up 6% organic in the quarter. Obviously you guys have had some very good momentum there. So can you remind us one help big that business is within CP&S and also just your visibility to continued mid-single digit growth there?
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about Vlad is, within control products and solutions, the solutions and services business is about two-thirds of that segment.
Blake Moret: And I think, just to peel it back a little bit further so that includes the longer cycle projects for us, the average duration of some of the oil and gas projects for instance might be five or six months from the time we get the order to the time that we ship it. It also includes the services which would include that say shorter cycle repair operations things that track product businesses, but also importantly the growing connected services portion of that as well that often attends those projects things like remote monitoring, network consultation and things like that. So it's a mix of those defined scope projects as well as high-value services and then also the engineer to order business, so motor control centers and things like that. All of that contributes to that two-thirds number that Patrick gave of the overall CP&S segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. I will hop back in queue.
Jessica Kourakos: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: So I just want to dig into 4Q organic a little bit more. So you said that things actually got a little bit better in June sequentially. I guess does July corroborate that 3% to 3.5% organic decline? Could there be some conservatives baked into that? I'm just having a hard time understanding why things get so much worse in the fourth quarter given the 3Q organic trend and the comment that you made about the quarterly progression?
Blake Moret: Yes. Nicole I will make a comment and then Patrick might want to add as well. As much as we would like to be able to extrapolate out performance through the quarter that we're reporting on and then take a peek at the first days of the next quarter. We can't apply a linear correlation to that. As I mentioned before, June is the strongest quarter. Typically we were encouraged as we looked at the development of Q3, but we can't draw conclusions that inform our outlook based on that and looking at the early July performance that helps inform the outlook. It's one of the factors that we take into account as we look at Q4, but we just can't draw a straight line with it.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it, Blake that's helpful, thanks. And then, just a clarification question on the investment spending. So Patrick, I know you said up a little bit less than 2% for the full year. Just in dollar terms can you clarify I think previously you were saying up 50 million to 55 million for the full year. What does that mean in dollar terms versus the prior guidance that it's on a clear apples-to-apples basis?
Patrick Goris: About 35 to 40 now.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it, thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thanks Nicole.
Operator: There are no further questions. I’ll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Blake Moret: So just to summarize, the quarter saw a sharp difference in performance between shorter cycle business and longer cycle project-oriented business. I'm happy with how the market is embracing the Rockwell offerings that add innovation and new expertise to help our customers be more productive. This is important regardless of the macro environment. We also continue to look for ways to be more productive in our own operations by using all of our strengths and directing resources to the initiatives that best accelerate our strategy. That begins with our highly engaged employees and partners who have committed to their roles in this journey. They bring the connected enterprise to life every day at our customers and in our own operations and I thank them all.
Jessica Kourakos: That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel please go ahead.
Steve Etzel: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. Our results for the quarter reflect profitable growth in all regions led by strong process industry performance. We saw accelerating growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services reflecting adoption of the Connected Enterprise. Our growth was tempered by weaker than expected automotive sales which were down about 20% year-over-year. This impacted our product sales in the quarter, particularly in North America. In this region, we saw a strong product growth in January. February was weak with orders picking up in late March. Globally, organic sales were up 3.6%. From a vertical perspective, growth was once again led by Heavy Industries which grew high-single-digits and Consumer which grew mid-single-digits. Heavy Industries' growth was led by oil and gas, pulp and paper, and mining. Oil and gas grew double-digits. In Consumer, Life Sciences was very strong. I already mentioned Automotive, but within Transportation, Tire grew nicely up double-digits. Our KPI for process sales grew 10% organically. The weakness in automotive drove the 2% decline in logics. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter. North America, which for us is the combination of the U.S. and Canada, grew 2% organically. While Automotive weakness significantly impacted the overall growth rate for this region, growth was broad-based across a wide range of industries. In pulp and paper, we won a significant process and power control order this quarter with Green Bay Packaging. EMEA was up over 5% in the quarter led by Consumer and Tire. Asia grew about 4% led by Heavy Industries and Automotive. China grew 6.5%. Latin America sales were up 13% led by Heavy Industries. I'll make a few additional comments about our Q2 results. Adjusted EPS was up 8% and segment operating margin expanded 40 basis points year-over-year. Book-to-bill performance for our Solutions and Services businesses was 1.09 in Q2. Backlog remains high. Patrick will elaborate on our second quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on now to guidance for full year fiscal 2019. Forecast continue to call for industrial production growth. We continue to see broad-based growth with strong financial performance. However, given the weakness in Automotive, we are reducing the high end of our guidance range for organic sales growth and adjusted EPS. We expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up 4.5% year-over-year at mid-oint of guidance. Currency is now expected to reduce growth by two percentage points. Including the revised impact of currency, our fiscal 2019 guidance is sales of about $6.8 billion. Mid-point of the updated adjusted EPS guidance range is now $9 compared to $9.05 in previous guidance. As Patrick will discuss in a few minutes, this guidance does not include the impacts of the Sensia joint venture. Moving onto slide four. I'll provide an update on two recent strategic investments to increase long-term value for our customers and share owners. Our strategic partnership with PTC is progressing well. We're winning profitable new business across all focus industries and geographies and some of our engagements are expanding to multisite rollouts. Even in Automotive where overall spending is down, customers are excited about our FactoryTalk InnovationSuite. Recently, Ford decided to expand this new offering to additional locations. Another customer, ECARX, an affiliate of Geely Auto Group, chose the FactoryTalk InnovationSuite to improve production management and quality. In Consumer, Rockwell Automation is partnering with Stanley Black & Decker to bring the Connected Enterprise to life through their Manufactory 4.0 digital manufacturing division. As shown on the right side of this slide, in February, we announced that we will be forming the Sensia joint venture with Schlumberger, creating the oil and gas industry's first fully integrated automation solutions provider for the digital oilfield. The announcement has been well received by target customers. Activities to form the joint venture are well underway. Now, I'll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q2 results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I will start on slide five, key financial information second quarter. Reported sales in the quarter were about flat year-over-year, with 3.6% organic growth mostly offset by currency translation of 3.2%. Organic growth was lower than we expected, driven by weaker automotive sales in North America. Segment operating margin remained strong at 21.3% and was up 40 basis points compared to last year. A margin tailwind from organic growth was partially offset by higher investment spend. General corporate net expense of $27 million was up $2 million compared to last year. Adjusted EPS of $2.04 was up $0.15 compared to the second quarter of last year, an increase of 8%. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is primarily due to the benefit of higher sales and lower share count, partially offset by higher investment spending and higher net interest expense. Free cash flow was $105 million in the quarter, about 45% conversion and weaker than normal for us in Q2. There are several elements that contributed to this. First, our tax payments are overweight to the first half this year and specifically in Q2. We paid about half of what we expect to pay for the full year in Q2, including the first installment on the repatriation tax that is owed as a result of Tax Reform. Overall, tax payments were about $140 million in the quarter, about $65 million higher compared to Q2 last year. Second, we issued $1 billion of long-term debt in the quarter. In advance of this transaction, we entered into interest rate hedges. We closed out the hedges at the time we issued debt which resulted in us paying about $36 million to settle the hedges. Even though this relates to the debt financing and this amount gets amortized to interest expense over the length of the debt term, this payment gets reported as an operating cash outflow, which reduced free cash flow in the quarter. Working capital was another factor particularly inventory. We've talked in the past about activities related to our supply chain, including some manufacturing re-foot printing in Europe and the relocation of our U.S. distribution center. We have built safety stock to facilitate these activities and we expect to reduce this inventory by fiscal year-end. I will talk about full year free cash flow when I discuss guidance. A few additional items to cover not shown on the slide. For adjusted EPS, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 120 million, down 8.5 million or about 6.5% from last year. We repurchased about 1.4 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $236 million. Through March 31st, repurchases amount to $529 million and are slightly ahead of pace to get to a $1 billion full year target. At March 31st, we had $580 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. Slide 6 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Architecture & Software segment. Year-over-year sales declined 2.2% in this segment. Organic sales were up 1.2% year-over-year. Acquisitions added one-tenth of a point currency translation decreased sales by 3.5%. For the quarter, segment margin contracted 30 basis points year-over-year, yet remains very strong at 28.4%. Moving on to slide 7, Control Products & Solutions. Reported sales were up 2.5% for the segment, organic sales growth was 5.7%, currency translation reduced sales by 3.2%. Growth in our Solutions and Services businesses in this segment was strong at over 8%. The Product businesses in this segment were up about 2% on an organic basis. Operating margin for the segment was up 140 basis points compared to Q2 last year, primarily due to higher sales largely offset by higher investment spending. The next slide 8 provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this slide in his remarks, so I'll just mentioned that growth was broad-based across geographies. Also, we saw a good growth in emerging markets, which were up high-single digits compared to last year. This takes us to slide 9 guidance. Before I cover what is on the slide, I will make some comments about Sensia the JV that we and Schlumberger announced in February this year. JV formation activities are underway and regulatory approvals are pending. As Blake mentioned, the impact on our financial statement is dependent on timing of close, and we have therefore not included the estimated impact of Sensia in our fiscal 2019 guidance. Assuming a close by the end of our fiscal year September 30, we continue to estimate a $0.05 EPS headwind for fiscal 2019. With that, let me move to guidance. We now project sales of about $6.8 billion for full year fiscal 2019. We reduced the high end of our organic growth range to reflect continued expected weakness in Automotive. Our organic sales growth range is now 3.7% to 5.3% with the midpoint of 4.5%. Currency translation is now expected to be about at two point headwind. We continue to expect segment operating margin of about 22%. Our adjusted effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 is now about 19% compared to 19.5% in our January guidance. We're also lowering the upper end of our adjusted EPS guidance range. Our new range is $8.85 to $9.15. Compared to prior guidance, volume and mix headwinds are partially offset by reduced spending, and the benefit from the lower tax rate. We are assuming 119.5 million average diluted shares outstanding for fiscal 2019. With respect to tariffs, we remain on track to neutralize the incremental costs through supply chain changes and negotiations with vendors, as well as targeted price increases on affected products. We continue to project free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. General corporate-net is now projected to be about $95 million to $100 million. As a reminder, general corporate-net now excludes interest income. Net interest expense for fiscal 2019 is expected to amount to about $90 million, consistent with our January guidance. In short, we expect another year of strong financial performance. Our updated guidance at the midpoint projects 11% adjusted EPS growth on 4.5% organic sales growth and the year-over-year increase in operating margin of about 0.5 point. With that, I'll hand it back over to Steve.
Steve Etzel: Thank you. Before we start the Q&A, I just wanted to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator let's take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. And your first question here comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Q – Scott Davis: Hey good morning guys.
A – Blake Moret: Good morning.
A – Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Q – Scott Davis: I can't remember a quarter where process was in that double digit, but everything else was a little bit slower. And help -- I know your business is lumpy, so quarter-to-quarter sometimes isn't the best way to look at things. But help us understand really the CapEx versus OpEx that you're seeing out there and maybe the type of visibility that you see on projects of various sizes.
A – Blake Moret: So continuing the theme that we've talked about in the past few quarters, Heavy Industries continues to be strong and Heavy Industries are biased towards process application. So we had a really strong quarter in oil and gas. Mining continues strong due in part to high backlog that we entered the year with. And within those, we're seeing a mix of both capital projects as well as ongoing small projects and servicing the installed base. I mention as well in my prepared remarks, I've talked about Information Solutions and Connected Services growth accelerating and there was a fair part of that that was in process industries. So for instance, we received our largest ever MES order at the European Pharma Company Lonza and that is encouraging because it's new value in these process applications.
Q – Scott Davis: No that's helpful. And maybe this is a little bit picky again, but in auto, I mean we know auto sales are relatively weak, but is there any visibility on Auto CapEx coming back? I mean I know there is -- seem to be a crap ton of EV launches coming in the next two years and just help us understand the cadence of when that spend may start to really kick in?
A – Blake Moret: Yes. We're already seeing the very front end of what we do expect to be increased spend for CapEx in EV. It's still a small part of our overall total in Auto, but EV is set to double this year for us. It's just that it's -- we'll see some of that in the balance of this fiscal year and then we do see continued increases into '20. I think within the given CapEx spending for the general auto market, the capacity and the model changes have to contend with spending at the brand owners for investment in EV and autonomous vehicles. So they're new contenders for that CapEx spend regardless of the size of it.
Q – Scott Davis: Okay. That’s helpful Blake. Good luck. Thank you.
A – Blake Moret: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Q – Steve Tusa: Hey guys. Good morning.
A – Blake Moret: Good morning Steve.
Q – Steve Tusa: What are you seeing over in China? And how do we kind of read or maybe link what's going on with some of the robotics guys and some of the Japanese suppliers in there to kind of what's happening in your business? So I know that there's definitely capacity being added, but a bit of slowing in that end market. I know you guys don't do anything kind of directly for the robot, but like, how do we kind of reconcile what you guys are seeing versus what you're seeing from those customers?
A – Blake Moret: So we did have a reasonably strong quarter in China with 6.5% growth. That included a growth in automotive. And I think one of the reasons for that is China, the percentage of investment in EV is probably a little bit ahead in some of the other markets. And as we've talked about, we have a really good readiness to serve in the EV portion of the auto market. So I think that was part of it. We've also heard that some of the stimulus spending in China has helped prompt growth in metro and water projects and those are both good industries for us as well.
Steve Tusa: So how much do you think EV for you guys? How much was Auto in China up? And then how much of -- how much was EV if you can break that up at all? And then also from order timing perspective, would they order all like the robots first and then order your stuff? Or does it all come at the same time?
Blake Moret: So Auto was up mid-single digits in China for us. I don't know the split of EV versus traditional internal combustion projects other than to say it would be a higher weighting towards EV than in other parts of the world. And then in terms of the spend in the cycle for robotics, a lot of it has to do when our orders are released to the tooling suppliers and then when they decide to enter the orders to us, but I don't know that there's going to be a strict sequence when the robot orders are placed and when orders are placed for our products.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the color.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch with Gordon Haskett. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
Blake Moret: Good morning, John.
John Inch: Good morning, guys. So the down 20% in Auto, is that the new run rate embedded in your guidance like Patrick for the year? And -- or are there things that you think moderate that cadence improve it so to speak towards the back half or into next year?
Blake Moret: Yeah. John I'll make a couple of comments and then Patrick will add a little bit. So we mentioned that we were down in the quarter around 20% in Auto and we're expecting the full year to be down about 10%. We do have line of sight for some projects that have already started to make purchases. We expect some of that will show up in the year. And with that Patrick maybe some additional comment.
Patrick Goris: We don't expect year-over-year growth in any quarter Q3 or Q4 in Automotive, John. Sequentially we expect Q3 and Q4 to pick up just a little bit low single-digit. Flat to slightly up and that refers to some of the larger projects that we know are in flight that Blake was referring to.
John Inch: Okay. That's helpful. Switching actually just to the JV with Schlumberger, Sensia. How are you guys going to gauge success in this business? And I don't think I saw what financial targets you would establish but is there anything you could share with us?
Blake Moret: Yeah. It's a double-digit profitable growth. When you look at the digital oilfield markets, which is already over $5 billion, we believe the market itself is growing double digits. So we, obviously, expect to grow above the market. And so it is a very simply profitable growth in the upstream oil and gas business. From a financial target point of view, John we talked about one. We expect to achieve our financial criteria through acquisition so 10% free cash flow yield in year’s three to five. The other thing is for fiscal 2019, assuming a close at the end of this fiscal year, which is not completely in our control given the regulatory approvals, we expect $0.05 EPS headwind. For fiscal 20, we expect it to be above EPS neutral including about $0.10 of fees and intangible amortization
John Inch: And Patrick not to get nitpicky what's the nature of dilution. Is that because you're giving up profit to the JV, but don't you capture that back or is it investment spending?
Patrick Goris: There are setup costs and deal fees and transaction fees associated with that in fiscal 2019. And if we close it by the end of this fiscal year, we would see some of the setup costs but wouldn't see any of the revenue that comes with the JV.
John Inch: Got it. Busy morning. I’ll leave it at that. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, John.
Patrick Goris: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Just two quick things from me. Just first on investment spending. Patrick, I think you said you're expecting lower investment spending. Are you just bringing that down in concert with the change in the revenue guide? Or is there some other kind of posture you're taking on investment spending here?
Patrick Goris: No Jeff. You're right. During the -- during our second quarter, and as Blake mentioned we saw, weakness starting in February. We decided to push out some of our increased spending for the full year. Last year we talked -- last quarter we talked about $70-or-so million. We're thinking about $20 million less, increase for the full year. This is going to be focused on lower discretionary spend. We're protecting, our most important investments of course. And of that $50 million $55 million increase we're talking about now we still expect about two-thirds of that we would have seen in the first half of the year. So we've seen most of the call it ramp up and spend.
Jeff Sprague: And in terms of process Blake, could you just provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing upstream versus downstream? Is there any pause at all in your upstream activity, as you're prepping for Sensia to happen? Just any other color there would be helpful.
Blake Moret: Yeah. We continue to see, oil and gas activity continues strong. We had double-digit growth in the quarter. And as you know, we're a little bit heavier exposed on the upstream and midstream. So we think it's a good time for Sensia. Besides, oil and gas and process, I mentioned in my prepared remarks about Green Bay Packaging. That was a significant paper machine project with all the ancillary equipment that'll be worth over $10 million to us. So we are seeing CapEx spend in different parts of the process market.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just starting off with the North America business, you talked about the sharp slowdown there in organic growth in Q2, but a better or there's some sort of exit rates? So just wondered what should we expect for, North America growth in the second half, versus what you did in Q2. And were there any specific verticals that have seen that pickup?
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So Julian for the second half of the year, we expect actually somewhat similar growth rates as we've seen in the second quarter for North America. And so in general we expect continued above-average growth in our Solutions and Services business which are most -- more exposed of course with some of the heavy industries that we're talking about, but our product business is we expected about similar growth rates in Q3, Q4 than what we've seen in the second quarter.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you very much. And then my second question, would be around, if you'd experienced much or any inventory adjustments for some of your particularly products obviously, at any particular clusters of OEMs or distribution? Or whether you felt that inventory adjustments have been in line with kind of normal seasonality?
Patrick Goris: Julian there is nothing that we've seen that indicates that inventory moves were of significant impact one way or the other on our quarterly results.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you very much.
Patrick Goris: Thanks, Julian.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Q – Nigel Coe: Yeah. Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Q – Nigel Coe: I'm having some problems here with the mute button. So a quick question. Your peers Seimens and Schneider have been quite cautious on The Street market commentary in general ABB as well. And obviously you called out automotive down 20%, that's about a two-point drag to your guidance initially. But I'm wondering, how was the health of your other three markets. And then, in particular I'm thinking about semis and just general manufacturing. How would you describe the health ex-auto industry?
Blake Moret: So when we look at the other, let's say clusters of more discrete industries than Consumer. We continue to see good growth there. There is a mix of discrete and process applications there. But through the year I mentioned just a few minutes ago about the big project in pharma, Life Sciences continues to be a very strong growth vertical for us. And there's growth in other parts of Consumer as well. We also mentioned that Tire was a bright spot in this quarter. Tire is a great fit for our offering, because it has elements of process as well as discrete. And Tire is strong in the worldwide picture as well.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And semi. I think you were talking about that being up mid single-digits. Is that playing out the way you expected?
Patrick Goris: Semi for the quarter Nigel was down about mid single-digit.
Blake Moret: After a couple of years of strong double-digit growth semiconductor has moderated. We continue to participate in projects largely around the environmental control a lot of software-based projects, but we have seen a moderation in semi.
Nigel Coe: Okay. No surprise. I know that there's a lot of people in the queue. So I'll leave it there. Thanks guys.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Blake, could you just speak to the Information Solutions and Connected Services business? I think you mentioned was plus double-digits. Can you just maybe sift out if any the PTC contribution actually in dollars and pushing that growth rate up. Is there -- can you better define may be how PTC and some of the early wins there have maybe pushed the growth rate up there a bit? Are we seeing that?
Blake Moret: We are seeing that. And while in terms of showing up as revenue, it's still early given the subscription nature of these. It allows us to have richer conversations with customers across really all of our target industries and in multiple geographies. And so PTC's offering, whether it's the ThingWorx or the Kepware or even the Vuforia augmented reality those add to our portfolio. And in addition to the offerings that we internally have been working on the analytics and so on it allows us to bring what is really the industry-leading portfolio to these customers. And the best proof is what customers are buying. Customers who've had exposure to all of our competitors, our traditional competitors, new competitors are picking us, because our offering and our focus on outcomes is carrying the day. And I would say, it's not just a traditional decision-makers that we're talking to. CIOs are in these discussions. CFOs. In some cases, we're seeing people leading the IoT programs, if these customers actually report to the CFOs and we're happy to have those discussions, because of our focus on business outcomes.
Richard Eastman: And just my follow-up question is just around given the mix of business and where we're seeing strength whether on the Heavy Industries process businesses, which typically have a bit -- a longer tail to them. The business feels later cycle in general, when I look at the end markets, the growth in the end markets. How do you assess that? When you look at your front log, the book-to-bill here at 1.02 is -- it's better than 1, but it seems to be a little bit softer than where it's historically run in the second quarter. And any thoughts about kind of length of cycle or what you're seeing from a front log standpoint relative to where you're showing growth in your -- in Rockwell's business?
Blake Moret: Sure. So first of all book-to-bill in the quarter for Solutions and Services was 1.09 and so we thought that that would help for the second quarter. And we believe that the quarter does point to success and increasing our exposure to additional industries some of which are traditionally looked at as more life cycle. So we talk about strength in oil and gas and in mining. We see even in some of the more traditionally short cycle businesses adding the new value through the Information Solutions and Connected Services. Taken together they really are part of our very deliberate attempt to find more ways to win and to increase recurring revenue because in each of these areas there's a high component of subscription-based software and recurring service revenue.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Thank you much.
Blake Moret: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning guys.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Deepa Raghavan: Your commentary -- just to suggest that things were pretty much in line with what you were expecting with perhaps the exception of Automotive. Outside of organic, probably currency was a bigger headwind. But my question is with regards to 2019 organic growth guide up higher end at 5%, what kind of gets you there at this time? I mean Automotive you seems to -- you've obviously slashed your expectations there, but what are the other industries that could get you to that high end of organic growth guide?
Blake Moret: Yes. So, in Heavy Industries, it would be the continued strong growth in Heavy Industries through the year that takes us to that high end and then Automotive meeting the expectations that we talked about earlier.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. So, you're not necessarily assuming Automotive's get -- I mean you're assuming there's some -- it gets better from comps and stuff, but you're not necessarily expecting it to bounce back to positive on a year-over-year basis. Obviously, you're seeing it down 10%, but it's not--
Blake Moret: We think we've taken a realistic approach to Automotive as were factored in the guidance for the year.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Got it. So, you're pretty strong in Europe especially with the OE machine builders. I mean that region is weakening and looks like your outlooks probably contemplate that slow down. But can you right-size us on what your regional expectations are within that full year guide now organic growth? Thank you.
Patrick Goris: So, we think that for EMEA, we think it will be about the company average in terms of organic growth. Yes for the full year. We strengthened in Tire and in Consumer.
Deepa Raghavan: How about the other regions too?
Blake Moret: You mean for the--?
Deepa Raghavan: No, China, Americas, et cetera?
Patrick Goris: Sure. For the full year we now expect North America to be a little bit below the company average at the midpoint, EMEA at above the company average, Latin America we expect to be our strongest region, double-digit growth, Asia we expect to be at above the company average, and same for China, above company average for China for the full year.
Deepa Raghavan: Great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Goris: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stephens. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning. If you could just review your Auto performance in the context of A&S and CP&S and talk about what you saw in terms of your bridging year-over-year for the operating profit decline on a dollar basis? Is there anything -- any kind of color you can give us there just so we get a sense of kind of the mix headwind?
Patrick Goris: Yes, the way I would answer that question Rob is that our Automotive business would be overweight in Architecture & Software versus Control Products & Solutions. So, the largest impact of Automotive would be on Architecture & Software including logics compared to the Control Products & Solutions segment.
Robert McCarthy: All right. Thank you for that. And then in terms of PTC, could you talk about how that relationship is going? And then in particular should we expect any kind of further product enhancements or launches around there for confab in Boston in June the ThingWorx?
Blake Moret: Sure. So, Rob you may have heard last night when PTC announced they talked about good bookings growth in IoT and satisfaction probably more than satisfaction with the relationship and we agree with that. We're seeing good success. We've had -- this really energized our salesforce with 1,500 people in the organization trying on the PTC products and how they add to the overall solution. And the best proof is that customers in all industries and in all geographies are voting with their wallets that this is a great solution. So, we think it's going well. It speaks well to the future and the additional value that we can provide from financial standpoint. This contributes to our ability to more than double the $300 million of Information Solutions and Connected Services business that we had last year. In 2022, that's profitable growth with a high element of recurrent revenue from subscriptions and services. So, we're very happy with the progress of the relationship.
Rob McCarthy: Thanks for your time. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vladimir Bystricky: Good morning, guys. This is Vlad Bystricky on for Andy.
Blake Moret: Morning.
Vladimir Bystricky: So shifting back to the regions a bit. EMEA's strength in the quarter is a little surprising just given some of the headlines we've seen out of Europe. So can you talk about what changed versus 1Q, 2019 when EMEA was down to now mid single digit growth and the growth that you're talking about seeing for the remainder of the year?
Blake Moret: I'll make a couple of comments and then Patrick might have some as well. As we mentioned, in EMEA, the growth was led by consumer. And tire was especially strong. As I mentioned before tire is a good industry for us and a lot of the tire builders are in Europe and there was some significant purchases that contributed to those results.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I would also say the last quarter we said that our backlog looks good and were a little bit higher that we expected some organic growth in the balance of the year which is what we started seeing in the second quarter. So, we expect some modest growth in EMEA for the balance of the year as well.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the free cash flow outlook. I know you mentioned some of the headwinds that impacted F2Q. But can you talk about, one, whether the weakening in auto and -- was any incremental drag on free cash in the year and then just given the unchanged guidance your level of confidence in driving that acceleration in the back half of the year.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So, we don't believe that auto has a significant impact on free cash flow other than, of course, a drag on sales that we've been seeing. In terms of our confidence, obviously, we have high confidence. We're going to be able to deliver 100% free cash flow for the year. That's why our guidance remains unchanged compared to the one we provided last quarter. And obviously that guidance is second half weighted.
Vladimir Bystricky: Great. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning, John.
John Walsh: Hi. So a lot of ground covered, but I wanted to go back to your comment around acceleration on the Information Solutions and Connected Services. Continues to grow double-digit. That can mean a lot of things. Can you kind of talk about the order of magnitude of the acceleration you're seeing? And then I guess as a follow-up to that one of the things we picked up over at Hannover is that payback periods are shortening on some of these investments. What's actually driving that acceleration in your mind? Is it quicker paybacks? Is there something else as people prepare for 5G kind of anything you think?
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, we are seeing acceleration and its strong double-digit growth in the quarter which is helped by the PTC relationship complementing our own internally developed offerings. I think the biggest factor towards the growth of our business and really of the whole market is the ability to deliver positive business outcomes. So, you have to start with the ability to quantify what savings you're providing for that customers. Everything else is really just talk. And so by focusing on helping those customers get to market faster being able to increase the OE with operational productivity, the predictive maintenance, we understand those areas and the specific ways that we can help in our target industries. And so payback periods of less than a year should be realistic as company invest in that first pilot, quantifies, the results and then moves on to multisite rollouts. I would also mention that, our success has been putting the software and the services on top of a wide variety of control systems. In some cases, some part of our logic space systems. Other times, it's on top of the competitors, where we'd come in and added that new value. So it's an exciting area for us to be.
John Walsh: Great. And then maybe just one quick follow-up on that. So when you do put your – when you come in and do the integration side of the work if it's not on top of logics, I mean, how does the mix on that project look for Rockwell? Because I would think – maybe not – there's obviously going to be multiple projects and they're all going to look differently, but can you just talk about the mix impact that you see in some of those projects?
Blake Moret: Sure. In general, it's going to be around the Rockwell average. And so the software is very profitable. When there's the delivery that's more labor-intensive that's going to be a little bit below our average. But regardless of whether we're providing the logics and the drives and so on along with the software and the services, just like bucket the Information Solutions and Connected Services has profitability about the Rockwell average and it has a higher degree of recurring revenue than the Rockwell average.
John Walsh: Got you. Appreciate it that. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Graham: Hi. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Graham: Kind of a question on tariffs, I know that, you commented that you still fully expect to offset them for the year. I think the number coming into the year was something like $90 million. The plan at the time is as I remember was half price half supply chain, I believe. And I was just kind of wondering if you could sort of A, kind of tell us, where pricing sort of landed in the quarter. B, is there any changes to the buckets? And C, back to B, I guess, with the likelihood of moving up to 25% seemingly much dimmer now does that change the $90 million?
Patrick Goris: Yes, Scott. So with respect to pricing our overall price realization in the quarter was about 0.5 which is consistent with what we expect for the full year. With respect to changes in the tariffs, we still project to have a neutral impact on our financials. The cost versus what we realized through price and negotiations with vendors, if the 10% on this three does not go to 25 the full year impact or the annual impact of nine headwinds will be closer to 70, 75. But then again it wouldn't have an impact on our overall financials because we're targeting it to be neutral for our fiscal year.
Scott Graham: So you –
Patrick Goris: I would say in – in short it is playing out –
Scott Graham: Sorry.
Patrick Goris: Scott?
Scott Graham: Please. Well I was just asking then you would pull back on your supply chain initiatives to balance that off?
Patrick Goris: No. The way you could think about this is if the $10 million does not go to $25 million there won't be a need for us to be implement another price increase associated with tariffs.
Scott Graham: Fine. Okay. Great. Thank you. I want to maybe go back to Auto and beat that horse a little better I guess. So first quarter Auto was down 10 and this quarter you're saying it's down 20. Yet, you're projecting full year minus 10. On a situation, it looks like it actually deteriorated further this quarter. And I know you said, you've outlined the side on some things and also I think you're facing minus 10 comps in the second half. But I'm just kind of hoping you could give us a little bit more on kind of how we get there into the minus 10 in the second half of the year?
Blake Moret: Yes, Scott. So the way you can think about this whereas Q2 was down about 20% year-over-year, it was pretty much flat compared to our first quarter. And so for the balance of the year, we expect Automotive in Q3 and Q4 to be slightly up low-single-digits related to some of the larger projects that we know are in flight. And so, call it, flattish to slightly up for the balance of the year. From a year-over-year point of view, we still expect Auto to be down, just not as much as 20% year-over-year in Q3 and Q4.
Scott Graham: So Auto rest of year, flat to slightly up from the first half, but down year-over-year?
Patrick Goris: Correct.
Scott Graham: Got it. If I could just sort of sneak one last question in here, and it's kind of more to do about what your customers are saying out there. And you've given us great color, and I certainly appreciate that. But I was hoping maybe a little bit more from the customers' standpoint away from the PTC agreement, which I know is working the whole thing. But when you're doing the portion of CapEx of your sales, customers kind of know now where they're going to be by the end of the year. So I was just wondering if you can sort of give us some flakes of what the customers are saying maybe in Heavy Industries. We've talked about Auto maybe in the consumer areas, what the customers specifically are saying, and if possible maybe loop in how orders in those businesses are.
Blake Moret: Right. So, we've mentioned before that in process, we continue to see CapEx being released, and it's reflected in some of the projects that we're talking about. We talked previously in Life Sciences, Pfizer. Today we talked a little bit about Lonza in Europe. Green Bay packaging was $0.5 billion CapEx project, in which we're playing a major role here in the U.S. In Automotive, I mentioned that the CapEx that they are releasing has contenders for the uses of that CapEx with some of the electric vehicle, autonomous vehicle development in addition to capacity moves and model changes, and that has resulted in some of the delays of the projects in Auto. Our machinery builders and consumer continue to report healthy backlogs in their business, particularly in food and beverage. I mentioned Life Sciences. And so in general, there remains growth and there remains spending across the broad base of industries, automotive being a bit of the outlier particularly in North America.
Scott Graham: That’s really helpful. Thanks a lot, guys.
Blake Moret: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Steve Etzel: Operator, we’ll take one last question.
Operator: Great. Thank you. And your last question here comes from Justin Bergner from G. Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Bergner: Good morning and thank you for taking question. In addition to the Auto guides sort of bringing down your organic full year guide by about 50 basis points, are there any...
Patrick Goris: Hello? Justin, you've cut out.
Operator: And Justin Bergner, if you can press star 1 again to re-queue.
Justin Bergner: Hi. Hopefully, I'm live again. I was asking outside of Auto bringing down your full year organic guide by about 50 basis points. Are there any end markets that look materially better or worse with implicit in your full year outlook versus how they looked a quarter ago?
Patrick Goris: Justin, I would say no. There's always some puts and takes that move a little bit, but it's really Auto that was the big mover of all our verticals.
Justin Bergner: Okay. And on the segment margin performance the strong increase in the margin in Control Products & Solutions seem to absorb a mix headwind in terms of Solutions growth versus Products growth. Any sort of comment there on how you delivered such a good margin improvement while absorbing that mix headwind?
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So there was the modest headwind of mix between Control Products & Solutions. The main driver of the segment margin expansion was strong year-over-year organic sales growth, partially offset by higher spending. Those were really the big movers within that segment.
Justin Bergner: Okay. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Justin.
Steve Etzel: Thank you. I'll turn it over to Blake for a few final comments.
Blake Moret: So just to summarize, we delivered 8% adjusted EPS growth driven by top line growth in all regions and in key verticals other than Automotive. Two of our larger strategic investments, PTC and Sensia are progressing well. We are accelerating the execution of our strategy. I'm very encouraged to see employees and partners embrace our new ways to win, expanding value for customers and share owners.
Steve Etzel: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to the Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steve Etzel: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for reply for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I’ll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. I’m pleased with our results for the quarter. Organic sales were strong up almost 6% and well above expectations. From a vertical perspective growth was led by consumer and heavy industries. In consumer, food and beverage and Life Sciences were strong. Heavy industries growth was led by mining, open paper and metals. Oil and gas, grew slightly above the company average. Within transportation, automotive was down about 10% in the quarter weaker than expected and Tire was up low single digits. In the quarter, Logix grew 7% organically and Process grew 5%. Revenue from Information Solutions and Connected Services, which is a measure of adoption of new value from the Connected Enterprise, once again profitably grew double digits. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter, North America, which for us is the combination of the U.S. and Canada, grew 6% organically. We saw good growth across a wide range of industries with the exception of Automotive, which was weak. EMEA was down slightly in the quarter. Growth in consumer verticals was offset by declines in heavy industries. Asia grew 4% with most countries in the region contributing to growth. China sales were up mid-single-digits. Latin America sales were up 20%. We saw good growth in Brazil. And Chile was strong due to increased mining activity. As you may recall last year, we won a big order with Codelco and we are starting to see this in our results. I’ll make a few additional comments about our Q1 results. Adjusted EPS was at 13% and segment operating margin was up 40 basis points year-over-year. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services businesses was the strong 1.12 in Q1. We grew backlog in the quarter. Patrick will elaborate on our first quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let’s move on now to the macro environment and our current outlook for full year fiscal 2019. We see continuing uncertainty due to trade tensions and geopolitical risks. However, forecast continue to call for industrial production growth. We had a good first quarter and project quoting activity was strong. With one quarter behind us our full year outlook for organic sales growth and adjusted EPS guidance remains unchanged. We continue to expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up 5.2% year-over-year at midpoint of guidance. Currency is now expected to reduce growth by 1.5 percentage points. Including the revised impact of currency, our fiscal 2019 guidance is sales of about $6.9 billion. Our guidance for adjusted EPS remains a range of $8.85 to $9.25. Now I’ll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail about our Q1 results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. Before I go through our results and outlook, I want to mention that we made some reporting changes starting the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We outlined these changes in today’s press release and I will cover them briefly when I get the Slide 9 in the deck. For compatibility purposes fiscal 2018 numbers have been recast to confirm the fiscal 2019 reporting. With that said, we’ll start on Slide 4, key financial information first quarter. As Blake mentioned, we have good first quarter of the fiscal year with reported sales up 3.5%. Organic growth was 5.7% about 200 basis points better than we expected. Currency translation was about a two point a headwind to sales growth, worse than expected. Segment operating margin was very strong at 22.8% up 40 basis points compared to last year. A margin tailwind from good organic growth was partially offset by higher investment spending. Earnings conversion, whether you include or exclude the impact of currency was between 30% and 35%. General corporate net expense of $22 million was down $2 million compared to last year. Adjusted EPS of $2.21 was up $0.25 cents compared to the first quarter of last year, an increase of 13%. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is primarily due to the benefit of higher sales and lower share accounts, partially offset by higher investment spending. As expected the net impact of tariffs was a small headwind. First quarter adjusted EPS performance was significantly better than we expected, given stronger than expected organic sales growth and somewhat lower than expected investment spending. Free cash flow was $170 million in the quarter, or 63% of adjusted income. During the first quarter, we paid the animal incentives that our employees earned in fiscal 2018. A few additional items to cover not shown on the slide, for adjusted EPS average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 121.5 million, down 8.6 million or about 7% from last year. We repurchased about 1.8 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $292.8 million. This is slightly ahead of pace to get to our $1 billion full year target. At December 31, we had $816 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. Slide 5 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had 2.4% reported sales growth. Organic sales were up 4.6% year-over-year, currency translations decreased sales by 2.2%. For the quarter, segment margin increased 100 basis points year-over-year to a very strong 31.5%. Operating leverage associated with the sales growth was partially offset by higher investment spending. Moving on to slide 6, Control Products & Solutions, reported sales were up 4.5% for the segments. Organic sales growth was 6.6% and currency translation reduced sales by 2.1%. Growth in our solutions and services businesses in this segment was strong at about 8%. The product businesses in this segment were up about 5% on an organic basis. Operating margins for this segment was up slightly compared to Q1 last year, primarily due to higher sales offset by higher investment spending. As Blake mentioned, book-to-bill performance in our solutions and services businesses in this segment was 1.12 in Q1. Next slide 7 provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this – in this slide in his remarks. So as I just mentioned our growth was broad based across geographies with the exception of EMEA, also we saw good growth in emerging markets which were up high single digits compared to last year. This takes us to slide 8, guidance. We now project sales to about $6.9 billion. Our organic sales growth range remains unchanged that 3.7% to 6.7%. We’ve updated our currency assumptions and we now expect the headwind from currency translation to be closer to 1.5%. We continue to expect segments operating margin of about 22%. Our expected adjusted effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 remains about 19.5% and as Blake mentioned we are maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance range of $8.85 to $9.25. With respect to tariffs, we still expect to offset the incremental cost through supply chain changes and negotiations with vendors as well as targeted price increases on effective products. Our supply chain and pricing folks have done tremendous work in this area and we remain on track to neutralize the impact of tariffs for fiscal 2019. We continue to project free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. As to general corporate-net, we now project it to be about $95 million. As a reminder general corporate-net now excludes interest income. Net interest expense for fiscal 2019 is expected to be above $90 million. Before I turn it back over to Blake, let me add a couple of comments on slide 9. As I mentioned at the beginning of this call, we made some reporting changes effective the first quarter of fiscal 2019. As you can see on this slide, these changes include the adoption of ASC 606 revenue recognition as well as the new standard that defines operating and non operating pension and post-retirement benefits costs. We transferred some business activities from one segment to the other and we also combined U.S. and Canada into North America consistent with the way we run this region. Finally we removed interest income from general corporate-net. Our press release provides additional detail related to these changes. In addition, slide 10 and 11 of this deck provide a summary of the changes as well as a walk for fiscal 2018 first quarter results. Today updated data books will be available on our website that will include prior year financial results. Recap, the new reporting format. After our earnings call, Steve will be available to cover any additional details and questions you may have about the reporting changes. With that, I’ll hand it back to you Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks Patrick. I’ll make some additional remarks related to the execution of our strategy. We are performing well in our key focused areas. There were three components of our growth strategy which are, share gains in our core platforms, double digit growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services and a point or more of growth per year from inorganic investments. Core platform performance in the quarter was highlighted by 7% Logix growth. Our strategic partnership with PTC continues to gain momentum. We’ve had wins across all regions and in our key industry verticals and the pipeline of opportunities is growing every day. We’re also working well with PTC to converge our IoT technology roadmaps. Our pipeline for inorganic investments remains robust. Yesterday we announced the acquisition of Emulate3D, a UK based software company whose products digitally simulate and emulate industrial automation systems. This software enables customers to virtually test machine and system designs before incurring manufacturing and automation costs and committing to a final design. Emulate3D was a member of our partner network and we’ve seen customers benefit by combining their solutions with our technology. Emulate3D software will become part of our FactoryTalk design suite. Turning to the components of our growth strategy, we have the financial flexibility to execute, all within the capital deployment framework described during investor day. An industry where this strategy is delivering tangible results is Life Sciences, where we’ve had several years of good growth. Pharmaceutical companies benefit from our multidiscipline Logix control platform, which addresses discrete, batch and continuous process applications. Customers are implementing our Independent Cart motion technology for greater throughput. And our software offerings such as MES and FactoryTalk innovation suite are important competitive differentiators. Our Connected Services offerings also provide us another way to win. Recently we received another order from Pfizer to help them increase cybersecurity at their global manufacturing facilities. We will plan, implement and support security technology and solutions along with key strategic partners across Pfizer’s global manufacturing supply chain. We’re becoming more important to customers in every industry on their individual journeys to become more productive. Finally, I want to thank our employees, partners, and suppliers for their contributions to a good start to the fiscal year. Our entire organization is energized and excited about our new offerings and the opportunities that are ahead of us. With that, I’ll turn it over to Steve to start the Q&A. Steve?
Steve Etzel: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator we’ll take our first question
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Your next question comes from John Inch with Gordon Haskett. Your line is open.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Steve Etzel: Gordon, can you hear me?
John Inch: Yeah. Good morning guys. Hey, so just in terms of the quarter versus the flat EPS expectation, and your results. I think Patrick you mentioned it was driven basically by higher sales. Where did you actually see the surprise to the upside? And do you think those trends continue for the rest of the year?
Patrick Goris: Yes, so for the first quarter all regions except EMEA came in better than expectations, particularly the Latin America, which was up 20%. From a industry perspective, some of the heavy industries were better than we expected. In those we include metals, pulp and paper, oil and gas was a little bit better as well. And then consumer was better, particularly life science, which has very strong growth. So I’d say across multiple regions, and particularly Heavy and Life Sciences.
John Inch: And Patrick the reason for not changing your guidance given the beat is because you expect things to soften, still given sort of uncertain international markets are there any other clues? How did January do as part of the cadence toward the rest of the year?
Patrick Goris: January is consistent what we have in our guidance for the full year. I think one of the ways you can think about this John is we have one quarter behind us.
John Inch: Meaning you’re not anticipating a slowing or you’re just not sure. I mean, I’m…
Patrick Goris: No, if we went one quarter behind us, which was a little bit better than we expected then we see no reason at this time to change our guidance for the full year.
John Inch: I got it. And then my follow-up is really on the cadence of investment spending. If I remember, I think, you said you spent $70 million to $80 million in fiscal 2018 and you are going to spend $3 million to $4 million more with much of that focused in the first quarter. Are you still on track for that? And what actually did you spend in the first quarter with respect to investment spending? And did that help margins anyway versus kind of heading into the quarter versus your thoughts around investments spending?
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So you remember well, John. What we said was that we expected our investment spend to be up about $70 million, seven zero for the full year. Most of that we expect in the first half of this year, we still expect that. The timing is just a little bit different. Q1 was light by about $10 million. Q1 spend was up about 5% year-over-year, that’s about 25%. We expect the first half of the year to – of the $70 million we think about two thirds of that will happen in the first half of the year.
John Inch: Got it.
Patrick Goris: Q1 was just lighter than we expected.
Blake Moret: By about $10 million.
Patrick Goris: Yes.
John Inch: Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Patrick Goris: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi good morning guys.
Patrick Goris: Good morning Scott.
Scott Davis: Starting to get a little bit concerned about earnings after Caterpillar yesterday, but you guys came up with a pretty strong number. I mean what – some of the folks out there have seen real weakness in China and some haven’t, but you guys clearly haven’t seen much. I mean, can you give us a little local color?
Patrick Goris: So China is a mid-single digit up. And some of the industries that contributed to the growth are mass transit. So the metro system continues to be an area where we differentiate and have had good wins and this year continues that Life Sciences, as we mentioned before, globally was good. And China is adopting a lot of the new value that we provide in Life Sciences to compliment the basic control. And then there were other industries, so chemical, metals, still growth in semiconductor and even automotive in China for the quarter.
Scott Davis: Interesting. So, Auto is going to be my next question. Help us understand the divergence between SAAR, and CapEx and OpEx obviously. I mean SAAR in China is struggling and inventories arising so that can be a really tough year. But capital spending seems to be on some sort of a solid footing. Is that correct or how would you view the outlook there?
Patrick Goris: Yes I would say globally for auto CapEx is flat and there are challengers for the uses of CapEx beyond just plant expansions and capacity as they’re devoting some of that CapEx spend to new technologies like electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles. And in China, we continue to see gains in the electric vehicle market. One of the recent wins was with house and providing a power train for a local, indigenous Chinese brand owner. And remember we essentially re-entered that power train market just a few years ago. And China is one of the places where we’re winning, not only for the joint ventures that involve American companies, but for indigenous Chinese manufacturers as well. The SAAR count if it’s weak will eventually have some impact on our business, but of course the model changes are the direct influence on our growth in automotive.
Scott Davis: Yes, fair enough. Thank you guys. Keep up the good work.
Patrick Goris: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
Blake Moret: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about what you’re seeing in kind of a global machine tool industry, whether it’s some of those guys that operate out of Europe and into China? Whether it’s on the packaging side or elsewhere? Seems to us to follow-on Scott’s question, that there is a lot of foreign component suppliers that sell into that chain that are seeing pronounced weakness and de stocking. So I’m just curious as to kind of what your guys are seeing on that front?
Blake Moret: Yes, I’ll make a couple of comments on that, then Patrick may have some to add. We think that the moderation, let’s say in China is contributing to some extent to the weaker results that we see in EMEA. That being said, when we talk about machine tool, there’s a high component of that, that’s going to be CMC oriented versus ELC or logics oriented. And so we may be relatively less exposed in the metalworking areas.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Steve, I’m going to add that our OEM business globally was up a little bit less than the company average, so low-single-digits in the quarter, and EMEA was one of the weakest regions there.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And just to be clear for kind of the rest of the year, can you maybe give us a bit of a rundown on the major – what do you expect for the major segments? And how those are trend? I know that you guys talked about at last call, auto accelerating. If I missed that in the beginning, but is that still expected to be up this year – transportation? Maybe just give us a little color on what’s embedded by vertical in the guidance now and get any calibration there?
Blake Moret: Sure. So what we said last quarter, Steve, that we expect the Auto to be flat of fiscal 2019. Given the first quarter and our current outlook, we think that auto will be down mid-single-digits for the year. We think, at this point that that will be offset by some of the better growth we’ve seen in some of the heavy industries that I just mentioned in – about the first quarter but also Life Sciences. Within Consumer, Life Sciences and Food and Beverage are doing quite well. So versus our, I’d call November guidance, Automotive now expected to be down mid-single-digits for the full year. The heavy industry, a little bit better, and then also strong Consumer, particularly, Life Sciences, and after that, Food and Beverage.
Steve Tusa: Thanks. Great color as always. I appreciate it.
Blake Moret: Thanks Steve.
Operator: You’re next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: May be just – good morning. May be just the first question around process markets. Your grow rate, I think, on sales slowed to about 5%, having been at double-digits in the prior quarter. Are you starting to see any impact from oil, or just a broader macro uncertainty starting to weigh on project activity? And maybe any updated thoughts on how you see process industries growing this year versus the group average?
Blake Moret: So in the quarter oil and gas was up slightly above the company average. We continue to make progress in process industries, and of course, that’s concentrated in the [indiscernible] that we call heavy industries. Just as a reminder, that metric of process really measures the adoption of our process control technology, and it’s not that metric the other thing that we sell the industries, like oil and gas, and pulp and paper, and metals, which would have a lot of intelligent motor control as well. So we continue to see good growth in those industries, and we expect that to continue with heavy industries contributing to our growth for the balance of the year.
Patrick Goris: And Julian for the full year, we expect a process as we defined it to be up or slightly above the company average.
Julian Mitchell: Understood, thank you. And then just circling back on the geographic basis if you could talk a little bit about the EMEA region, I think you talked about low-single-digit growth. You had a slight decline organically in the first quarter. So how quickly do we think that that recovers really? Is it solely to do with China as you talked about? Or do you think there’s some domestic aspect which should drive up EMEA growth over the balance of the year in certain verticals?
Patrick Goris: We think obviously, it’s a little bit broader in EMEA than just China, Julian. Obviously growth in EMEA generally from a macro point of view has slowed. We’ve seen that over the last three, four quarters. From a vertical perspective, what we see in that region is that Consumer is still doing pretty well. It’s up mid-single-digits. Heavy industry was down, as was Auto, and Consumer growth not strong enough to offset the weakness in Heavy and in Auto. Actually, our order intake in the first quarter in EMEA was actually pretty decent. And we expect EMEA for the full year to be up, but low-single-digits.
Blake Moret: Yes, I think that order intake helped to build backlog.
Patrick Goris: Yes.
Blake Moret: Which also informed our outlook in the region. And just within transportation, Auto was down and was somewhat canceled down by actual growth in the Tire vertical.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. So we should see EMEA improving in fairly short order than in terms of your sales growth?
Blake Moret: Our expectation is that we see some year-over-year growth in that region in the back half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Blake Moret: Thanks Julian.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Hey good morning. I’m sorry. I juggled in a couple of things here this morning. I might have missed this, but in Auto in North America, was that down year-over-year within the context of that being done overall for the quarter?
Blake Moret: It was Rich. It was down. So Auto was down about 10% globally, and similar for North America in Q1.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And I think that was…
Blake Moret: Yes, we think that although, we see some weakness in MRO, in Auto we’ve seen some project delays generally. But at the same time, we see easy and powertrain, as Blake was mentioning, continues to be strong. We still expect double-digit, we see and expect double-digit growth there. It’s just not big enough yet to offset weakness elsewhere in that vertical.
Rich Kwas: Just on the North America with the choice based OE is a decent launch cadence this year, year-over-year. So is that just something where you’re not seeing as much wallet of that in terms of the mix, or is there something that we’re missing when we’re looking at the broader numbers?
Blake Moret: No. We do expect to participate, actually even more broadly in some of those cadences. So with some of the new value, particularly, in Information Solutions and Connected Services, we actually expect on some of those launches to expand what our traditional content may have been. Yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay.
Patrick Goris: And I believe some of that goes back to the MRO comment that I was making.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Okay, and then last one on, I think, John’s earlier question around the guide. So what gets you to the top end of the guide, in terms of 6.7% organic? What has the work in terms of the various verticals or assumptions that you have got in here?
Patrick Goris: The loss variables here, if you can think about some of the trade uncertainties being cleared up, and then a little bit better performance in Automotive.
Blake Moret: Okay, so those are the keys to trade in Auto.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question come from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to come back to, I think, Patrick, your comments on investment spending. I think you said it’s about $10 million lighter than your plan in the first quarter. And then, I think, you said two thirds of the $70 million happens in the first half. So just doing that math and trying to back into 2Q, is the headwind about $30 million or so?
Patrick Goris: You mean from a year-over-year point of view in the second quarter?
Nigel Coe: Yes.
Patrick Goris: Probably a little less than that. Not far off, but a little less than that.
Nigel Coe: Little less than that.
Patrick Goris: Yes.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Actually – got it. And then…
Patrick Goris: No, the only thing I would add to that. Some of that year-over-year increases investments that we’ve released fiscal 2018, and we see the – call it the annualization impact of that. It’s not all incremental in fiscal 2019.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Patrick Goris: It’s just carried forward.
Nigel Coe: And then just one more clear up, and then I’ve got a broader question on PTC. But I think you were talking about 120 bps of impact from the ASC 606 all in 1Q. Did that play through? And then, maybe just talk about the PTC, how that’s progressing so far? And how much sales impact you do have baked into your FY2019 guide from the PDC resale?
Patrick Goris: Okay. I think Blake wants me to take ASC 606, and he’ll take PTC. Actually, the impact from ASC 606 was as expected in the first quarter. The EPS impact was several cents negative. So as expected there and no material impact on sales. The reasons for the beat on sales was not related to ASC 606.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Blake Moret: Yes, regarding PTC, it was a good quarter. We had some interesting wins in the quarter. We’ve talked before about the quarter at the Investor Day, where we provided value actually in our power transmission facility. And then, at a Asia-Pacific region, a mining company. But since then a couple of additional ones in food and beverage, Labatt Food [indiscernible] company that specializes in processing and providing fresh fruits and vegetables. An Indian tire manufacturer where we had an order over $1 million that included PTC, as well as our MES offering, Dusen Bobcat in the EMEA region, they make loaders and excavators, you’d probably recognize the name. And they were looking at additional analytics and visibility of their operations. And then, in China, another metals and mining account. And those are just a few of these examples. I particularly like the diversity of where we’re winning across geographies and industries. First, it says that the value that we’re offering together is real. And second, it shows that our sales force is energized. They’re out there talking about this and it’s a way to make us more important to customers. There’s also discussions going on in a parallel path to converge our technology road maps and so creating that tighter alliance as time goes on.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, that’s great color. And Blake what do have baked into your sales guide from PTC product?
Blake Moret: Yes, so PTC falls in the FactoryTalk Innovation Suite, which is also a part of the bucket that we look at as Information Solutions and Connected Services. So we continue to talk about double-digit growth on top of the $300 million base that we talked about last year and with the contribution of PTC, we expect that to double over the next four years.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks. That’s a great color thanks.
Patrick Goris: Thanks, Nigel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch your line is open.
Anna Kaminskaya: Good morning this is Anna Kaminskaya on behalf of Andrew Obin. For me most of the questions have been asked already, but would you be able to provide any additional details on the announced acquisitions? Just how impactful it is to your P&L for the rest of the year?
Patrick Goris: Yes. Emulate3D won’t have a material impact on the results in fiscal 2019, but strategically and for customers, it’s really an exciting addition because this is software that works along with our core configuration tools to help customers simulate and emulate the operation of their system. So the simulation allows them to model the physical movement of their production system before they actually have to try it out with hard tooling on the line. And then the emulation capability allows them to look at the performance of the configuration tools, again to make sure that it’s working smoothly and with the correct timing that’s required. We’ve worked with them in the past. We have mentioned that they were part of our former partner program and now we’re going to be able to achieve even tighter integration with them. So again as with PTC we had customers asking for us to get closer before we made this additional step. So we’re excited about it. We think our customers are as well.
Anna Kaminskaya: And then any numbers around how much you paid for it or any revenue contribution?
Patrick Goris: We’re not disclosing that Anna and as Blake said the impact on fiscal 2019 will be immaterial.
Anna Kaminskaya: Got it. And then with some of the changes to accounting and I mean strong 1Q any other moving parts as we think about 2Q outlook, 2Q EPS is it in line with historical seasonality? Anything you would like to call out besides high investment year-over-year that we already talked about?
Patrick Goris: Not really, Anna. I think the only thing I would say that we would expect the year-over-year growth to be somewhat balanced – year-over-year to be somewhat balance first half versus second half of the year.
Anna Kaminskaya: Great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Goris: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Josh, you’re line is open.
Breindy Goldring: This is Breindy Goldring on for Josh Pokrzywinski, good morning. So looking at Q2 guidance within moving investment, we come up with earnings down very slightly EPS. Is that the right way to think about it?
Blake Moret: I’m not going provide any additional color than I already did with respect to timing of spend and year-over-year growth rates first half and second half. So I’m not going to provide more detail in the second quarter.
Breindy Goldring: Okay. That’s fine. Thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird, your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good Morning. Patrick, could you just speak to there was a $90 million of tariff headwind kind of heading into the year and I think the commentary was half price – offset would be half price and half supply chain improvements. In that price commentary, I believe Rockwell took a second price hike, I think in November. Could you just speak to maybe the stickiness of that hike and also the price capture at the top line in the first quarter?
Patrick Goris: Yes Rick. So our price realization in the first quarter was about a point and so we were on track to get close to 0.5 with the full year, which is what is in our guidance and our expectations. You’re correct, so the 90 million was the gross annual impact. Half of that we expect to offset with supply chain changes and negotiations with vendors, the other half offset with pricing. We had the annual price increase in August of each year as we always do. We had an off cycle price increase in October and then we had an off cycle price increase in December and those last two price increases all related to tariffs. We realized that the price increase that we were targeting associated with those last two price increases and so that’s why I said, we were at about a point in the first quarter, we expect a little bit more than that for the full year, just given the timing of those last two price increases.
Richard Eastman: Okay I understood. And then just one question, it probably relates to the illness of margin – the incremental layer was quite high, there wasn’t a great deal of incremental sales growth, but at the end of the day, is that more of a mix around software sales, did they increase at a faster rate than Logix, is there a mix in there or is that price capture in ANS? I’m curious how we delivered so much margin there?
Patrick Goris: The way you cannot think about it there Rick is that our spent was light as I mentioned earlier and it was particularly light in that segment. From a mix point of view within that segment Logix did actually quite well. So there was not a big mix driver within that segment.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Because when you talk about – and Blake you had mentioned this Information Solutions and Connected Services, my guess is the Information Solutions base probably outgrew Connected Services, I don’t know if that’s easy enough to parse through, but again that seems like that would have help the software FactoryTalk suite products sales within ANS?
Blake Moret: Yes, I think on balance, the margin is between that bucket is at or slightly above the company average over a period of time.
Richard Eastman: Well, again I was just looking at the mix being more software friendly in ANS as the PTC agreement expands is that going to be noticeable?
Blake Moret: I think it will be, but it’s going to take a while because when we sell some of that software or we add some of our software on top of that it’s on a subscription basis Rick and so therefore it will start out to be small and so obviously we’d like to grow it a fast as possible, but it being description and not license sales it’s going to be slow and it’s going to take some time before you’ll see it have a mixed effect.
Richard Eastman: I understand, because this is a different component. Okay, very good thank you.
Blake Moret: Thanks Rick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi, your line is open.
Vladimir Bystricky: Good Morning guys its Vladimir Bystricky on for Andy.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Vladimir Bystricky: So, can you guys talk a little bit more, I know you talked about Latin America, the strength in Latin America, so can you just give a little more color on really what’s driving that strength, any particular countries and more about how you’re thinking about the sustainability of the LatAm strength in 2019?
Blake Moret: Yes, few comments in terms of the growth drivers in Latin America. Latin America for a long period of time has been a strong region for us. So there’s lots of diversity in the region in industries that we serve well. One of the key starting points in Latin America is the backlog in mining. And so we talked last year about the big Codelco mining project as one example. We’re starting to see some of that order come out in quarterly results and so that’s a strong contributor for us. We also see continued growth in oil and gas particularly in Mexico. And then finally, we’ve seen several quarters of good growth in Brazil as well and so I think those would be three of the key contributors to the continued performance in Latin America.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just to circle back on the tariff impact for a moment, I know you talked about the pricing that you’ve put in. I think last quarter you said about two-thirds of the supply chain adjustments were already in the execution phase, can you talk about all of the supply chain adjustments and vendor negotiations sort of now underway or in execution or do you still have more to do there to get to the net neutral on tariffs?
Blake Moret: I think everything is being worked on the business need everything is buttoned up. But as I mentioned, we are on track and our teams have done tremendous work on making that happen, which is why we continue to expect that this fiscal year the net impact will be zero.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay, perfect. And then maybe one last one from me, I know you aren’t disclosing financials on Emulate3D but can you just talk more broadly about what you’re seeing in terms of valuation multiples in the pipeline? Have you seen any movement there? Have you seen any valuations start to come in all with the recent market volatility?
Blake Moret: I think there’s been, in general across our broad portfolio of names out there, there will be some contraction based on the macro.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: So a couple of piggybacks on questions that have already been asked, first on China, I know you guys saw him mid-single-digit growth for the quarter. If you could kind of frame out what you expect for the full year?
Patrick Goris: Yes, we see China growing mid–single-digits for the full year as well. And we talked before about Life Sciences which is really a macro trend across the world, but the Chinese companies are particularly vigorously adopting some of the new value, some of the software again that sits on top of it basic control systems. We see growth entire in China in the full year. We see growth in oil and gas in China and then a little bit of growth in food and beverage as well.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, understood that’s helpful. And then piggy backing on the question on process, so I know you guys went through kind of what drove the growth this quarter, what happened within the oil and gas but growth did decelerate and I think it was up about 10 organically in the fourth quarter, it’s now at five, if you could just talk a little bit about the moving pieces from 4Q to 1Q?
Patrick Goris: Yes, I would look at the majority of that as quarterly variability. We’re not seeing a meaningful slow down in any one area of that versus another. And again, this is one component of what we’re offering to those process applications, the other main piece being the motor control as well. So I wouldn’t look at that as a trend at this point.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, understood. Thanks, I’ll pass it on.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Ashay Gupta: Hi, good morning, this is Ashay Gupta on for Joe.
Patrick Goris: Good morning.
Ashay Gupta: Hey, Patrick you mentioned that investments spent was $10 million lighter than expected in the quarter, over the other due items that you mentioned on 4Q that was supposed to be headwinds like ASC 606 and the impact of pricing, can you just comment on how those two items came in versus your expectations going in?
Patrick Goris: Yes, so as I believe I mentioned earlier on the call the earnings impact of ASC 606 – as we expected also few cents of negative impact. And then with respect to tariffs, in November we mentioned that we expected headwind in the first quarter associated with tariffs and that is exactly what we saw in the first quarter. So the net of price and cost was a small headwind in that Q1 and we expect the net impact of tariffs to be zero for the full year, so current tariff and ASC 606 came in as expected basically in the first quarter.
Ashay Gupta: Understood and just secondly, I think in the beginning you guys commented that semis was a strong area in the quarter, which is just surprising given some of the commentary we’ve heard from semis players and some of your competitors, so like what’s different like, are you taking share and what’s your outlook for semis for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Yes, I think our comment about semi was specific to China, where semi was up from a global basis. Semi was about flat for the first quarter. We’ve seen several years of good growth in semi. We expected this year in our guidance with a slower growth and in semi about mid-single-digits and first quarter was about flat, but with some growth in China as Blake mentioned.
Ashay Gupta: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
John Walsh: So, I guess maybe just one question here to piggy back off some of the earlier price questions if I just kind of go through your K and look at what price has done the last couple of years per your commentary, it looks like it was a little bit less than a point in 2017 and then about 50 basis points in 2018 and if I do the rough math here on what you’re talking about comes from tariff versus organic price it looks like we’re going to tick up a little bit above that 50 basis points you probably realized in 2018. So wondering if this is all just rounding or if you’re actually starting to see some real underlying price traction outside of kind of the tariff impacts where you’re just pushing the price through the channel?
Blake Moret: Yes I would say it’s both, you’re right last year we realized about half point in price. We did mention I believe that we were targeting for a somewhat higher price increase in fiscal 2019, given generally increasing input cost leave alone the impact of tariffs. And so we targeted a larger price increase given higher headwind from input costs. And on top of that, that is of course the tariffs and some of the price increases that we haven’t met as a result of that. And so in total we will realize more price this year that’s our expectation than last year, as I said about 0.5. This includes not only the price from the tariffs but also come with our base price increase, the base price realization will be a little bit higher than what it was last year. So it’s both, we realize a little bit more price from annual price increase and on top of that there is the selective price increases related to the tariffs.
John Walsh: Got it on that, I guess I was trying to get at maybe some value pricing as you move the portfolio more into your Connected Enterprise and what you’re able to realize on that front kind of absent the general inflation and tariff. What kind of the value add pricing you were getting if you were starting to see any kind of tick up in that relative to where you’ve been historically?
Patrick Goris: As we come out with new products, software and capabilities, obviously we try to price it appropriately, knowing that there’s still some competition out there.
John Walsh: Got it great, appreciate the color. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you. Operator, we’ll take one last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from Scott Graham with BMO, your line is open.
Scott Graham: Hi, good morning. Like I think others had a number of earnings this morning, so I’ve jumped often on the call. So forgive me if I am trouble asking a question here. On the EMEA, organic down seven-tenths of a percent, would you be able to split for us Europe versus Middle East and Africa there? And the driver of what happened in Europe?
Blake Moret: Yes, I believe that if we think about this matured markets in EMEA generally no – emerging companies in EMEA generally performed better than the matured companies in that region.
Scott Graham: Remains down mid-single-digit?
Blake Moret: Say Again?
Scott Graham: Would you say that the matures were down mid-single-digit or may be low-single…
Patrick Goris: There is a raise there, the way I would say that some of the mature companies would be below the EMEA average and so the emerging companies would be a little bit better. Obviously mature companies still account for the majority of our business in that region.
Scott Graham: Understood. Thank you. And on oil and gas, I know that you’re a little bit more tilted towards the upstream, I was just wondering, what your customers were saying given North America, first half of the year kind of look a little wise where capital spending does with some of these upstream guys? What are you seeing in North America and elsewhere in your upstream business in oil in next six to nine months?
Blake Moret: Yes. So we continue to see growth in oil and gas, mid-single digits growth for the year. You’re right, a little more than half of our business is upstream with the remainder split between midstream and downstream. We continue to see strength in the Permian and one of the important comments because we’re not as dependent on the big mega projects, regardless of the price of oil. People are going to be looking for productivity in their operations, that’s really our sweet spot either with the solutions or with individual products as people find ways to make even more efficient into their production operations. And so we continue to see that as a source of growth for us including the U.S.
Scott Graham: Right, thank you.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Steve Etzel: Thanks. Now I’ll turn it back to Blake for a few final comments.
Blake Moret: Thanks for everyone’s questions. I just want to summarize. The first quarter was a great start to the year. We delivered strong operating and financial performance. We’re executing on our key initiatives and our strategy is working. Steve?
Steve Etzel: Okay, that concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us. You may disconnect.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC Scott Reed Davis - Melius Research LLC Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2018 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for reply for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. I'm pleased with our results for the quarter. As we expected, organic growth was above 7% with growth across a very broad range of industries. From a vertical perspective, consumer and heavy industries performed well, both growing above the company average in the quarter. Consumer growth was led by food and beverage and life sciences. While heavy industries growth was led by mining and semiconductor. Within transportation, automotive was down 10% in the quarter, weaker than expected and tire was up high single digits. In the quarter, Logix grew 7% organically and Process grew 11%, demonstrating our continuing progress in this key initiative. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter, the U.S. grew almost 8% organically, despite softness in automotive. We saw very good growth across a wide range of industries. EMEA was about flat in the quarter with growth in consumer verticals offset by continued weakness in automotive. Asia grew about 10% with China sales up double-digits. Latin America sales were up over 20% with most countries in the region contributing to growth. I'll make a few additional comments about our Q4 results. Adjusted EPS was up 25% and free cash flow was very strong. Importantly, we finished the year with healthy backlog. Moving to the full-year. Fiscal 2018 was an important year for Rockwell Automation, marked by strong operating and financial performance, as well as actions that set the stage for our continued success. First, some highlights of our financial performance. Our diverse industry exposure enabled us to deliver 5.5% organic growth, even though one of our larger verticals was down 10%. Following growth of over 20% in fiscal 2017, automotive was down year-over-year, but we continue to gain share in this market, both in traditional and electric vehicles. Heavy industries was the largest growth driver this year, with almost all verticals contributing. We saw particularly strong performance in semiconductor, mining and metals. Consumer verticals grew at about the company average, led by food and beverage and life sciences. We are executing well on our key initiatives. Revenues from Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent new value from The Connected Enterprise, profitably grew double-digits for the year, reaching $300 million. Logix grew 7% in 2018 and Process grew double-digits. Our segment operating margin expanded, adjusted EPS was up 20% year-over-year. And we had another good year of free cash flow conversion. Patrick will elaborate on our fourth quarter and full-year financial performance in his remarks. We had several other key accomplishments this year, including our partnership with PTC, which will accelerate future growth. In the wake of U.S. tax reform, we significantly increased our capital deployment to deliver long-term shareowner value. In fiscal 2018, we made $1 billion equity investment in PTC. We repurchased $1.5 billion worth of our shares, and we increased the dividend twice during the fiscal year. Each increase was 10%. We continue to invest for the long-term success of our company, customers and our employees. Let's move on now to the macro environment and our outlook for full-year fiscal 2019. While global trade tensions create uncertainty, we have not seen an impact on customer demand as industrial companies continue to focus on productivity. Internally, we are taking actions that are expected to mitigate the impact of tariffs on our operations. Macroeconomic indicators remain favorable across most geographies, with PMI metrics above 50 and continued industrial production growth. Economic growth in the U.S., our largest market is strong. We have balanced exposure across a broad range of industries, and we expect heavy industries and consumer verticals to continue to be the strongest growth drivers. Taking into account, what we know about the macro environment, our industry outlook, our backlog and what we are hearing from our customers. We are expecting another good year of growth and financial performance in fiscal 2019. We expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up 5.2% year-over-year, at midpoint of guidance. This growth rate includes a 30 basis point expected headwind from our adoption of the new revenue recognition standard in fiscal 2019. Currency is expected to reduce growth by about one percentage point. Including the impact of currency and the new revenue recognition standard, our fiscal 2019 guidance is sales of about $7 billion and adjusted EPS of $8.85 to $9.25. Now I'll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q4 and full-year results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Blake and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 4, which provides our key financial information for the fourth quarter. As Blake mentioned, we had a good fourth quarter with reported sales up 3.7%. Strong organic growth of 7.3% was in line with our expectations and was our best organic growth quarter of fiscal 2018. Currency translation reduced sales by 2.2 points, about 1.5 points worse than we expected. The fiscal 2017 Q4 divestiture reduced sales by 1.4 points. Segment operating margin was 20.8%, up 380 basis points compared to last year. Excluding last year's Q4 restructuring charges, segment margin expanded 120 basis points. A margin tailwind from organic growth and good operating performance was partially offset by higher investment spending. General corporate net expense of $14 million was down $10 million compared to last year and about $15 million lower than we expected. We had a favorable settlement of a longstanding legal case during quarter, we'll see the cash benefits of this settlement in future periods. Adjusted EPS of $2.11 was up about 25% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is mainly the result of higher sales strong operating margin performance and the benefit of a lower tax rate and share count. The fiscal 2018 legal settlement benefit and last year's restructuring charges and gain on disposal about net up (10:10). Free cash flow performance was again very strong in the quarter at $316 million or 121% of adjusted income. A few additional items that are not shown on the slide. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 123.5 million, down 6.3 million from last year. We repurchased 2.2 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $396 million. For the full-year fiscal 2018, repurchases amounted to $1.5 billion. At September 30, we had about $1.1 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization. And finally, you will note that just as last quarter, our fourth quarter GAAP results include adjustments related to our investments in PTC and the Tax Act. Moving on to slide 5, key financial information for full-year fiscal 2018. We had a good fiscal 2018. Organic growth was 5.5%, segment margins expanded 210 basis points or 140 basis points excluding Q4 fiscal 2017's restructuring charges. Adjusted EPS was up 20% and free cash flow conversion was 114%. Core earnings conversion, excluding the impact of restructuring the divestiture in currency of a little over 40% was stronger than we expected at the beginning of the year. The increase in adjusted EPS was mainly a result of stronger sales and operating performance as well as a tailwind from a lower adjusted effective tax rate and share count. The net effect of the non-recurring items was immaterial on a year-over-year basis. For fiscal 2018, research and development expense grew about 7% and increased to 5.6% of reported sales. U.S. corporate tax reform was, of course, an important event during fiscal 2018. It not only helped reduce our adjusted effective tax rate, but also provided us access to our non-U.S. cash. During fiscal 2018, we repatriated about $2.3 billion of non-U.S. cash. As Blake mentioned, we redeployed this cash to our investment in PTC and increasing our fiscal 2018 share repurchases to $1.5 billion. Slide 6 provides a sales and margin performance overview of the Architecture & Software segment. For the quarter, this segment had about 5% year-over-year sales growth. Organic sales growth of 7% was offset by 2.3% headwind from currency translation. Segment margin expanded 420 basis points year-over-year to 27.9%, higher sales was the main contributor to margin expansion. Lower restructuring charges contributed a little less than 200 basis points of margin tailwind. For the full-year, organic growth was up a little over 5% and reported sales for this segment reached $3 billion for the first time. Segment margins expanded by 210 basis points, primarily due to higher sales. Lower restructuring costs contributed about 0.5 point to segment margin expansion. Moving on to slide 7, Control Products & Solutions. Reported sales were up about 3% for the segment. Organic sales growth was 7.5%, currency translation represented a 2.1% headwind and the 2017 divestiture reduced sales by 2.5%. Operating margin for this segment increased 330 basis points compared to Q4 last year, primarily due to higher sales and lower restructuring charges, offset by higher investment spending. Lower restructuring charges contributed about 250 basis points to margin expansion. Book-to-bill performance for our Solutions and Services businesses in this segment was 0.93, pretty typical for a fourth quarter. For the full year, organic growth was 5.7% and margins expanded 200 basis points to 15.2%. Higher sales were the primary driver of margin expansion. Lower restructuring charges drove less than half the margin expansion. The next slide 8 provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this in his remarks. So, I will move on. Before I get to guidance, I'll provide you with a few comments about the impact of tariffs and mitigating actions. I shared with you in April that Section 232 tariffs, have an immaterial impact on our company. During the Q3 earnings call in July this year, I mentioned that we are impacted by Section 301 List 1. The net impact to fiscal 2018 Q4 results was in line with what we expected and shared with you back in July, a little less than $0.05 of adjusted EPS. Since our July earnings call, Section 301 Lists 2 and 3 as well as additional retaliatory actions by China have been implemented. We estimate the gross annual impact of all tariffs enacted to-date to be about $90 million. The majority of this relates to products and components we purchase from partners and vendors rather than our own internal production. We expect the net impact on fiscal 2019 results to be neutral as a result of comprehensive mitigating actions. We expect to offset about half of the gross impact through implementing supply chain alternatives and negotiations with vendors. The remaining actions to offset the gross impact include selected price adjustments on effective products. Given the timing of these selected price increases, we expect the first quarter of fiscal 2019 to have a net unfavorable impact. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the impact of full-year fiscal 2019 earnings to be neutral. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and take additional mitigating actions as appropriate. This takes us to slide 9, guidance. As Blake mentioned, we're expecting sales of about $7 billion in fiscal 2019. We're adopting ASC 606, the new revenue recognition standard, effective fiscal 2019. This creates a 30 basis point headwinds on organic sales, most of which we estimate will impact the first quarter of fiscal 2019. For the full-year, we expect organic growth to be in a range of 3.7% to 6.7%. Consistent with currency rate projections for the next 12 months, we expect the headwinds from currency of about 1 point. We expect segment operating margins to expand to 22%, general corporate net is expected to be about $85 million. The increase over fiscal 2018 is primarily driven by lower interest income. We believe the full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be about 19.5%, similar for fiscal 2018. We're dialing in $1 billion of share repurchases and assume average diluted shares outstanding of $120.1 million. We will share more details with you on our capital deployment and structure plans at our Investor Day next week. Our adjusted EPS guidance range is $8.85 to $9.25, at the midpoint, this represents 12% adjusted EPS growth on about 4% higher reported sales. From a calendarization viewpoint, we do not expect EPS growth in the first quarter, as a result of higher year-over-year investment spending, the timing of pricing adjustments related to tariffs, and the impact of ASC 606. And finally, we expect full-year 2019 free cash flow conversion of about 100% of adjusted income. This includes $150 million of capital expenditures. Note that during fiscal 2019, we will make our first payment, about $30 million, related to the deemed repatriation tax liability as a result of tax reform. Next slide 10. This slide provides an adjusted EPS walk from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2019. Going from left to right, you will see that the main contribution in EPS growth comes from our poor performance on higher organic sales. Currency is expected to be a headwind of about $0.10. Incentive compensation for fiscal 2018 was above target due to strong performance, so this represents a tailwind for us as we enter fiscal 2019. We expect higher net interest expense as a result of our cash deployment. As I mentioned earlier, interest income will be lower. In addition, interest expense will be about $10 million higher in fiscal 2019. The tax rate is expected to be about the same. And finally, we expect a large tailwind from the lower share count. Including the adjusted EPS impact related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, we get to $9.05 of adjusted EPS at the midpoint. So, with that, I'll turn it back over to you, Blake.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Patrick. Before we move on to Q&A, I want to make some additional remarks. This quarter was a strong finish to a great year. I mentioned several of our key accomplishments in my earlier comments. Looking to fiscal 2019, we have another exciting year ahead of us. We will continue to provide new value with The Connected Enterprise, which gives us more ways to win. As a pure-play, our entire focus is on helping industrial companies and their people be more productive. We have no competing priorities. Our capital allocation will continue to balance strategic inorganic investment with consistent capital return. Our strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation give us tremendous flexibility to continue on this path. Acquisitions made in recent years continue to perform well and the pipeline remains active. Our key areas of focus are information software, Connected Services, process expertise and regional share expansion. While the size, amount and timing of deals can never be predicted with certainty, we continue to target a point or more of annual growth from acquisitions. Last week, we again increased our dividend, which will bring our annual payout to over $450 million. In 2019, we are planning to spend $1 billion on share repurchases. So, in total, our targeted return of cash to shareowners is about $1.5 billion. Our strategy generates strong sustainable cash flows that we will continue to direct the value creating opportunities. I look forward to seeing many of you next week at our Annual Investor Day. As usual, we will hold Investor Day at Automation Fair, our main customer event in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania this year. This is a great opportunity to see how we are bringing The Connected Enterprise to life for our customers. We will showcase our latest innovations, investments and Information Solutions for thousands of customers from around the world, highlighting the powerful combination of Rockwell Automation and our partners. Among other innovations in a particularly eventful year, customers will see our software combined with PTC technology to create powerful Information Solutions, an important new Logix processor and additional high performance drive releases for Process applications. All of these offerings increased customer productivity by converging real time control with information and analytics that drive positive business outcomes. The opportunities for integrating control and information are greater than ever, and the power of our Connected Enterprise vision to increase industrial productivity is being demonstrated across all of our verticals and around the world. We are best positioned to deliver this value to our customers because we are already on the plant floor with a large installed base, we have differentiated technology and domain expertise, and we have a long history of successful partnerships. The value we provide is in high demand as every day customers are pulling us into their plans to connect their enterprise, to become more competitive. More next Thursday during Investor Day. Finally, I'd like to thank each of our employees and partners for their efforts to bring The Connected Enterprise to life, within Rockwell and add our customers. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve to start the Q&A. Steve?
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So, please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from Steven Winoker from UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. This is Peter Lennox-King on for Steve. The first thing, I'd like to focus on is the Process business, which is clearly picking up on a nice comp even. Is that driven by large project? Or are they more distributed by size, type and really what are the main drivers there by vertical, if you could parse that out for me?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Peter, the Process business is really a nice balance of project as well as more flow business. And remember for us a big project is in the mid-single digit millions of dollars, so very little of what we do is truly mega projects. It's distributed across a good balance of industries. So, while we had good growth in oil and gas in the U.S., we also saw significant growth in orders in mining, especially in Latin America that will result in shipments during fiscal year 2019. But it's really a balance of both projects that we've talked about in the past like NioCorp and Codelco as well as flow business, where we might be providing Control Products that are integrated by someone else into well head and other applications.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: That's great. And then maybe since you mentioned it, the growth in Latin America was obviously very strong. How much of that growth was mining-related versus other process versus other verticals? And within the Process business areas, is that mainly greenfield project or retrofit an overhaul? And is that driven by a large project or again more of a mix?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, we're really happy with the growth in Latin America. I think it's been a pretty consistent story for us and complementing the strong growth in mining, we also saw a consumer growth. It was one of the regions that we actually saw some growth in transportation in Latin America as well. Within the mining vertical, most of that is upgrades to existing mines. So, these aren't brand-new operations. In the case of Codelco, this was providing a supervisory control and data acquisition system with a good deal of services to make sure that the data transfer from the mine to a central control room was done securely, but it was an existing mine that that upgrade was being performed at.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thanks very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Reed Davis - Melius Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning.
Scott Reed Davis - Melius Research LLC: Sounds like CapEx isn't dying, as the market might imply it is, with what you guys put up, but what was soft, as you guys noted, it was just auto and that's not a surprise at all. But what's the cadence of that picking back up? Is it a function of waiting for some of these EV facilities to be built? Is it just really a function of obviously weaker SAAR? I mean, I guess part of what I'm asking is, as you break down between CapEx and OpEx, and really how you see the cadence of that getting better over the next several quarters or how long you think it's going to take?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Hey. I think it's helpful to look at our general automotive business as having a few components. So, obviously, the ongoing MRO business from an installed base, particularly in the Americas, is an important part of that. We did see a softer than expected result from that in the last quarter. The other piece is the EV and power transmission business, which remains at around $100 million for us. And then third is the programs in traditional internal combustion engines. And for new project activity, for IC engines as well as EV, there continues to be a lot of vigorous activity. In most cases, these are delays, but there's still the expectation that we're going to see those programs in 2019 and beyond.
Scott Reed Davis - Melius Research LLC: Are they – well, you know and I'm – I'll ask this offline, but I still struggle sometimes, guys, and maybe it's my fault, not yours, to see where the real tangible synergies are with PTC. And again, maybe it's my fault. But can you give us some tangible examples of maybe how you guys have gone to market together or what you're doing and how you're both benefiting from this?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Scott, I'll talk about a couple of recent successes that have resulted in orders, subscription-based orders that we don't think we would have maximized without the relationship with PTC. To begin with, for a long time our growth has been driven by the automation of basic processes to remove repetitive physical labor in those operations. But we and our customers are recognizing that there's a whole new level of productivity that comes from the Information Solutions, taking the data as a byproduct of those control processes and turning it into insights that allow additional productivity. So, making the workflows more efficient, being able to provide traceability to improve quality, there's a whole host of applications that provide cost savings to our customers. And in the first example, in a major automotive, we have a great position on the plant floor with that customer. But they were also looking at PTC software, because PTC has some good tools. When we came in together and said we're going to combine our knowledge of the plant floor with our software, things like our FactoryTalk Analytics with ThingWorx from PTC, it was game over. And we beat some big competitors to win the pilot for that project, which is going well and we expect that to move into a rollout over the next year. In the second example, in a large mining company, they were looking to create a digital twin for their operations. PTC, again, has a good portfolio of design tools that fit nicely with the real-time control and visualization hardware and software that we're already providing to that mining company, and together we have the most powerful combination in the world. It's that simple.
Scott Reed Davis - Melius Research LLC: That's encouraging. Thank you. Good luck, guys.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Deepa Raghavan for Rich Kwas. Blake, a question for you on automotive growth expectations for 2019. What's embedded in your forecast as you look at the midpoint of the organic growth guidance? And how should we think about which regions help the most? I think EMEA, there was a comment in the presentation that said it was a little weak.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. So, at the midpoint of guidance, we're looking for continued growth to be driven by heavy industries as well as consumer. And in consumer, food and beverage and life sciences are the largest contributors of that. At the midpoint, we're expecting a flat automotive vertical, so any growth in automotive would be upside, all other things being equal.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch from Gordon Haskett. Please go ahead.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Hey, John.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Morning, guys. So, I guess, there've been quite a few – like there's been quite a few management changes of late. There was recently, I guess, John McDermott's going to be retiring. Can you just maybe talk to – obviously Ted's left. I mean, can you talk to how these changes or these actions, how they kind of dovetail with the positioning of the company and where you tend to sort of take things going forward?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Happy to. Let me start by saying that Ted's not gone yet, so we continue to benefit from Ted's wise counsel and his involvement. But thanks for asking that, because we've had a couple of leadership changes that we talked about, beginning in June and then most recently in our sales and marketing organization, and they are all about accelerating our ability to bring The Connected Enterprise to life. So, when we moved Frank to Control Products & Solutions, it was to recognize the growing importance of combining the technology and the expertise, and as you know CP&S has a high component of services and solutions, which are going to be critical to ensure positive customer outcomes as we deploy our technology. We also created a Connected Enterprise consulting function led by Bob Murphy, who previously have been running a worldwide operations, brings unmatched credibility when talking to customers to help them better define their business problems. Most recently, in the sales and marketing changes, we provided additional focus to our most strategic enterprise accounts as well as our largest investment, which is, of course, PTC by dedicating a member of my staff to growing in those areas. And we also recognized, the continuing importance of growing share in Europe and Asia. And so, our sales leader who has responsibility for the marketing as well as the regional selling functions is going to remain based in Brussels. And I think it's important for me to begin to globalize my team, so that we get that perspective from the needs of customers around the world.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: I appreciate that. Thank you. Like you mentioned PTC, can we just talk a bit about what kind of investments Rockwell is going to have to make to actually drive revenue and other types of synergies from this partnership? Is it material and maybe you could just less, perhaps, on the dollar side, but more what operationally, you're going to have to do?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, deeper in the organization, we've made sure that in addition to the selling focus that I talked about, we're also taking care of the back office and so that's creating the necessary IT infrastructure, so that we take subscriptions at a higher rate than we have in the past. That's obviously important to decrease the susceptibility of our business to economic swings over time. That's going quite well to have a subscription portal in place, it's making sure that we have the right delivery resources within our Solutions business, to ensure that when a customer needs help in applying the software that we have experienced people ready to go. And they are, in fact, involved in some of those early engagements, I mentioned to Scott's question. It's also the converged roadmap for the information software technology to make sure that ThingWorx and our FactoryTalk Analytics and our MES offerings, fit together really well and are simpler for our customers to deploy than any other alternatives that they might have.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: So, it sounds like these are organizational changes versus sort of hard dollar investments. Is that a fair statement?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It's really both, John. I mean, we were already investing a significant amount in the information software, prior to this, with MES, with FactoryTalk Analytics and so on. This allows us to continue at a similar rate of investment, but then getting the benefit of the considerable investments that PTC has and continues to make in the IoT area. So, it's both.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Yeah I know I understand. I mean, just lastly, your EV initiatives, are the players that you're partnered with your traditional customers, I mean, there's an awful lot of startup Chinese EVs and other things. I'm just curious, I mean, some of those are likely going to go out of business, right? So, I'm just – could you talk a little bit about your EV footprint and is it more traditional with your established customers or is it more kind of growth year with the new startups or how should we – just a little bit of more color would be helpful.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Well, it's a nice combination. I mean there are somewhere close to 100 startups that we're engaging with for cars and trucks and other vehicles in the space. And as you said, not all of them are going to make it. But there's also what the established brand owners are doing, and we have heavy involvement there. And then it's the suppliers. So, the powertrain suppliers are a mix and many of these are established companies, but they may not be companies that we were working with as much in the past. And when we re-entered the powertrain space, we became familiar to them again. And as we've talked about the basic manufacturing process for an EV powertrain is, we have a higher readiness to serve there than we do in the traditional IT side. So, it's quite a nice opportunity for us with some of those traditional players as well.
John G. Inch - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Got it. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys good morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How are you? What are you guys seeing on the food and beverage side, just globally? Company we cover, JBT, talked about some delays, some merger activity, stuff like that. And anything you're seeing on food and beverage into 2019 that's concerning at all?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: People around the world, as more people are entering, the middle-class people are still looking for a wider choice in what they need, flexible packaging and quick changeover to different packaging styles, to maximize shelf space. Those are still some of the key focus areas for the machinery builders as well as the users as well. One of the important innovations in that space that relates to the ability to quickly change different packaging styles is the Independent Cart Technology that we launched over the last couple of years, and if you go to PACK EXPO most recently, and Interpack, you'll see almost every major supplier showcasing that technology, and we're right in the middle of that. I would also say, now that a lot of the big multinational food companies have addressed some of their cost issues, expansion and growth becomes a little bit more of the focus for them. But in either case, they're looking for doing that as quickly and as productively as possible. And so, we're right there with them, the consumer, and particularly, food and beverage companies are some of the earliest adopters of this whole Connected Enterprise concept of integrating control and information to get that next level of productivity.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And I'm not sure, if I caught this, and I'm not a math guy. Patrick, what is the incremental margin you're thinking about for next year? I mean, I can do the calc, but just curious, if you mentioned, there's a decent amount of moving parts. So, what's kind of the core incremental you're looking for?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Steve, the reported incremental margin will be about 35% for the full-year.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And that includes all the stuff you talked about. I mean, it seems like it's relatively clean, as there's a lot of moving parts, but a lot of them offset.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. The way you can think about that, the 35% is the reported earnings conversion. Bonus gives us a tailwind of about 5 points, but then we talked a little about tariffs, we get revenue, but not necessarily earnings. And this gets us back to core conversion of about 35%.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Thanks, good morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: According to – hey, just wanted to dig into Logix plus 7% for this quarter. And we tend to see Logix grow in above the average and didn't this quarter. So, maybe just address that. I understand auto was down 10%, but it was down more this year. And I'm just curious, I mean, the gist of my question really is, are we going to see some dollar spending moving from Logix to maybe the IS connected layer? And then machine tool, we've heard the machine tool is weak globally. And I'm wondering, if that was a factor as well?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, within Logix, we continue to see really good growth of our mid-range offering with CompactLogix. But you also see at the upper end of the Logix range, particularly in heavy industries, you see the ControlLogix sales encouraging as well. And as I mentioned before, we continue to invest in a very contemporary platform, we have been showing a new processor at Automation Fair, which I think – I think you'll find interesting as well.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Nigel, also for full-year 2018, Logix was up about 7%, which is a couple of points, above the A&S average. And for 2019, we expect Logix to be a little bit above the A&S average as well.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, so nothing with (44:48)
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Nigel, I'm just going to add, one additional thing is the Information Solutions and Connected Services fit really well with Logix. One doesn't replace the other, the Logix creates the data and aggregates the data that come from the basic control processes that feed those Information Solutions and provide the opportunity for those higher value services. So, they really – they fit together well and they're both fundamental parts of The Connected Enterprise value proposition.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then just on the leverage. Even with the $1 billion and the dividend increase, I think your net leverage is going to be about 0.7 times by the end of this year. Gross leverage, maybe 0.9 times EBITDA. Can you just remind us, what types of ratios you imagine to going forward from here now that you've got tax reform?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. Nigel, we'll talk a bit more about that next week, but the way you can think about it is, we end this fiscal 2018 with about $0.7 billion of net debt. We think by the end of fiscal 2019 that will be about $1.7 billion. And so, the way we'll get there is, we'll expect to reduce our cash and investment balance, which was $1.1 billion at year end, to close to about $0.5 billion. And at the same time, total debt will increase by about $400 million that's what we target now.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then just, I mean, just want to say, but it sounds like 1Q is going to be impacted by ASC 606 and tariffs, so maybe a little bit of color on 1Q would be helpful. But, I know you don't guide quarterly, but just want to know about that? Thanks, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. What I mentioned Nigel is that in the first quarter, we don't expect EPS growth and you mentioned two of the elements, but the main element will actually be the timing of our spending, the investment spending. Q1 last year was particularly like, we had really high segment margin. And as we released (46:54) some investments in fiscal 2018, the year-over-year increase in our first quarter of 2019 will be the largest of the year from a spend perspective. So, there really – the tailwinds in the first quarter, of course, we expect some organic growth. There is a tailwind from some lower share count, but there are three main, I'd say, headwinds for the first quarter. The first one we just talked about, the investments that will be the largest one. Then the second one is the impact of ASC 606, which will be mostly impacting the first quarter. And then lastly, the timing of the pricing on the tariffs. And so, we think the net of that means that we won't see EPS growth in the first quarter.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Nigel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Maybe just the first question for Patrick, following up on your comments on investment spend. I think you had a placeholder for last year of $70 million to $80 million of increase. Just wondered where that came in, in the end. And what sort of magnitude of increase do you anticipate for fiscal 2019 overall?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, what we – basically the spend increase in 2018 was in line what we have shared with you. The fiscal 2019, I mentioned earnings conversion of about 35%. That embeds spending growth at a little bit lower of a rate than our organic growth. And so, think about that 3.5% to 4% spending growth in fiscal 2019. And again, the biggest increase will be in the first quarter. It will be significantly more than that in the first quarter.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thank you. And then my quick follow-up would just be around...
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Julian, maybe one – maybe just one other thing, related to spending. We do expect to increase R&D again faster than our other spend in fiscal 2019. And so, you saw our R&D as percent of sales pick up in fiscal 2018. Our current projections are that will again increase in fiscal 2019. So, our priorities for spend, R&D and then some of the commercial investments that Blake was also referring to including, related to PTC.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just switching to the demand side again, China I think you'd said in the prepared remarks grew double-digits. Wonder if you could give a little bit more detail on what your expectations are for the fiscal 2019 in China, and any major differences by end market within China?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. So, fiscal 2018 was actually a good year for us in China. We were up double-digits for the year. But fiscal 2019, excluding the impact of ASC 606, will be above the average we think in China. So, mid to high single-digits. The ASC 606 revenue rec change impacts Asia and China more than the other regions. So, on a reported basis, we think we're – on an organic basis, we think that China will be up a little below the company average in fiscal 2019, but that includes a headwind of a couple of points, we estimate related to the rev rec change. Again from a vertical perspective, it's pretty broad based, in terms of what we expect for growth next year in China. We see upside in life sciences as we did this year; chemicals, food and beverage, and we think that oil and gas and transportation might be about mid-single digits next year.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning, Josh.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wanted to follow-up on the 1Q comment. Should we expect to see all of that normalize into 2Q? Because I think for the full-year 35% EPS, or earnings conversion, it kind of implies the next three quarters need to jump up a lot. I just want to make sure that 2Q wasn't more of a ramp or is it an abrupt change 1Q to 2Q on getting over some of those margin headwinds?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It will be a ramp with the largest year-over-year benefits in Q3 and Q4 from an EPS growth point of view.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then, just thinking about some of the heavy industry and bigger projects, the book-to-bill at 0.93, I think kind of lines up with the last few years on average, not as big as last year, but that was probably an outlier. I guess, given that it seems pretty typical, is there something outside of project orders or solutions orders that you're seeing that gives you that, kind of, quantitative confidence? Because otherwise, it just seems to be good but not accelerating?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think I'd start with backlog. So, backlog in Solutions and Services is up double-digits so that's a nice start to the growth. And what orders we have seen with some previous strong Q2 and Q3 book-to-bill have built that.
Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Hey, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Blake or Patrick, U.S. growth continued to accelerate in Q4. Basically, did that every quarter for you in FY 2018, so can you talk about how you're thinking about the U.S. in 2019 in the sense that, can it sustain that sort of mid to high single-digit growth rate that you've seen lately and have you seen more evidence of onshore and/or just simply higher investment in the U.S. helping your business, given all the increased protectionism out there?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, we continue to see good opportunities in the U.S. and that's coming of course from the basic metrics that continue to be strong. What we're hearing from customers, the industry outlook as well. I mentioned before that oil and gas is strongest in the U.S., as we look around the world. We talked earlier in the year about even mining activity and so that heavy industries growth as well as the continuing expansion of consumer led by food and beverage and life sciences are important signs for the future. And we continue to think that we're taking share. We have a great position in the U.S. Good products, good market access and we think that, that march is continuing.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then alternatively, Europe does look relatively weak over the last few quarters. I know auto is dragging that down a little bit. I would assume that Europe continues to be relatively lethargic in FY 2019, are you seeing any signs that heavy industries are starting to come back in Europe and that could pull up Europe in 2019 at some point?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We think Europe next year will be low single digits for us. We think that it will be the region with the lowest growth. In terms of the verticals next year in Europe, we don't expect any growth in transportation, but we do expect in some heavy industries, we do expect some growth next year, as we do in consumers. So, low-single digit growth. Automotive is clearly still a headwind rather than a tailwind in that region.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would also add that, while it's a smaller vertical for us, life sciences continues to be strong in Europe, and that's an area where I mentioned before the Independent Cart Technology for single use, pharmaceuticals as well as the MES system, so that we have a very strong position and help us there with some of the new value from The Connected Enterprise.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Andy you think of life sciences and mining being the two verticals in Europe, where we do expect the strongest growth in fiscal 2019.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys. That's helpful.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks Andy.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Our final question from – for today comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys. And I appreciate you fitting me in.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So my first question, maybe you could provide a little bit more color around what you're doing specifically to offset the $90 million in tariff headwinds? And so, I know you mentioned select pricing actions and also actions along your supply chain. But are there certain guideposts that we should be looking at throughout the year to make sure that the progress is being made?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. So, maybe – being a little bit into more detail on the $90 million. As I said, we expect to offset half with supply chain alternatives and negotiations with vendors. Of that, I'd say that two-thirds is in the execution phase now, one-third of that is in, I'd say, the planning phase. Then the other half of the gross impact of the tariffs is addressed by selective price increases on the top – on the products that are impacted by the tariffs. The price increase has gone into effect October 21 and the second one will get into effect – will come into effect in a couple of weeks, that's why we're saying that there's a little timing from a Q1 perspective; although for the full-year, we expect to be neutral. I'd also add that the gross impact on the tariffs, it's only maybe 20% of that is related to our own manufacturing. The balance is with what we buy from vendors, whether they are components or whether they are some branded products.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful, Patrick. And my one follow-up, so clearly some headwinds in 1Q, a lot of the benefits seem to be coming through in the second half, I know you guys don't love giving quarterly guidance; but on 2Q, should we expect a seasonally more normal 2Q, typically you guys do about roughly 23% of your earnings in 2Q, or is that going to be lighter as well as these benefits come through?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I'll stick to my earlier comment that most of the EPS growth will be in the second half of the year, and 2Q will be around.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Wonderful. Thanks, guys.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So just to summarize, fiscal 2018 was a very good year with growth in key areas for us. We delivered strong operating and financial performance, we had several important strategic accomplishments this year, and we're looking forward to another good year in 2019.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to the Rockwell Automation Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines up for questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2018 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for reply for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. This was a very good quarter for us. Organic growth was up almost 6%, above expectations. This included 10% Logix growth and 8% Process growth. From a vertical perspective, heavy industries performed well and grew above the company average in the quarter, led by growth in semiconductor, metals and chemicals. Consumer also grew above the company average, led by strong growth in food and beverage. Automotive was down about 10% in the quarter. Revenue associated with Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent new value from The Connected Enterprise, once again, grew double-digits. Commenting on regional performance, the U.S., our largest market, grew over 6% organically. We saw very good growth in all industries except transportation. EMEA was up about 1% in the quarter. Good growth in consumer was partially offset by transportation weakness and we have not yet seen a pick-up in heavy industries in this region. Asia grew about 6%. China's sales were up double-digits. Latin America sales were up 11% and growth was broad-based. I'll make a few additional comments about our performance. I'm very pleased with our financial performance in the quarter. Segment operating margin expanded over 1 point to 22.5%. Margins improved in both of our operating segments. Adjusted EPS was up 23% and free cash flow was again very strong. Patrick will elaborate on our third quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on now to the macro environment and our outlook for full year fiscal 2018. Global industrial production and other production indicators remain strong. We are experiencing growth across the regions and industries that we serve. Customers are asking for the value that the Connected Enterprise brings to them as they continue to drive productivity in their operations. Turning to guidance. Taking into consideration our year-to-date results of growing backlog and the macro outlook, we are raising our fiscal 2018 organic sales growth guidance to about 5.5% and continue to expect full year reported sales to be about $6.7 billion. We expect that heavy industries will continue to be the largest growth driver followed by consumer. The tough comps for auto get easier for the balance of the fiscal year. We are increasing our full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.90 to $8.10. I'll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q3 results and guidance in his remarks.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 4, which provides our key financial information for the third quarter. As Blake mentioned, we had a good third quarter with reported sales up 6.2%. Organic growth of 5.7% was better than expected. Currency translation contributed 1.8 points of sales growth, a little less than expected given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The fiscal 2017 Q4 divestiture reduced sales by 1.3 points. Segment operating margin was 22.5%, expanding 140 basis points compared to last year. A margin tailwind from organic growth and good operating performance was partially offset by higher investment spending. Through three quarters, segment operating margin is up 150 basis points year-over-year. General corporate net expense of $28 million was up significantly compared to last year, mainly as a result of higher corporate development related expenses. Adjusted EPS of $2.16 was up 23% compared to the third quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is mainly the result of higher sales and strong operating margin performance. A lower tax rate and lower share count also contributed to the year-over-year adjusted EPS increase. Free cash flow performance was also very strong in the quarter at $321 million or 118% of adjusted income. A few additional items that are not shown on the slide. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 125.8 million, down 4.1 million from last year. We repurchased 2.5 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $430.8 million. Through June 30, we're on pace to get to our $1.5 billion full year target for share repurchase. At June 30, we had $504 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. And, finally, as we entered into the PTC agreements during the third quarter, our third quarter GAAP results include two adjustments related to our investment. One adjustment is a $7 million mark-to-market loss on investment based on PTC's closing share price on June 30, the last day of the quarter. On a quarterly basis, the mark-to-market adjustment we record depends on PTC's share price at the end of the quarter. For reference, at yesterday's closing price, we would have an unrealized gain of approximately $14 million. The second adjustment is a temporary $70 million valuation adjustment, pending registration of the PTC securities as the accounting rules require us to discount the value of our investment in PTC until the shares are registered. We expect that the registration statement for the PTC securities will be filed by the end of the calendar year 2018, after which we will no longer carry this valuation adjustment. We are excluding both the mark-to-market and the temporary valuation adjustment from adjusted EPS. Slide 5 provides the sales and margin performance overview of the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had about 9% year-over-year sales growth. Organic sales were better than expected, up 6.7%, and currency translation increased sales by 2%. For the quarter, segment margin expanded 210 basis points year-over-year to 30%. Margin tailwind from higher sales was partially offset by higher investment spending. The 10% growth in Logix also contributed to the very strong margin performance in this segment. Moving on to slide 6, Control Products & Solutions, reported sales were up 4.1% for this segment. Organic sales growth was 4.9%. Currency translation contributed 1.6%, and the 2017 divestiture reduced sales by 2.4%. Operating margin for this segment increased 60 basis points compared to Q3 last year primarily due to higher sales, another quarter of good margin performance for this segment. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services businesses in this segment was a strong 1.12 in Q3. The next slide, 7, provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this slide in his remarks, so I will just point out that for Q3, emerging markets' organic growth was up about 8%. Before I turn to guidance, let me make a couple of comments about tariffs, specifically the tariffs imposed by the U.S. on certain goods imported into the U.S. from China, which came into effect on July 6. Some of our products and components are sourced from China and are impacted by these tariffs. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we estimate the net unfavorable impact of these tariffs will be less than $0.05 of adjusted EPS. We have been and are in the process of implementing mitigating actions to further reduce the impact of these tariffs. As to tariffs that have been proposed but not yet implemented, as you know, there remains a lot of uncertainty and we're analyzing potential implications to our business, including opportunities to mitigate their impacts if they are enacted. This takes us to slide 8, guidance. As Blake mentioned, we are increasing our expected organic sales growth guidance to about 5.5%. Given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we now expect currency translation to contribute less than 2% of growth. And the sale of the business in fiscal 2017 Q4 will, of course, remain about a 1 point headwind. All-in, we continue to project sales of about $6.7 billion. We expect segment operating margin to be about 21.5%. This implies Q4 segment margin of a little below 21%. General corporate net expense is expected to be about $90 million for the full year, about $10 million to $15 million higher than our April guidance and mostly as a result of higher corporate development related costs. We believe the full year adjusted effective tax rate will now be closer to 20%, 0.5 point lower than our April guidance and mainly as a result of the favorable outcome of a recent tax audit. In June, we raised our fiscal 2018 share repurchase target to $1.5 billion and we now expect fully diluted shares outstanding to be about 127 million for fiscal 2018. We are increasing the adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.90 to $8.10. At the midpoint, this is a $0.15 increase compared to our April guidance. The increase is mainly a result of increased organic sales growth and margin performance, and to a lesser extent, a lower tax rate. Our guidance also reflects the modest headwind we expect as a result of tariffs that I covered earlier. Finally, a slightly lower share count offsets higher net interest expense resulting from the PTC transaction. At the midpoint, this represents 18% EPS growth on 6% higher reported sales, primarily due to higher sales and strong operating performance. And we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 105% of adjusted income. In summary, we had a good quarter and we expect fiscal 2018 to be another year of good financial performance for us. With that, I'll turn it back over to Blake.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Patrick. This has been an exciting quarter. I'd like to make some additional comments about our progress in executing our strategy. Please refer to slides 9 and 10. With the world's largest company focused exclusively on making industrial companies and their people more productive, we are focused on delivering profitable, above-market revenue growth to drive long-term shareowner value. Slide 9 is one you've seen before, which summarizes the three components of our growth strategy, which are share gains in our core platforms, double-digit growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services and a point or more of growth per year from acquisitions. We are delivering in each of these areas. As mentioned earlier, we grew almost 6% this quarter, with strong performance in Logix and Process. Our performance in Process includes the contribution from MAVERICK Technologies, which we acquired a couple of years ago. This acquisition is performing well and is helping us expand in process industries. Information Solutions and Connected Services grew double-digits in Q3 and these revenue streams together are approaching $300 million annually. Additionally, a strategic partnership with PTC creates the most comprehensive and flexible information software offering in the industry. This partnership enhances the differentiation of Rockwell's total portfolio and will accelerate revenue growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services. We're off to a great start with PTC, with technical and commercial teams from both organizations fully engaged. Slide 10 summarizes our balanced approach to capital allocation. As mentioned on the prior slide, driving growth through acquisitions and strategic partnerships is a key part of our strategy. We are executing on well-defined priorities, which haven't changed. We have an active pipeline of opportunities in the key areas of information software, Connected Services, Process and regional share expansion. At the same time, we remain committed to returning excess cash to shareowners, through a combination of dividends and share repurchases, enabled by our strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation. Twice in the last year, we increased our dividend by 10%. We've also increased our share repurchase target by $1 billion since the beginning of the fiscal year. In total, we are planning to return over $1.9 billion to shareowners this year. We are keenly focused on balancing strategic inorganic investment with consistent and transparent capital return. And quarters like this one give us tremendous flexibility to continue on this path. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve to start the Q&A. Steve?
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So, please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Blake, just a question on auto. So, the downturn, I imagine that was worse than what you expected. Just what do you see in – what happened in the quarter versus expectation? And then as you think about 2019, you mentioned comps are easier, but how do we think about the reemergence of growth there? Are you seeing anything structural there in terms of spending for your customers?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, auto – Rich, our auto spend has been stable for the last few quarters against in particular the last two quarters a very difficult comp. So, we get some help as those comps fade in Q4. We continue to see a lot of activity in some of the new areas of expansion for us like EV and powertrain. Particularly with EV, the number of startup companies around the world that we're engaged with as well as their tier suppliers is expanding. So, there's a fairly optimistic outlook in terms of new programs in that particular area.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Would you expect to see some growth next year?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, we'll talk about our guidance in November for 2019.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just real quick on projects. A couple months ago, you're talking about seeing larger projects or customers being more detail with their project activity. I mean what's the update there in terms as we think about growth into the end of the calendar year?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Rich, if you're talking about general project activity, including heavy industries, we are seeing some of that activity actually result in orders. We talked a little bit earlier about NioCorp which was a big mining project, and we're happy to announce that we also received a major order from Codelco, again, in mining in Latin America. They're the largest copper producer globally located in Chile. We're going to be the main automation contractor for the Chuquicamata underground mine expansion. It's a significant order. It involves a lot of our new value from things like network services and remote monitoring. So, we are seeing some of that project activity convert into orders.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass now.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Can you talk about how you're managing your supply chain with all these tariffs on whether it's electronic components and things like that? And then maybe touch on what your customers like some of these machine builders – do you have kind of a look into what their supply chain looks like? And is there any kind of disruption to the customers that they may be kind of rethinking bids or anything like that, given all the moving parts around maybe parts that they're sourcing from China?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I'll make a couple of comments on that and then Patrick might have some additional color. Rockwell has the worldwide supply chain and a manufacturing footprint and they're flexible. And a lot of our customers enjoy similar amount of flexibility in their supply chain. So at this point, speaking about Rockwell, we don't expect significant disruption to our internal operations and we don't expect a material financial impact. But the uncertainty is certainly not helpful to us or our customers. And so proactively, getting in front and looking at not only mitigation factors for the tariffs that have been enacted, as well as looking at others that are being considered, I think, it's the key thing to give us as much lead time as possible to move around things, if necessary.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We would also say, Steve, that we haven't seen any material changes yet at our customers.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last one, just on electronics. Been a lot of noise around CapEx there and varying degrees of weakness at some of the more – the heavier robot suppliers. You guys have kind of a small presence, but I think it's been growing. What did electronics do in the quarter and what's your outlook and just remind us of what percentage of the business that is?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Steve, semiconductor, as we call it, was up double-digits in the quarter, was up in every region. And at this point, it's about 5% of our global sales.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. That takes the fabs and the foundries as well as the actual downstream electronics manufacturing and it continues to be strong for us around the world.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker from UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, and good morning, all.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. I just wanted to make sure, as I look to your kind of implied fourth quarter organic growth, it looks like somewhere around 7.5%, so certainly some kind of acceleration. Given all the comments you've made around heavy industry and some of these other areas, I mean, what would you say is sort of the biggest component of driving kind of acceleration in the growth rates?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Steve, Patrick here. So we've seen good growth in heavy industry in Q3. Consumer actually did quite well as well in Q3. The big change in Q4 – and Blake alluded to that – is what's happening in automotive. Automotive has been about flat, and I call this plus or minus 5%, 6%, for three, four quarters in a row. And in Q4, we basically lapped an easier comp. And so a headwind on auto growth that we've seen of about a point, actually a little bit more than a point in Q3, goes away in Q4. And so our organic growth from 5.7% in Q3, add a little bit more than a point to that and you get close to what the implied growth rate is in Q4. So a key element is we expect easier comps in auto.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think the other comment is that we have meaningfully increased our backlog. And while some of that will go into fiscal 2019, that'll have some impact on Q4 as well.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And just a quick comment on the mix – margin impact from mix as your mix is shifting now. Can you just give us a little more color on – there are a lot of puts and takes not just at the full segment level, but intra segment, given consumer, auto, everything else you've got going on?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Just one comment, and then Patrick will add some detail. But amidst the higher growth in heavy industry, so we saw a pretty good quarter in terms of margin expansion. So we're pleased with our ability to continue to have high levels of core conversion as well as margin expansion, even with a little heavier contribution from Process and heavy industries.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Steve, your question, was that related to Q3, the outlook for the year?
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Oh yeah, outlook. No. No. No, the outlook for the year.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: For the...
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: For Q4.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: ...outlook for the – yeah. So for Q4 compared to our prior guidance, we expect a little favorable impact from mix, again, versus our prior guidance, mostly related to higher expected growth in A&S, also in Logix, part of which we've seen in the third quarter, which also explains our very strong margins in the third quarter.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman from Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Rick.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just two questions. Blake or Patrick, could you throw some color around that book-to-bill, just on a couple fronts? One is you mentioned some heavy industry projects that came in around mining. But I'm curious maybe what that book-to-bill looks like by industry, where the strength was? And then also, Blake, is there any cycle commentary around that book-to-bill and where that strength is or was in bookings?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I can make some comments about the book-to-bill. As Patrick mentioned, it was strong. It was certainly helped by some of these mining orders that we've talked about. It's going to be weighted towards heavy industries with the large Process component in there. We don't have the specific breakdown by vertical for that, but as we've been talking about, there's been a lot of activity in the planning and budgeting stages for some of these major capital projects in heavy industries. And some of them are starting to come to fruition and resulting in orders.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And any cycle commentary in terms of macro investment cycle commentary around the book-to-bill and where you're seeing that strength?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We've seen some of the mining companies announce long-planned projects that are expected to have a multiyear impact on their capacity. And even though we've seen copper dip a little bit recently, they've made decisions to increase productivity or capacity in some of these mines. So I think we're seeing really at the starting phase of some of these projects converting into orders. In general, the macro conditions are favorable.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then just as my follow-up, around Logix growth at 10%, I'm a little bit curious the strength there maybe by end market, if you can see that. Given that auto was on the softer side, that's pretty impressive Logix growth. Just curious what your take is there?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, one of the strengths of Logix is that it does a really good job across a wide variety of industries. So, of course, Logix is used in automobile and truck assembly around the world. But it's also being used in Process around the world. And so, the good growth in oil and gas in the U.S. will spur additional Logix growth, particularly with the larger processors. And so, we think that there's a healthy mix of oil and gas that's spurring some of that Logix outgrowth.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I see. Great. Very good. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. So, just sticking to the two questions. I guess my first one would be around any update on the investment or overhead spending. I think you talked before about $70 million increase for the year and sort of $45 million of that coming in the second half. Is that still the case? And, Patrick, you had called out a couple of times that the corporate cost moving up maybe as a result, so any kind of detail on that please.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. Julian, we expect our overall spend to be up between $70 million, $80 million for the full year. And for Q3, our year-over-year spend was up a little less than $25 million. We expect the Q4 spend to go up sequentially and it will be up year-over-year also by about $25 million. So basically in line with what we shared before with you. As to general corporate net, the increase there is mostly related to some of the transactions or to the large transaction that you have seen us announce in the third quarter. So specifically the PTC transaction, that's the majority of the increase in GCN.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much. And then my second question would just be around the top line. As you said, the quarter did come in better than you saw it on organic sales. It doesn't sound like it was automotive or process industries that came in above. So, was it really driven by consumer? And if you could give any color, is there demand changed as you went through the quarter in any meaningful way?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Julian, the three verticals that came in somewhat better than what we expected, one is food and beverage. I mentioned earlier that consumer had a good quarter in Q3. Food and beverage was the main driver there. And then metals and semiconductor were a little bit better than expected as well.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I just want to circle back to Steve's question on some of your Japanese discrete peers. I recognize that there are more indexed smartphone, electronics and auto. But what does that tell us about the cycle? And the spirit of the question is around the FY 2019 outlook. And you've got mid-teens growth in your systems business within CPS. So, you're not seeing overall weakness or anything like that that they are? But just under the covers, are there any concerns that you're seeing for FY 2019? And I'm just wondering is this just an end-market mix issue. Is it a geographic mix issue? Any color there would be great.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Looking at the general outlook, it remains positive with broad-based underpinning across industries and geographies. We had a strong sales quarter. We also had a very strong orders quarter, as represented by that 1.12 book-to-bill. And across regions, we're seeing optimism for the future. I think one of the particular areas around semiconductor is this continues to be a strength for us. And again in terms of actual sales as well as orders looking forward, we continue to see strength there as we expand our capabilities in that particular industry.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Okay. That's fine. And then just going back again to auto and transports, it sounds like we're hitting easier comps in 4Q, so we get that year-over-year lift. And you remain optimistic in terms of your commentary. So, if you think about all of the work around EV, self-driving, flying cars and all that stuff, and then the legacy OEMs, are we seeing pressure from sort of legacy spends offset by upticks in these new areas? And again we're seeing the OEM profitability under pressure, tariffs, et cetera. So, any additional color in terms of what you're seeing in the end market between maybe legacy versus new would be useful.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Let me first say that we don't expect significant revenue from flying cars in the foreseeable future. I will say that the uptick in transportation should be balanced between the projects both in our traditional internal combustion engine customers as well as EV and between projects as well as the MRO spend. So, we see it both contribute – the project as well as the MRO spend both contribute to a healthy business.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Just one additional comment on the auto side. We've talked about the opportunity to increase our share of the customer's spend with the new value from The Connected Enterprise. And so, in addition to the basic automation, the controller-based projects that affect both EV as well as traditional automobile manufacturing, the opportunity now accelerated with our relationship with PTC to add additional value through the information software and the associated services, that's come into fruition as we have discussions with those automobile manufacturers. So in the past, we might expected to have projects that included the controllers and the drives and the industrial components. But now, the opportunity to dramatically increase the monetization of the value we're providing at those automobile manufacturers and their tier suppliers with the software to be able to track production, to be able to monitor quality, all those things is an exciting additional opportunity that we have at customers even if they were already standardized on all of our basic control equipment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Hey. Good morning, guys. Hello. How are you doing?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: So can I ask you about China in the sense that it grew 10% in the quarter? We know you said that China will grow slightly less than 10% for FY 2018. Maybe you can talk about visibility at this point into China growth. Obviously, there's been a bunch of questions about tariffs. But China just announced a stimulus plan here earlier this year. So, do you still see broad-based growth in China and any sort of early visibility into 2019?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Let me start with a couple of comments about the current contributors to growth in China, and then Patrick might have some additional comment. So, the strength in China includes semiconductor, which we'd talked about before; oil and gas, particularly on the refining side; life sciences, which although it's still relatively small as a standalone vertical for us, continues to contribute high growth; and then water and wastewater, as China continues to build out infrastructure in that. And that obviously contributes to some of our Process as well. So, those are some of the industries that are important to us currently in China. We have not seen a dampening effect from the tariff discussion at this point.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Andy, I would just add that through three quarters, most of our verticals in China are up. And for the full year, we still expect growth in the high-single-digits, a little less than 10% in this country.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Okay. That's helpful, guys. And then responding to your comments on Europe, it did turn positive again in the quarter, but still somewhat lethargic, up 1%. You mentioned that heavy industries haven't come back yet there. What do you think that is? And do you worry a little bit more about that region here towards the end of this fiscal year and as we go into 2019?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: The primary story in EMEA for us has been the weak automotive growth and we continue to look at strength in consumer in Europe as encouraging. We're pleased that our performance in the emerging European markets continue to show higher than average growth, but automotive is still the primary story in Europe.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would just add, Andy, that for oil and gas, we haven't seen the pickup yet in the North Sea, where it's more expensive to extract. And so, we haven't seen that pickup there as we've seen, for example, in the U.S. for oil and gas.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: That's helpful, guys. Thanks.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, my first question I guess maybe just focused on the implied 4Q guidance, and I'm really kind of thinking about how you get to the high end of the range for 4Q. It looks like, to Steve's comment earlier, you've got about 7.5% organic growth in there. The restructuring actions that you took last year should reverse I would assume in this fourth quarter. And then on top of that, are you guys thinking a 40% to 50% type incremental margin? Just any color on that would be helpful.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, if you exclude the restructuring charges, Joe, for the fourth quarter, we expect earnings conversion of about 30%, 35%. And so another way you can think about it is Q4 margins versus Q3. I mentioned early that for Q4, we expect segment margin to be a little less than 21%. We expect the benefit of higher sales versus Q3. You heard me say earlier that spend is going to be up – our investment spending, I should say, will be up. Mix is always sequentially a slight negative in the fourth quarter, given the typical pickup we see in solutions and services. And then I mentioned earlier that we'll see a modest headwind related to some of our input cost, the tariffs that I referred to earlier as well.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful, Patrick. And maybe if I can just touch on that point. I know you'll give a lot more color in November on 2019, but is there anything you can tell us about what you expect the tariffs impact? And also, is there incremental spending that you're expecting as well for 2019, just given how good growth has been?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Just one comment, and I think it's the obvious one. And we're an American company, and America is by far our largest market. And we do think that we and our customers can compete and win around the world. So, when government action is necessary, we favor a strategic approach that aligns us with our allies. But to your specific question, America is by far our largest market, and we certainly don't expect any of this to have a dampening effect on the number of facilities in America that require our offerings.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Joe, I'm not getting into fiscal 2019 and what tariffs might amount to or spending. That's something that we'll share with everyone in November.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you both.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking our questions. This is Kristen on for Noah. I just wanted to ask a little bit about the PTC relationship. Forward-looking, how does that change your views on planning investments in software and analytics? And where do you see any gaps in that portfolio now?
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, as we mentioned before, Kristen, that we believe that we have the most comprehensive, flexible information software offering in the industry. So we're very happy with what we can offer customers today. We were already growing at double-digits in the Information Solutions and Connected Services area. This will accelerate that growth to help customers unlock even more productivity. We continue to invest in these areas. We've had artificial intelligence offerings for a while. Those will be incorporated with additional enhancements into the combined offering that we'll offer customers that will take the best of what PTC and Rockwell have. So we continue to invest organically in these areas as well. But this brings us at speed to having such a strong offering that we can provide today because it's a fast-growing area and we think we have the opportunity to be a first-mover at many of these customers and in many of these industries.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: And then if I could follow-up on that, Steve, I think you mentioned that some of the incremental corporate expense is going towards the development from that relationship. Can you shed a little bit more color on that? Is that sales? Is that technology development? Just a little color on that.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, the expenses I was referring to in general corporate net are really related to the actual transaction rather than ongoing expenses. We will have some ongoing expenses associated with PTC. We're adding some sales resources. We also shared with investors that we're working on a common technology roadmap. So, we're making some investments there. But that is not part of GCN. That is part of ongoing investments that we're making now and we'll be making next year.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think the additional comment about our spend is with the relationship with PTC, it allows us to focus our spend on the differentiated value. And an example that we've used before is augmented reality. We think augmented reality has a lot of good valuable applications in production environments. But having the relationship with a top supplier with a strong offering keeps us from having to invest resources and having another offering that may or may not be differentiated. So, it allows us to focus on areas that are the most prioritized in terms of differentiating the combined offering.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: That's very helpful. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Justin Bergner from Gabelli & Co. Please go ahead.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Oh. Good morning, Blake. Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: In regards to the strength in your Architecture & Software business, I mean you spoke about the consumer strength in food and beverage and seems like the fourth quarter anticipates the carry forward of that strength. Maybe if you could just provide a little bit more color on what's driving the strength in Architecture & Software and the sustainability of that strength versus sort of your expectations earlier in the year?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think some of it goes back to what Blake referred to earlier, our largest business in that segment, includes our Logix business. And you will find our Logix product and software across all industries, where they are discrete or Process. And so, with the pickup in some of the heavy industry that we're seeing, besides good growth in consumer, we see that reflected in Architecture & Software. And that business is more exposed to heavy industries within Architecture & Software than, for example, motion or our sensing business in that segment. And so, it also leads to a somewhat favorable mix that you see reflected in the margins of that segment.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think the additional comment is that all of our products and offerings really contribute to bringing The Connected Enterprise to life. And so, as that strategy continues to find favor with customers, it's going to raise the overall offering because those products from A&S and from CP&S all contribute the data that ultimately is turned into useful information and supports the growth of some of the new areas of value, the information software and those high value services. So, it brings it all up as customers endorse that idea of connecting their enterprise.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on that. I mean the Information Solutions and Connected Services revenue, that $300 million, is that disproportionately weighted towards Architecture & Software versus CP&S? Or is it split pretty much pro rata versus the sales split?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Today, it's a little bit split more towards Control Products & Solutions than it is Architecture & Software.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you. Your...
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Etzel for closing remarks.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Actually, Blake is going to make a few comments, and then we'll wrap up.
Blake Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So just to summarize, we're very happy with the progress that we've made in the quarter to bring The Connected Enterprise to life. We saw a strong growth in all areas and we're also happy with the strong operating performance that gives us a lot of excitement about our future.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. With that, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter. So please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. This was another good quarter for us. As we expected, organic growth was up 3.5%. From a vertical perspective, heavy industries performed well and grew above the company average in the quarter, led by growth in oil and gas, mining, metals and semiconductor. Consumer grew above the company average as well. Transportation declined in Q2 on tough year-over-year comps. Through the first half of the year, automotive was down a little more than 5%. Sequentially, our global automotive business was up in Q2. Revenue associated with Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent new value from the Connected Enterprise once again grew double-digits. From a regional perspective, growth was again fairly broad based. The U.S., our largest market, grew 3.6% organically. We saw a good growth in heavy industries partially offset by softness in automotive. Oil and gas grew double-digits in the U.S. for the second quarter in a row. EMEA was down about 1% in the quarter. Asia grew about 4%. China sales were up in line with the company average. China had very strong orders performance in Q2. Latin America was up over 15% led by strength in Mexico and Brazil. I'll make a few additional comments about our performance. Logix was up 5% organically in Q2 compared to last year, including strong growth in CompactLogix, which has grown double-digits six quarters in a row. Our Process business delivered another good quarter and was up about 9% year-over-year. We are pleased with our financial performance in the quarter. Adjusted EPS was up 22% and free cash flow was very strong. In the first half of the fiscal year, organic sales grew 4.4%, adjusted EPS grew 17%, segment operating margins were up 150 basis points year-over-year and free cash flow conversion was 108%. This is very good financial performance for the first half of the year. Patrick will elaborate on our second quarter financial performance in his remarks. I want to spend a minute talking about our investment and capital deployment priorities. Our first priority is to invest in our business to drive organic growth. In January, we described the types of investments we would be making to accelerate profitable growth and increased long-term differentiation. We're ramping up a number of these investments. For example, software development and commercial resources to fuel the growth of our Information Solutions and Connective Services offerings, accelerated investments to expand our Process capabilities, a new electric vehicle center of excellence to be co-located with one of our software development teams based in San Jose, California, and investments in facilities as well as technology, training and benefits to enhance employee engagement globally. On the topic of capital deployment, I'm pleased to report that this morning we announced a 10% dividend increase. This is the second increase in the last 12 months. This increase reflects our confidence in the Connected Enterprise strategy and our ability to deliver sustainable cash generation. Let's move on now to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2018. The global manufacturing environment remains favorable and macroeconomic indicators are positive. We believe that we are in the early stages of a manufacturing expansion cycle and we will benefit from the very broad array of industries that we serve. Our customers are focused on driving productivity in their operations, which quite simply is our mission. Turning to guidance. We continue to expect our fiscal 2018 organic sales to be up 5% year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance and expect full year reported sales to be about $6.7 billion. Consistent with our January guidance, we expect that heavy industries will be the largest growth driver followed by consumer. Transportation will be flat to down a little for the fiscal year. Taking into account our strong first half results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.70 to $8. Patrick will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Patrick, let me add a few closing comments. As I mentioned before, we grew double-digits in Information Solutions and Connected Services in Q2. On Monday of this week, we announced significantly enhanced capabilities in our FactoryTalk analytics platform. This is software that turns production data into actionable information that drives productivity, a sizable part of the investments that I mentioned earlier are targeted in this space. This offering is enhanced by a very strong network of partners. We are expanding our Academy of Advanced Manufacturing, which is training veterans for smart manufacturing jobs. The second class graduated this week and graduates are going to work at manufacturers throughout the U.S. For example, five of these veterans will be starting work at an electric vehicle startup in Illinois. I also want to highlight an important recognition we received this quarter. As you have heard me say many times, the dedication of our employees, partners and suppliers makes a different set of customers and is the key to our success. It's not only what they do, but how they do it that helps drive business results and value for our stakeholders. That's why I was so pleased when we, for the 10th time, received the Ethisphere Award naming Rockwell Automation as one of the world's most ethical companies. This recognition is a testament to our strong culture of integrity. With that, I'll turn it over to Patrick. Patrick?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I'll start on slide 4, which provides our key financial information for the second quarter. As Blake mentioned, we had a solid quarter of the fiscal year with reported sales up 6.2%, organic growth was in line with our expectations at 3.5%, currency translation contributed 3.9 points of sales growth and the fiscal 2017 Q4 divestiture reduced sales by 1.2 points. Segment operating margin was 20.9%, up 190 basis points compared to last year. A margin tailwind from organic growth, good productivity performance and lower incentive compensation was partly offset by higher investment spending. General corporate net expense of $18 million was down $3 million compared to last year. That's normal variability and timing of corporate costs. Adjusted EPS of $1.89 was up $0.34 compared to the second quarter of last year, an increase of 22%. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is mainly the result of strong operating performance. Free cash flow was very strong in the quarter, $359 million or 148% of adjusted income. A few additional items to cover, not shown on the slide. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 128.5 million, down 1.8 million from last year. We repurchased two-and-a-half million shares in the quarter at a cost of $465 million. Through March 31st, we are a little ahead of pace to get to the $1.2 billion full year target we shared with you last quarter. At March 31st, we had $935 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. And finally, our second quarter fiscal 2018 GAAP results reflect an $11.5 million adjustment to the provisional tax charges that we took in our first quarter related to the Tax Act. As I mentioned on the call last quarter, we are excluding tax charges related to the Tax Act from adjusted EPS. Slide 5 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had about 7% sales growth. Organic sales were up 2.5% year-over-year and currency translation increased sales by 4.4%. You will recall that last year, this segment had an exceptional second quarter with about 14% organic sales growth, so certainly a tough quarter to lap. For the quarter, segment margin expanded 190 basis points year-over-year to 28.4%. Margin tailwind from higher sales, good productivity and lower incentive compensation was partially offset by higher investment spending. Moving on to slide 6, Control Products & Solutions, reported sales were up 5.7% for this segment. Organic sales growth was 4.4%. Currency translation contributed 3.6% and the 2017 divestiture reduced sales by 2.3%. Organic growth in our solutions and services businesses in this segment came in at 6%. Growth in the product businesses in this segment was similar to the Architecture & Software segment growth on an organic basis. Operating margin for this segment increased 180 basis points compared to Q2 last year, primarily due to higher sales, good productivity and lower incentive compensation expense; another quarter of good margin performance for this segment. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services business in this segment was 1.08 in Q2 following an exceptionally strong 1.2 in Q1 and 1.17 a year ago. The next slide, 7, provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this slide in his remarks. So I will just point out that for Q2, emerging markets organic growth was up about 7% and for the first half of fiscal 2018 we saw broad-based growth across all regions. Before I turn to guidance, let me make a couple of comments about the recently announced tariffs, some of which have little to no impact on our business and some of which we're still reviewing. With regards to Section 232 tariffs on steel and aluminum enacted in March 2018, we do not buy large quantities of commodities including steel or aluminum. While we have seen increases in the price of steel and aluminum in anticipation of these tariffs, the impact of these tariffs on our input costs is immaterial to our overall results. Similarly, the tariffs implemented by China in early April do not impact our products. The other group of tariffs relate to certain goods imported into the U.S. from China that have been proposed by the U.S. following the Section 301 investigation as well as the additional tariffs that China has proposed on U.S. goods imported into China. As you know, these tariffs have not been enacted yet and there remains a lot of uncertainty about the particulars of what may be implemented including any exemptions. We're analyzing the potential implications to our business including opportunities that may be available to mitigate impacts of these tariffs, should they get enacted. Given the fluid nature of the matter, however, it is too soon to discuss any specifics. This takes us to slide 8, the guidance. We continue to project sales of about $6.7 billion with organic sales growth within a range of 3.5% to 6.5%. Our assumptions for currency remain largely the same. We continue to expect the tailwind from currency translation to be about 2% and the sale of the business in fiscal 2017 of course will remain about a 1 point headwind to sales. Our organic growth guidance of about 5% of the midpoint implies that the organic growth in the second half of fiscal 2018 will be about 5.5% compared to 4.4% organic growth in the first half of fiscal 2018. The expected increase of organic growth in the second half compared to the first half of the fiscal year is driven by higher expected growth rates in our solutions and services businesses, and to a much lesser extent, by higher backlogs in our product businesses at the end of Q2. We continue to expect segment operating margin to be a bit below 21.5%. First half segment margin was a bit above that and as we increased investments, we expect segment margin in the second half to be about 21%. This implies full year core earnings conversion of about 35%, consistent with our November and January guidance. General corporate net expense is expected to be between $75 million and $80 million for the full year. We believe the full year adjusted effective tax rate will now be closer to 20.5%. 0.5 point lower than our January guidance. We continue to target about $1.2 billion in share repurchases for fiscal 2018 and now expect fully diluted shares outstanding to be about $127.5 million for fiscal 2018. We are increasing the adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.70 to $8. At the midpoint, this is a $0.10 increase compared to our January guidance. This reflects our strong first half performance and the favorable tax rate and share count compared to our January guidance. At the midpoint, this represents 16% year-over-year EPS growth on 6% higher reported sales, primarily due to strong operating performance. And finally, we now expect free cash flow conversion for fiscal 2018 to be about 105%. In summary, we had another solid quarter and we expect fiscal 2018 to be another year of good financial performance for us. With that, we'll move to Q&A. Steve.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Blake, on auto, so flat to down a bit here in the first half, expect flat for the year, flat to slightly down for overall transportation. What kind of visibility are you starting to build for 2019? It looks like from a launch standpoint at least in North America, a number of launches for the Detroit based manufacturers goes up pretty significantly in calendar 2019. So just wanted to get your thoughts on when you would start to see some of the revenue benefit from that?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think the outlook for 2019, for both traditional automotive as well as electric vehicle, continues to look positive. So we saw a return to MRO spend in the traditional business in Q2. We had mentioned some comments of concerns at the end of Q1, and we saw those more traditional levels restored. And then from some of the commitments that we've received in the quarter, 2019 is shaping up to be generally positive for us.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And would that apply both to tire and auto, or how would you...?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: There's been some good activity in tire as well. If we talk about North America, I would say, the particular area of activity for 2019 has been in the electric vehicles side, in terms of new commitments and that's really around the world. We've seen some important projects that we've been named on in China as well as in the U.S.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on Europe, so down and look like project timing, how should we think about kind of cadence of organic growth here for the next couple of quarters, face some tougher comparisons in the second half, anything, I guess maybe Patrick, you could help on with regards to cadence of organic growth?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Rich, is that specific to Europe or just in general?
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, in general and then just a comment on Europe would be helpful.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I'll start with Europe. So Europe was down about 1 point in the second quarter, and obviously, we had a tough comp in Europe. Europe was up about 12% last year and what we see is the timing of some of the projects that create some noise. With respect to timing of organic growth for the balance of the year for the whole company, we think that the year-over-year growth will be somewhat similar in Q3 and in Q4, maybe little bit more weighted in the fourth quarter of the year, but I don't expect big differences in overall growth rates Q3 versus Q4, maybe a little overweighed in Q4.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, Rich, if I can add as well. We did see some moderate sequential growth through the quarter, and then from Q1 to Q2 as we mentioned, the automotive shipments did see sequential growth.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you talk about the competitive environment a bit. There's been some – obviously ABB kind of moved in and stoked up their discrete presence. Are you seeing anything there globally where there were B&R or some of the smaller guys are becoming more effective; any change there?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Not really. I mean as we've talked about before, B&R was a good competitor when they were independent. ABB will be continue to be a strong competitor with B&R, but we're not seeing any wholesale change in terms of the competitive environment based on the combination.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then I guess with the start to the year, I mean to get to high end of the range it seems like you need a pretty significant pickup in the second half. How should we about that? I mean was there any thought to kind of taking off the high end of the range on sales given the start to the year even though the EPS moves up obviously because of better margins and little bit of tax. It just seems like that's – or is that what you're seeing in your business. You still think there's a shot at getting to that high end of the range?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: As the mix is biasing towards heavy industries, heavy industries has greater exposure to projects and those are going to come in in a more lumpy fashion. We've seen good book-to-bill over the last couple of quarters. If we see some projects large for us, that could come any time. And so when those projects come and when we start to recognize revenue from those projects, could have a significant impact on the end of the year. So that's why we have that baked into the high-end of that range.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. One last one. What is your auto guidance for the year on growth, organic, for auto global?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Flat to slightly down, Steve.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for the detail.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Just back a little bit, maybe a different take on kind of the competitive environment question. Obviously, you've invested a fair amount in Connected Enterprise, and you'd mentioned a couple of things today, but I wonder if you – just kind of re-evaluating the landscape, you know the approach of kind of us and our friends are, are you leaving too much of your growth upside to your friends and partners? Do you need to tweak what you're doing or how you're doing? I'm sure this is an evolutionary process, something you don't wake up in the morning and say, yeah, we need to shift gears, but is there, Blake, any evolution in your thinking on how to competitively address the market?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Jeff, I think it's a good question and I think evolution is the way to look at it in that. We're constantly evaluating given the pace of the technology changes, what we need to do, what is core to us versus what we can provide a more robust solution to our customers by partnering and obviously acquisitions are a part of that as well. So things that maybe 10 years ago we thought would be something best left to partners or things that we might be looking at more as a part of what our core capabilities need to be going forward in terms of technology as well as expertise. And so we're constantly looking at that. What that doesn't mean is that we think we need to have a single monolithic closed approach to having every application that our customers might need and every bit of expertise because we don't think anybody is going to have best-in-brand top to bottom there. So to be able to provide the best solution, to provide an open framework for our customers to be able to accommodate existing installed base as well as what they might need in the future to take advantage of small nimble companies that have good ideas that can fit into our framework, that's still very much a part of our strategy but we're constantly evaluating what we need to own versus what we need to partner with and those partners again are going to be a combination of big well-known names like Microsoft as well as smaller companies that have good ideas that can fit into our system and can take advantage of our market access.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Will it follow from that that the size of your M&A would increase though, that you have a small vertical bolt-on even I'd put MAVERICK in that category, right gives you chemical, is that still the game plan or do you think the size of what you need to do or want to do is increasing?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I'd say if you look at our funnel, it's increased both in terms of the range including some larger, larger acquisitions than we might have thought about before as well as the number and in particular our focus areas. So we talked about our priorities for acquisition, the Information Solutions, Connected Services, increasing access in some of the emerging markets. We're looking first at the strategic fit and then we're looking at the financial impact and we're very active in that area of the company.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Line is open.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Blake, you made a comment, just said in your prepared remarks that we're in the early stages of the manufacturing cycle. How is this playing out? I mean, based on your experience at least, things seem a little bit weird or a little bit slow for this time in the cycle, meaning I know auto will probably hurt you 100 basis points or so, but even if you back that out growth maybe 4.5%, doesn't really feel like an up cycle in a traditional way. And I think as Steve Tusa noted, you need to pick up in the back half of the year to hit your growth numbers. So my question really is, do you see it in your order books in a real way, in your customer commentary that this indeed is an up cycle or are your comments more based on macro data?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think there's a combination of factors that we triangulate to arrive at that outlook. First of all, our business, over a long period of time ever since I've been in business, is correlated to industrial production. And obviously industrial production forecasts will change when you get to the actuals, but if you look at the actual IP over decades, it's correlated pretty well to our growth where our growth is a multiple of that. IP, particularly in the U.S. is that the highest rate that it's been at in years. Now, the mix by vertical is certainly changing. There's no question that auto has moderated from what growth rates we saw last year, but again we're seeing a positive program commits, as the industry transforms to one that's more weighted to EV, then it's going to be volatile. And everybody starting from a small base so run rates and growth quarter-to-quarter is going to be less meaningful than in a mature business. So from a macro standpoint, we see positive signs. In terms of our order book and our backlog, Patrick mentioned before, we had a historically high book-to-bill in Q1. We had good book-to-bill in this quarter. We're chasing projects, we think that are very reasonable, that are good fits for our capabilities, but the mix is changing. And so you're going to see more on the heavy industry side, amidst the fundamentals of consumer and then I've talked before about transportation. From a regional standpoint, emerging markets, high-single-digits, we still see that, that piece is playing out as the growth of the middle class creates demand for things that we're good at helping manufacturers produce, consumer, automotive and then there's obviously semiconductor and other heavy industries that are strengthening. So from a variety of directions, that gives us confidence that we are in the early stages, but I agree with you Scott about the weirdness of this. I mean capital with our customers has still remained on the sidelines compared to some of the historic ratios. And where we think that our fundamental mission of helping them increase productivity whether they have in their minds large capital projects or not, we're still in our wheelhouse to be able to help them be able to save money and time.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Yeah. Makes sense. And then just as a follow-up and it doesn't need to be a long follow-up, but electric vehicles from what you sell, particularly given that you're not huge in the drive train historically. I mean, they don't seem to be that different from a Rockwell perspective. So, what do you think requires you to kind of separate out in a center of excellence and plop yourself in the middle of kind of the action, if you will. And do you think it really is a different market for you that you need to approach differently in some way shape or form, or is this just a way to showcase your capabilities a little bit closer to maybe some of the upstarts or startups, et cetera?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: You know, Scott, a lot of the manufacturing processes are the same. I mean assembly, paint, trim and chassis, those are very similar. Whether it's traditional automotive or it's EV, obviously you have the battery, fabrication, the winding that's different. I think what prompts us to create a center of excellence is the nature of the companies. These are startup companies. And while a lot of them have veterans that they've poached away from traditional manufacturers, these are smaller companies and they know that they have to differentiate not only in their technology, but in their business models. And to be able to embed ourselves in that flow of ideas is a big part of what prompted us to open this center of our excellence.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Very fair. Good luck, guys. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Winoker with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, and good morning all. Hey, I just wanted to follow-up on the – given the Process and other growth and heavy industry growth you're talking about versus auto, et cetera, can you maybe just once again quantify the impact of that as you're looking into the second half on margin, just the margin mix impact of the relative vertical growth?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Steve, your second half compared to the first half or second half?
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. So in other words, just as Process continues to outgrow the other areas in heavy industry, my understanding is that that profit weighs a little bit more there and I know you've got solutions and services picking up. So just looking for kind of the margin mix impact of the various growth rates within the segment, sort of all rolled up.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: For the back half of the year, you can think, it might be a few tenths of a point negative from the overall company perspective.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: As we've modeled out longer-term the growth process to be sure it has additional labor content in it which is going to be a little less margin rich. On the other hand, when those customers are buying hardware and then they're doing the integration or the VARs are doing the integration into complete solutions, it tends to use a lot of large processors. And so the margin contribution of that when it's sold as products is actually pretty good. So we see, as Patrick said, some dilution if the mix were to change completely over, but there's some puts and takes there.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. And Steve to Blake's point, it's one of the reasons that within the Architecture & Software segment which was up 2.5% in the quarter, Logix did actually much better than that. It was up about 5%, because it has a much better exposure across industries including heavy industries.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then as a second topic on the follow-up. Just getting back to kind of your overall kind of capital deployment, you mentioned the second dividend increase in the last 12 months, but still sitting on that cash, still obviously a lot overseas, but tax changes, you talked with Jeff about increasing M&A to some extent, but I would still – even if it's number and size of deals, I would make the assumption, it's not outside kind of the long-term Rockwell capital deployment approach. So what can you do or maybe if not feel a need to, but to maybe take up capital deployment especially, if you feel like we're at the early stages of an industrial expansion?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think Steve, a couple of things. One, Blake mentioned that in the pipeline, we have larger type deals than what we have done in the past. We have – in terms of capital deployments in January we did increase substantially the target per share repurchases for this year from $500 million to $1.2 billion and as we just announced today, we're increasing the dividend. And so, I think it's fair to say that we've already significantly increased the amount of capital we're deploying. We've already said that if there is tax reform, we have access to the excess non-U.S. cash, then we would redeploy that over a period of 18 months to 24 months. And I think that we're in the process of doing so. And we want to be careful because if we see an attractive opportunity to deploy capital, we want to keep all the flexibility and doing the share repurchase over a period of time provides us that flexibility.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. We still remain primarily an organic growth story. We think that the Connected Enterprise value proposition which really brings strengths from all parts of the company together remains as vibrant as ever, but we're going to use all of our strengths and some of that is going to be our strong financial position as well.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: All right. But it sounds like based on those numbers that you wouldn't be surprised in a year from now certainly to just be well within a kind of you know normal net debt position from here given all of that?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think over a period of say 18 months to 24 months that is not unreasonable.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great thanks. I'll hand it off.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. I just wanted to circle back to this notion that you're sort of ramping up investments because I guess the SG&A is down year-on-year in Q2. Your CapEx I think in the first half is down high-teens year-on-year and your incremental margins moved up a bunch in Q2 even with the top-line slowing. So I realize there's a lot of moving parts in each of those buckets, but could you maybe quantify it all, how much let's say R&D is going up or what kind of higher investment spend in dollars you're referring to?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So Julian you mentioned SG&A. When we talk investments, a lot of our investments go towards research and development. Our R&D expenses are not part of SG&A. They sit in gross profit. And if you look at our at our gross profit performance, you see that there's not been a big change there in the gross profit margin and one of the reasons is, is that our R&D spending has actually gone up in that area. From an overall spend point of view, you may have heard us talk in the past about a $2 billion-ish base of overhead spending. For the full year, we're targeting about a 3.5% increase, which is about $70 million. We've seen a $70 million increase year-over-year. Of that $70 million, we've seen about a third in the first half of the year and so the other two-thirds we projected that's included in our guidance will happen in the back half of the year.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thank you. And then my follow-up, I guess, would be around what you're seeing in China. A bunch of your discrete automation peers, I think, had really high growth numbers there in the March quarter. You all have slowed down, I think, despite an easier comp. So maybe just talk a little bit about what you saw there in revenues and then also orders. Is that where some of those large projects that you think may hit your P&L in the second half coming in, is it in China? Maybe just some color on that market.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Some of those big projects are in fact in China. So, in Q2 the growth that we saw was driven by a diverse range of industries that included consumer, semiconductor, water treatment, chemical, metals. So it was across the spectrum. I would say maybe the most important story in China was the very strong order development there and that included projects as well as flow business. A couple of examples that we can talk about is a particular electric vehicle manufacturer gave us a pair of multimillion dollar orders; one for their Chinese operations, one for new facility in the U.S. with our MES software. So this fits squarely in that new value from the Connected Enterprise and our software orders that obviously have associated maintenance and support along with that and that really differentiates us from some of those other discrete suppliers in the industry that we can link the real-time control hardware with the information software and services that helps them get even greater productivity. There's some other projects that we're chasing in heavy industries in China and so, I would characterize the outlook of our people in China as quite positive and again it's across a variety of industries.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And so in China, you think you should grow what's slightly above the company average this year then?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. A little below 10% for the full year.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Julian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So heavy industries as you know a lot of different end markets within heavy industries. Would you say what gives you confidence in the second half pickup in organic growth that you talked about? Is that you're seeing broad-based growth in heavy industries, whether it's oil and gas, semicon, mining? Maybe you could give us a little bit more color on different markets within heavy industries, and if any of those markets are actually picking up, as we speak?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. Andy, in my comments, I referred to the higher growth second half versus the first half of the year. And I referred to higher growth rates particularly in our solutions and services businesses. One of the reasons why we have a good level of comfort with that is that a lot of that already sits in our backlog at the end of March. As you know our solutions and services businesses tend to run at about a six months backlog and so we have a little bit more visibility in those businesses for the back half of the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, obviously there is some concern regarding short cycle growth momentum slowing down. So, maybe Blake or Patrick, you could tell us what your distributors are telling you. Have they seen any slowdown in orders with the cadence of the month within the quarter. Did you see generally steady growth. Are they doing any sort of destocking, any color you can provide would be helpful.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think the feedback from the distributors matching what we're seeing in our results is general sequential improvement through the quarter.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And looking for another good year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Easy enough guys. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Noah Kaye, your line is open. Next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks very much. Thanks very much. Good morning. And a nice performance on the operating line. At the same time, we had FX as a pretty significant contributor to revenue. So I was wondering what the impact to margins was from FX. Was it dilutive, accretive, how to think about that?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It had no impact on segment margins, Noah. It had an EPS benefit, but it had no impact on segment margin in the quarter versus prior year.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. So that's pure operational improvement. Great. And then you know I think you've been asked about the M&A pipeline a couple of different ways, but I guess we would just like to understand. What is sort of a reasonable expectation for full year acquisition spending amount. Obviously, a little bit like to start the year, but you commented to a very healthy and expanding pipeline.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. We targeted in our overall sources of revenue growth, 1 point or more a year from acquisitions. And then obviously, as I mentioned, it's going to be predicated first on the strategic fit, and then we'd look at the financial impact. So over a period of time, 1 point or more of growth. You'll see some years that might be less than that. You'll see other years that will be considerably more as we move forward, but it's an active pipeline. I've talked about the diversity of what's in that pipeline. There's also diversity in terms of what's getting close and what's a little bit further out. So you have now near and far planning out, and that's what we want. We want to charge that pipe so that there's a steady stream of opportunities that are maturing going forward.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Joseph Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, my first question. I know it's not a huge end market for you, electronics, but I'd be curious to hear any commentary that you have on just intra-quarter what you're seeing on trends. It's been an end market that some other folks have flagged as being pretty choppy. So I'm curious to hear your commentary there.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Well, starting with the headline; we expect double-digit growth in semiconductor for the year. They're investing a lot. We have a good solution there, particularly when you look at the software, that's being used for overall supervisory control, building management type of applications. It's been big for a long time in Asia and some of the orders we saw in China were associated with the semiconductor facilities in the last quarter, but the impact is beyond Asia as well. And so we're seeing Europe, for instance, having contribution from semicon as well. It's about 5% of our business, but at those growth rates, I look at it as somewhat similar to life sciences. And that when you have those large growth rates, they can have an impact on our overall results and we have some highly differentiated solutions there.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Sure. That makes sense, Blake. Maybe following on, one for Patrick. Just in thinking about the repatriation timing, Patrick maybe you can give us an update on what you're seeing on being able to repatriate the cash that's abroad and should we be thinking about roughly a $2 billion number that will ultimately come back to the U.S.? Any color there would be helpful.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. So far this year we have repatriated about $900 million of cash. That's why you see a reduction in our short-term debt and of course some of that we've redeployed through share repurchases. By the end of this fiscal year – or no, later than the end of this fiscal year, we expect our short-term debt to be close or at zero. The $2.4 billion of excess non-U.S. cash is going to take us, what we said in January, a little bit over a year to bring it all back home. And so some of it will take us into early 2019. And as I said earlier on the call, our expectation is to redeploy it over an 18 months to 24 months period because it provides us a lot of flexibility to do it over the period of time.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got you. Thanks, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Tristan in for Joe. Thanks for taking the question. I personally believe that it's difficult to identify historic changes if you live through them. So with that in mind, how do you know – how will we know when Industrie 4.0 evolution is complete? Would be interested in your take on that.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I would say for Industrie 4.0 or a customer's journey to their Connected Enterprise, China Manufacturing 2025, all these different terms for integrating control on information. Important principle to keep in mind is that a customer is never done with that. They all embark on that journey at different stages of maturity. So some still needed to put basic automation building blocks in place or update decades old technology. Others have that fundamental real-time control on information and they're looking to integrate additional productivity tools in their enterprise, but wherever they start, that journey doesn't end. There's low-hanging fruit to be sure. I mean we see when we're providing for instance remote monitoring for customers that they can reduce unplanned downtime by as much as 50%, others have more modest goals. So they might be around more rapid startup and so on, but you're never done. Now, looking at the maturity and how it impacts our results in terms of those concepts, we are seeing the move that we talked about before as we go from pilots to more enterprise customer engagement. So people have tried, let's say, pilots. They've gotten confidence that they can save money with some of these concepts and they're moving it out to larger deployments. And so we're seeing the number of customers that are looking at multi-site rollouts of these technologies and services increasing.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then if I can follow-up on this and your investment in The Hive, what do you think is the biggest barrier to manufacturers adopting AI?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So well in terms of taking advantage of AI, I think because manufacturing is largely installed base, very few manufacturers have the luxury of starting with a clean sheet of paper. So they're dealing with older technology that's running their facilities and as they upgrade, they have opportunities to implement new, new techniques. I think that another challenge is the way that the effective use of artificial intelligence spans multiple organizational silos within a company. So you have the expertise on the plant floor that knows how the operation should run, it knows the traditional sources of downtime and lost productivity in those operations and then you have the IT world that understands these new tools. And being able to bridge that world to converge IT and OT is really the biggest opportunity for these companies to take advantage of both the technology as well as the expertise. One is not effective without the other.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Your line is open.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, two questions. First just maybe you can talk a little bit about your regional sales. I mean obviously the organic growth in LATAM was strong and off at a reasonable base. But, could you talk about like areas where you're probably getting some share gain versus some share challenge? And maybe you can overlay it with a comment about the Logix growth rate?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So we see in general a continued path to share gains in our core products and we've talked about products like Logix and our View, Stratix network switches, Kinetix Motion Control and PowerFlex drives, those have been on a pretty steady upward tick in terms of the shares we triangulate what we report, what our competitors report, what the industry reporting companies tell us. While we watch that fluctuations on a quarterly basis, obviously share is fairly volatile in that respect. It's also a lagging indicator. So you don't get a real good information in the real-time, but we think our share is improving. When we see the kinds of growth that we're seeing in places like Latin America, we think there's no question that we're taking share. Indicators tell us that we're continuing to notch up the share in the U.S. So we feel comfortable that what we are selling and the market access is differentiated.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And there's a follow-up. I just want to kind of turn kind of the excellent capital allocation questions up to 11% here. I mean you've got a pretty significant market break in your stock. You've turned down a pretty material bid, higher from another company. You have a view of what your peak earnings could be and what your stock is worth and that at these prices given the market break, it could be 40% to 50% higher. Why wouldn't you consider being more aggressive deployment of capital on an accelerated basis to maybe buy back 10% of the company?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So Rob, we're going to see fluctuations over near-term in the stock price, but I'll go back some of the comments from last fall that remain true today, a few months later. First of all, our strategy is working. The Connected Enterprise strategy and bringing that to life for customers is bringing them value and we're seeing growth from that. Second, as you point out, we do have the strength to use our balance sheet to create additional value for shareholders, and as Patrick said, there's a variety of ways that we can do that. Our first priority is around improving the long-term differentiation of the company and to support the organic growth. We have an active acquisition pipeline and we do expect to use more of our capital than we have in the past in that respect. And then we've already increased the share repurchase. We just increased the dividend today and so we do intend to do that, but we're not going to lurk into a new strategy because the strategy is working and we're bringing long-term value. And we think that's borne out by the superior value creation that we've provided over a variety of past looking measures. Thanks a lot.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks for your time. All right. Thank you.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steven Etzel - VP of IR & Treasury Blake Moret - Chairman, President & CEO Patrick Goris - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Vladimir Bystricky - Citigroup Joshua Pokrzywinski - Wolfe Research Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co. Tristan Margot - Cowen and Company Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steven Etzel: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. We had a good start to fiscal 2018. Organic growth was just above 5%, which was in line with our expectations. Continuing the trend we saw last quarter, growth was again broad-based across the regions. From a vertical perspective, Heavy Industries performed well and were up high single digits in the quarter, including good growth in oil and gas, chemicals, semiconductor and metals. Consumer was about flat. Transportation was weaker than we expected with Automotive down about 5%. From a regional perspective, the U.S., our largest market, grew over 5% organically. We saw good growth in Heavy Industries, partially offset by softness in the Automotive and Consumer verticals. Oil and gas grew double digits. EMEA was up 5%, a continuation of the good growth we saw in the fourth quarter. Sales to OEM machine builders remained strong. In Asia, we saw a double-digit growth in China. India was about flat, and Japan and Korea were down. Recall that Asia was up 20% in Q1 last year, so certainly a tough comparison. Latin America grew 8.5% led by Heavy Industries and Consumer. I'll make a few additional comments about the quarter. Logix was up 6% compared to last year. Our Process business continues to do well and was up 12% year-over-year organically. This includes the results of our MAVERICK acquisition, which is now included in organic sales. Adjusted EPS was up 12%, reflecting solid operating performance. Patrick will elaborate on our first quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on now to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2018. Global macroeconomic conditions remain solid based on PMI measures and the latest forecast for global GDP and industrial production. Obviously, U.S. tax reform is an important event, but we are optimistic that the impact of U.S. tax reform on our customers' investment decisions could provide an additional tailwind to our future performance. It is too early to quantify the benefits. An immediate benefit of tax reform for us is a lower effective tax rate in Q1 and going forward. The lower tax rate will drive improved profitability, thus, giving us the ability to make additional investments. Another benefit of tax reform to Rockwell is that we will have much more flexibility to deploy capital. That said, I want to emphasize that our investment and capital deployment priorities remain the same, as summarized on Slide 4. Our first priority is investing in our business to drive organic growth. A new guidance for fiscal 2018 includes incremental investments to accelerate profitable growth and other long-term objectives. Examples include accelerated software development, investments to help our employees be even more engaged and productive and, importantly, spending to enable customer innovation and complement our existing workforce development initiatives. Our next priority is strategic acquisitions. We are actively engaged in the evaluation of inorganic opportunities to accelerate our connected enterprise strategy. We will then return remaining excess cash to share owners through dividends and repurchases. Turning to guidance. We still expect our fiscal 2018 organic sales to be up 5% year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance and expect full year reported sales to be about $6.7 billion, including the impact of currency. Compared to our expectations back in November, we now see slightly better growth in Heavy Industries and a weaker Transportation vertical. We continue to expect Consumer to grow at about the company average. We are adjusting our EPS guidance to include the expected impact of U.S. tax reform on our full year results. Our new adjusted EPS guidance range is $7.60 to $7.90. Patrick will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks, including more specifics on the impact of tax reform on our Q1 financial results and fiscal 2018 guidance. Before I turn it over to Patrick, let me add a few closing comments. At Automation Fair in November, we showcased how we are bringing The Connected Enterprise to life for our customers. We continue to make progress executing this strategy, and the new value from The Connected Enterprise continues to grow at a double-digit rate. You've heard before from us how we practice what we preach, and I'm glad to say that we are being recognized for our efforts. Our Twinsburg, Ohio plant recently received the 2017 Plant Engineering magazine top plant award for its innovative use of technology to enhance work or productivity. We've deployed our own manufacturing execution software and analytic tools to optimize productivity, improve quality and increase sustainability. Congratulations to the team. Finally, I would like to thank our employees, partners and suppliers for their contributions to another successful quarter.  With that, I'll turn it over to Patrick. Patrick?
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. Before I talk about our quarterly results, let me make a few additional comments about U.S. corporate tax reform. The new tax law not only leads to a lower expected -- effective tax rate going forward, but also provides us with greater flexibility to deploy the cash we have, regardless of where it is generated. Like many other U.S. companies, we've had a large amount of excess cash held outside the U.S. We have initiated the repatriation of that cash, a process that will go beyond the current fiscal year. As Blake mentioned, our priorities for capital deployment remain the same. Funding accelerated organic growth remains priority #1 followed by acquisitions, then the dividend and, finally, share repurchases. In Q1, we recorded provisional charges associated with tax reform totaling about $480 million. These charges include $386 million for the deemed repatriation and $94 million to reduce the value of net deferred tax assets. We excluded the $480 million charges related to tax reform from adjusted EPS, And updates in future quarters to our estimates of these charges will also be excluded from adjusted EPS. With that, let's move to Slide 5, Key Financial Information, first quarter. As Blake mentioned, we had a good first quarter of the fiscal year with reported sales up 6.5%. Organic growth was in line with our expectations at 5.3%. Currency translation contributed 2.5 points to sales growth, a bit less than we expected. And the fiscal 2017 Q4 divestiture reduced sales by 1.3 points. Segment operating margin was very strong at 22.4%, up 120 basis points compared to last year. A margin tailwind from good organic growth was partially offset by higher investment spending. Margin performance in the quarter was a bit better than we expected, as overall operating performance was very strong, but also because spend was a bit light.  General corporate net expense of $16 million was up slightly compared to last year. You will note on our financial statements that we excluded about $11 million of third-party advisory costs related to the Emerson proposals from general corporate net and from adjusted EPS. These costs were not included in our November guidance and are unrelated to the operating performance of the company. Adjusted EPS of $1.96 was up $0.21 compared to the first quarter of last year, an increase of 12%. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is primarily due to the benefit of higher sales, offset by investment spending. Last quarter, I mentioned during our earnings call that we did not expect our Q1 EPS to exceed last year's. However, our actual Q1 results came in better than expected, mainly as a result of the much lower-than-expected tax rate and, to a lesser extent, better-than-expected segment operating margin performance. Free cash flow was $179 million in the quarter or 70% of adjusted income. During the quarter, we paid the annual incentives that our employees earned in fiscal 2017. There was no such payment in the first quarter of last year. A few additional items to cover not shown on the slide. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 130.1 million, up 0.4 million from last year. And we repurchased about 1.1 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $208.6 million. This is ahead of pace to get to the $500 million full year target we shared with you last quarter. More on that in a little bit. At December 31, we had $400 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. Slide 6 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had another quarter -- another good quarter with more than 7% sales growth. Organic sales were up 4.6% year-over-year and currency translation increased sales by 2.7%. For the quarter, segment margin remained pretty flat year-over-year at a very strong 30%. Operating leverage associated with the sales growth was offset by higher investment spending. Moving on to Slide 7, Control Products & Solutions. Reported sales were up 5.8% for this segment. Organic sales growth was 5.9%, currency translation contributed 2.3% and divestiture reduced sales by 2.4%. Growth in our solutions and services businesses in this segment picked up nicely in the quarter and came in at over 6%. The product businesses in this segment were up more than 5% on an organic basis. Operating margin for this segment increased 200 basis points compared to Q1 last year, primarily due to higher sales. Very good margin performance for this segment. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services businesses in this segment was 1.20 in Q1 compared to 1.11 a year ago.  The next slide, 8, provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this slide in his remarks, so I will just reiterate that, like last quarter, growth was broad-based across geographies. Also we saw good growth in emerging markets, which were up just under 10% compared to last year.  This takes us to Slide 9, guidance. We continue to project sales of about $6.7 billion with organic sales growth within a range of 3.5% to 6.5%. We updated our currency assumptions, and we now expect that tailwind from currency translation to be closer to 2%, rounding really. And the sale of the business in fiscal '17 will, of course, remain about a 1-point headwind. We continue to expect segment operating margin to be a bit below 21.5%. We believe the full year adjusted effective tax rate will be about 21%, 3.5 points lower than our November guidance and mainly as a result of tax reform. Our current estimate is that for fiscal '19 and beyond, under the new law, our adjusted effective tax rate will be in the range of 19% to 21%. We're now targeting about $1.2 billion in share repurchases for fiscal '18, up from $500 million per our November guidance. To support this increased share repurchase activity, our board recently approved a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization. We now expect average fully diluted shares outstanding to be about 128.4 million for fiscal '18. We are increasing adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.60 to $7.90. At the midpoint, this implies a $0.40 increase compared to our November guidance. The lower tax rate accounts for about $0.35 of this increase and a lower expected share count for the remaining $0.05. The incremental investments Blake referred to in his comments and somewhat unfavorable mix are, for the most part, offset by stronger-than-expected core performance. A couple of other items to close. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion to be about 100% and general corporate net is still expected to be about $75 million for the full year. With that, we'll move to Q&A. Steve?
Steven Etzel: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman: Blake, could you kind of maybe elaborate, if you would, on maybe the abrupt deceleration on the expectations around the Transportation, if you could just speak to maybe whether it's geographically or other?
Blake Moret: Yes. I don't think we would call it isolated to a single geography. Although we certainly saw weaker-than-expected performance in the U.S., it's not purely projects, some of which have been pushed out. It's also the MRO spend. We have a very large installed base and so that's a significant portion of our Automotive business in any given quarter. We continue to see new program commitments, particularly in EV. And you've seen some of the news from some of the big brand owners about their large investments in that area. But it's hard to predict the timing of whether some of the business that we're already tracking will come in, in 2018 or push out to 2019. So I would call it, mixed results, but it's -- it includes some MRO as well as program softness.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just as a follow-up question. Patrick, could you just kind of speak to -- you had mentioned in the segment profit commentary that investments in the first quarter came in a little bit light of expectations, could you just perhaps maybe put a number on the shortfall there to plan? And then also does that come back in the second quarter and actually increase a bit with your commentary around more cash flow, more flexibility on investments?
Patrick Goris: Rick, it was a few pennies of EPS. And our assumption is that some of that will come back in the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Vladimir Bystricky: This is Vlad Bystricky on for Andy. So you highlighted growth led by Heavy Industries, including oil and gas. So can you talk about, within oil and gas, how that market is evolving, whether you're seeing larger projects start to come back in oil and gas specifically and then more broadly in Heavy Industry, whether you're seeing accelerated large project activity?
Blake Moret: Yes. So in oil and gas, the strength and growth is a mix of what we might characterize as more flow business as well as some large projects starting to hit. So I think we are seeing that across segment profile of the various types of business. There are other parts of Heavy Industries that are also strengthening. So we're seeing it in metals, for instance. Pulp and paper in several industries. We include semiconductor in Heavy and that continues to be at high levels of spending.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay, that's helpful. And then can you maybe just give us a little more color on orders during the quarter? Did you generally see a continuation of, I think, you talked about high single-digit order growth in 4Q? And did you see any change in order trajectory as the quarter progressed?
Blake Moret: We saw a little bit of softness at the very end of December. I will say that January orders -- or business has started in line with guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Yes. So I missed part of the initial comments. I'm on another conference call. But I guess, any comments or any feedback from customers so far on how accelerated depreciation or a write-off there drives more spending? It sounds like if through January, your order rates are in line with guidance, you're not really seeing that acceleration. Is there any pause or kind of pipe -- a pipeline of project accumulation that's still ongoing? Maybe try to calibrate that for us.
Blake Moret: Sure. I think there's a substantial amount of optimism in the market, particularly among U.S. manufacturers, but broad-based across many verticals. And that optimism, whether it's in the treatment of capital investments or lower tax rate to be more competitive worldwide, there's a lot of things to be optimistic about. It's too early to quantify those benefits. So we need a couple of points to be able to draw a line and to be able to come up with a magnitude of the potential impact on additional spend on the part of our customers. But the mood is definitely optimistic.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: And just a follow-up on the order commentary from last quarter. I think, even the last question, I think high single-digit order rates coming out of Q4, unusual for Rockwell as a company to talk about kind of consolidated order rates, but I've always thought of you as a shorter-cycle business. And clearly, organic growth was less than high singles, Is there some pipeline building here or backlog that get you -- gets you guys particularly excited? How should we think about that high single-digit pacing out to the business?
Blake Moret: So when we talk about the strengthening in Heavy Industries, Heavy Industries is biased more towards our solutions business, services and solutions, which is a longer-cycle business. So in that business, some aspects of it may have, on average, a 5- or a 6-month lead time. So we get a little more visibility for that. And because Heavy Industries are up and we talk about a strong book-to-bill in the quarter, we are seeing increased backlog.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Kristen Owen: This is Kristen on for Noah. Just wanted to follow up on some of the conversations that you're having with customers, particularly with your auto customers. Are you talking with them about what's going on with NAFTA? And do you see any risks to your customers from that point of view?
Blake Moret: No, we're not hearing our U.S.-based manufacturers talk about spending with us being impacted as a result of that. Obviously, we're seeing some very large spending being announced by some of our good U.S. customers. I think Ford made an announcement a week or 2 ago, and we'll continue to see that biased around EV. Outside of North America, I can say that earlier this month, I was in China meeting with automotive customers and I was very encouraged. I was talking to indigenous Chinese companies. So these weren't JVs or U.S. companies servicing the China market, wanting to talk to us, a lot in the EV space, both in terms of brand owners as well as Tier suppliers. And there's obviously a lot of activity going on there, a lot of new players. And I'm happy to see that we're covering all of them.
Kristen Owen: That's helpful color. And then just wanted to follow up on the A&S margins, really impressive there. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on some of the puts and takes. What's the natural leverage of that business off of organic growth versus how much are you really allocating toward reinvestments there?
Patrick Goris: Yes, so you're correct. The margin is at 30%, and that's a very high level. We expect it actually to be the high point for the year for this segment. It's really a function of organic growth offset by investments. As we intend to increase some of the investments during the balance of the year, we think that the segment margin there for the balance of the year and the full year will be a bit below the margins we saw in Q1. In terms of incremental margins for that segment, I would recommend you look over a longer period of time over several quarters as to what the incremental earnings has been or the earnings conversion for that segment. If we talk from an overall company perspective in incrementals of 30% to 35%, earnings conversion at mid-single-digit organic growth, we would usually expect earnings conversion a little bit better than that within Architecture & Software.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Tristan Margot: This is Tristan in for Joe. I just wanted to go back to the incremental CapEx in software that you mentioned in your prepared remarks. Is that for a specific product or specific industry? Could you just elaborate on this?
Patrick Goris: You refer to the incremental investments that Blake mentioned in his comments?
Tristan Margot: Yes, specifically in software where you're investing.
Blake Moret: Sure. So in software, a couple of the main areas of software investment and these aren't new, so these are strengthening existing investments. We talked a lot about the new value from The Connected Enterprise as including information software. And so we certainly see increased investment there, but also in our core. In our core would be the control, the configuration tools as well as the visualization software. That's an important area for us, as we have a common software environment for all the different types of control, whether it be discrete or process or hybrid. And we continue to invest heavily in those areas to simplify the experience throughout the life cycle. So whether it's in the design part of a control project, they operate or the maintain, those are important areas that, we think, we provide differentiation and we intend to continue that.
Tristan Margot: That's very helpful. And then if we could just shift on Logix. It looks like it was the slowest growth since 4Q '16, if I'm not mistaken. Is there any reason for this? Any comments there?
Patrick Goris: I would start out by saying that Logix still grows above the A&S average. The other thing I would point out is that we've had a really good year in Logix last year. It was up 10% year-over-year for the full year. And in Q1 of '18, we grew 6% on top of 8% organic growth, which we delivered in Q1 of fiscal '17. So I think continued good growth in Logix becomes -- become a little bit tougher.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Kwas: Yes. I jumped on late, but just a couple of quick follow-ups on the order slowdown in December. Any particular verticals that you would cite as being more significant than expected?
Patrick Goris: Rich, this was at the very end of December, the last week or so of the year. It was just slower than what we expected. It was in the U.S. No particular vertical.
Richard Kwas: No particular, okay. And then on the auto commentary, Ford is changing their plans around electrification and devoting a lot more investment and CapEx to electrification over the next few years. In terms of your thoughts on what you're seeing in terms of the slowdown, anything attributable to kind of just shift in plans and that maybe there's a push or delay? Or do you think it's maybe early stages of something more fundamental? Just curious.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think we continue to see the basic backdrop of softened SAR, so there is certainly a reduced growth in the overall units. On the other hand, we see the mix of the brand owners continuing to be strongest in their highest-profit products, so the trucks and so on. And that's good for us, as well. EV and the number of new suppliers, the number of new models envisioned, that's an offset to the general reduced growth in the raw number of units being produced. It's hard to say how those will end up balancing, but what we're guiding to is about flat for auto for the full year.
Patrick Goris: And maybe to add to that, that's compared to fiscal '17 where auto globally was up over 20%.
Richard Kwas: Right. So some of it's comp-related, right?
Patrick Goris: Yes. Auto was up over 10% Q1 last year.
Operator: If there are no more questions, I'll turn the call back over to Steve Etzel.
Steven Etzel: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines up for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2017 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our President and CEO; and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. This was another good quarter for us. Organic growth was about 6%, which was slightly above our expectations. I'm pleased to see that, once again, this growth was broad-based across both industries and regions. Transportation had another good quarter, led again by automotive, which was up about 10%. In consumer, food and beverage continued to do well. Heavy industries were also up in the quarter, including good growth in semiconductor, chemicals and metals. Importantly, we saw oil and gas return to meaningful growth in the quarter. We had a strong finish to the year in orders, which were up high-single digits in the fourth quarter for the overall company. From a regional perspective, the U.S., our largest market, grew almost 6% organically. We saw growth in almost all verticals, including strong performance in semiconductor, automotive and metals. EMEA was up 5% in the quarter, a nice finish to the year. We continue to make progress with OEM machine builders. Asia grew 5%, led by growth in semiconductor. China was up 6%. Latin America grew 2%, led by heavy industries. I'll make a few additional comments about the quarter. Acquisitions added 1.3 points of profitable sales growth. Logix was up 8% compared to last year. Our process business improved, and was up 9% year-over-year organically. Including our MAVERICK acquisition, process was up almost 20%. We also had two specific items in the quarter that were not in our previous guidance. First, we sold a small product distribution business that was part of our Control Products & Solutions segment. Second, we initiated restructuring plans related to manufacturing re-footprinting, as well as general cost reductions to redirect spend to our highest Connected Enterprise priorities. These actions accelerate our ongoing efforts to sharpen our focus on the Connected Enterprise strategy and further enhance the competitiveness of our products, services and solutions. We will continue to balance investments with our commitment to delivering profitable growth. Patrick will elaborate on our fourth quarter and full-year financial performance in his remarks. Moving to the full year, overall, fiscal 2017 was a very good year for us. Here are some key points. Continuing several years of good growth, automotive had another strong year, including the contribution from our powertrain initiative and electrical vehicle activity. Consumer verticals were up mid-single digits led by food and beverage. After a few down years in heavy industries, fiscal 2017 was a year of low-single-digit growth. We saw very strong performance in semiconductor and oil and gas improved over the course of the year. Logix grew 10% in 2017 and process also returned to growth. We saw good growth in revenue streams related to new value from the Connected Enterprise. Our pilots are progressing well and expanding in all industries. We'll talk more about this next Thursday at our Investor Day. Our customers and our management team will provide specific examples of how the Connected Enterprise is helping companies successfully compete by becoming more productive. With respect to financial performance this year, we continue to make investments in the Connected Enterprise, including core offerings, information solutions and connected services. We had another good year of free cash flow conversion. We continued to return cash to share owners, over $725 million during fiscal 2017. Just last week, we announced a 10% increase in the annual dividend. This reflects our confidence in sustained free cash flow through the cycle. Our recent acquisitions contributed 1.5 points of profitable growth and increased our technology, domain expertise and market access. We have a strong pipeline of both large and small acquisition opportunities and we have recently increased engagement with the start-up community. During the year, we added more resources to focus on acquisition and investment opportunities. We continue to expect acquisitions to generate a point or more of growth each year. We also continue to leverage strategic partnerships, make targeted technology investments and gain access to emerging technologies to complement our own research and development activities. Our employees, partners and suppliers continue to differentiate us, and I would like to thank them for their efforts every day. Let's move on now to the fiscal 2018 outlook. I'll start with market conditions and economic indicators. Global macroeconomic conditions are solid. Current forecasts call for improved global GDP and industrial production growth rates and PMI measures are at high levels. Our strong orders performance in the fourth quarter positions us well as we enter fiscal 2018. Taking all this into account, we expect another year of good growth in fiscal 2018 with continued growth in consumer and transportation and a meaningfully higher contribution from heavy industries, including oil and gas. We expect our fiscal 2018 organic sales to be up 5% year-over-year at midpoint of guidance. The absence of the business we sold in Q4 will reduce growth by a little more than 1 percentage point, while currency is expected to add 2.5 percentage points to growth. Including the impact of currency, our fiscal 2018 sales guidance did sales of about $6.7 billion and adjusted EPS of $7.20 to $7.50. Patrick will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Patrick, let me add a few comments. I look forward to seeing many of you next week at our annual Investor Day. As usual, we will hold Investor Day at Automation Fair, our main customer event, which will be in Houston, Texas this year. This is a great opportunity to see how we are bringing the Connected Enterprise to life for our customers. We will showcase our latest innovations, acquisitions and information solutions for thousands of worldwide customers, highlighting how the powerful combination of Rockwell Automation and our partners brings the Connected Enterprise to life. The opportunities for integrating control and information are greater than ever, and the value of the Connected Enterprise is being demonstrated across all of our verticals and around the world. I believe we are best positioned to deliver this value to our customers, because we are already on the plant floor, with a large installed base we have differentiated technology and domain expertise, and we have a long history of successful partnerships. The value we provide is in high demand as every day customers are pulling us into their plans to connect their enterprise to become more competitive. We'll continue to invest in technology and domain expertise to expand this value and profitably grow share, more next Thursday during Investor Day. Finally, I want to briefly address our announcement from last week regarding Emerson Electric's unsolicited proposals. As you saw, we issued a press release on October 31 confirming that Rockwell Automation had previously rejected two unsolicited proposals from Emerson. As we noted in the release, the Rockwell Automation board of directors carefully reviewed and evaluated each of the proposals in consultation with its financial and legal advisors, and unanimously determined that the proposals were not in the best interest of the company and its shareowners. Rockwell is uniquely positioned as the world's largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information. We deliver applications across all industries and process hybrid and discrete on a single platform and one software environment, which is very attractive to both our customers and our distribution channel. We believe the company is well-positioned to create substantial additional value for our shareowners by continuing to execute on our strategic plan. Over the past week, we have talked with many shareowners and analysts who are equally confident in the company, this team, and our ability to deliver additional upside and execute on our plan. Our fiscal 2017 results and guidance for fiscal 2018 demonstrate the strength of our business and reinforce confidence in our strategy and that is where our attention is focused. The purpose of the call today is to discuss our results and next year's guidance. Now, let me turn the call to Patrick for a deeper dive on our results. Patrick?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 4, key financial information fourth quarter. As Blake mentioned, we had good sales performance in the quarter with reported sales up 8.4%. Organic growth was 5.6%, a few million dollars better than we expected. Currency translation contributed 1.5 points to sales growth, also a bit better than expected. Our two acquisitions from last September contributed 1.3 points of growth. Before I cover the other elements on this page, let me provide more detail on the restructuring charges in the quarter, as well as on the sale of the business Blake referred to in his comments, neither of which were included in our July guidance. We booked $43 million of charges in the quarter, all of which impacted segment earnings and margin. About half of these charges relates to a re-footprinting of our manufacturing operations. This includes the announced closure of our manufacturing facility in Aarau, Switzerland. This large re-footprinting will take several years to execute and is expected to yield attractive incremental earnings once finalized. We have successfully executed similar projects in the past. The other half of the $43 million in pre-tax charges relates to general SG&A cost reductions in order to redirect spending through our highest priority areas, particularly Connected Enterprise-related investments. We expect fiscal 2018 gross savings associated with the $43 million charges to be about $20 million. After taking into account further implementation costs for our re-footprinting, the net benefit to fiscal 2018 should be about $10 million. The net annualized run rate benefit is expected to be over $50 million once the manufacturing re-footprinting is finalized. With respect to the sale, the business we sold was a product distribution business in the Control Products & Solutions segment. The business has no Rockwell intellectual property and includes products sold outside of our core channel and under different brands. We sold the business for $94 million with a potential earn-out on top of that. In the quarter, we booked a pre-tax gain of approximately $61 million associated with the sale. Let me cover one other item that was not reflected in our July guidance and relates to the voluntary pension contribution we made during our fourth quarter. We decided to make a $200 million pre-tax contribution to the U.S. pension plan. A reduction in PBGC premiums made this financially attractive. With potential U.S. tax reform in the works, we decided to make the contribution now. Based on our most current projections, we do not expect mandatory contributions to the U.S. pension plan for at least five years. With that, let's move on to the other elements on this page. Segment operating margin of 17% was down 280 basis points compared to last year. A margin tailwind from strong organic growth was more than offset by higher restructuring charges, increased incentive compensation and higher investment spending. Adjusting for the restructuring charges, which as I mentioned were not part of our prior guidance, segment margin was a bit lower than expected due to currency. Currency translation was a slight tailwind to sales, but represented the headwinds to both margin and EPS in the quarter compared to our expectations. General corporate-net expense of $24 million was a little higher than expected and about flat year-over-year. Adjusted EPS of $1.69 was up $0.17 compared to the fourth quarter of last year, an increase of 11%. The gain on sale and the restructuring charges combined yielded a $0.04 net adjusted EPS benefit. The remaining year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS is primarily due to higher sales, offset by higher incentive compensation and investment spending. The adjusted effective tax rate of 25.9% was up 3 points compared to last year and includes U.S. taxes related to the gain on the divestiture. Excluding the $200 million pre-tax pension contribution, free cash flow in the quarter was in line with our expectations. 12-months trailing return on invested capital was 39%. Let me add a few additional items not shown on the slide. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $129.8 million, flat to last year. We repurchased about 200,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $34.6 million. For the year, we repurchased 2.3 million shares at a cost of $336.6 million. This is a bit short of our $400 million target. At September 30, we have $608 million remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. Moving on to slide 5, key financial information for full year of fiscal 2017. In short, we had a good year with 14% adjusted EPS growth on 7% higher sales. We talked all year about higher incentive compensation being a headwind to margin and adjusted EPS. For the full year, incentive compensation was about $115 million year-over-year headwind. The higher incentive compensation and restructuring charges represented more than a 2-point year-over-year headwind to segment margin and had a significant impact on earnings conversion. Adjusted EPS was $6.76. Excluding the Q4 gain on sale and restructuring charges, adjusted EPS of $6.72 ended up slightly better than we expected. The full-year adjusted effective tax rate of 21.5% is a bit higher than the 21% rate we provided you last quarter, primarily due to the gain on the business sale. Free cash flow was 102% of adjusted net income. Excluding the Q4 items and the pension contribution, free cash flow conversion was 120%, which compares to the 115%-plus guidance we shared with you in July. Moving on to slide 6, sales and margin performance of the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had another good quarter with 8% sales growth. Organic sales were up 6.2% year-over-year. Currency translation increased sales by 1.6%, and acquisitions contributed 0.2%. For the quarter, segment margin decreased 210 basis points year-over-year. Operating leverage associated with the sales growth was offset by higher incentive compensation and restructuring charges. And as expected, spending was up year-over-year, mostly driven by increased R&D. Slide 7 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Control Products & Solutions segment. We saw another good pickup in growth in this segment with reported sales up 8.7%. Organic sales were up 5.1%, currency translation contributed 1.4%, and acquisitions contributed 2.2%. We had a second consecutive quarter of solutions and services organic sales growth up over 3%. The product businesses in this segment were up about 7% on an organic basis. Operating margin for this segment contracted 330 basis points compared to Q4 last year, primarily due to higher incentive compensation and restructuring charges, more than offsetting leverage associated with sales growth. The majority of the restructuring charges and higher incentive compensation affected this segment. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services businesses in this segment was 0.98 in Q4 compared to 0.92 a year ago. This is a bit stronger than usual performance in Q4. As Blake mentioned, overall company orders were up high-single digits in Q4. The next slide 8 provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of these details in his remarks. So I will just point out that growth was broad-based across geographies for both the quarter and full year fiscal 2017. This takes us to slide 9, guidance. We project sales of about $6.7 billion, an increase of about $400 million compared to fiscal 2017. Organic sales growth is expected to be within a range of 3.5% to 6.5%. Consistent with currency rate projections for the next 12 months, we expect a tailwind from currency translation of about 2.5 points, and the sale of the business in Q4 is expected to be a little more than a 1-point headwind. We expect segment operating margin to be a bit below 21.5%. Excluding the impact of the sale of the business and the fiscal 2017 restructuring charges, this implies earnings conversion of about 35%. We believe the full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be about 24.5%, a 3-point increase, mainly resulting from the discrete tax items we benefited from in fiscal 2017. Included in our 24.5% tax rate is an estimated impact of excess income tax benefits from equity-based compensation. Note that the 24.5% tax rate does not include any potential impact from potential U.S. corporate tax reform. The adjusted EPS guidance range is $7.20 to $7.50. At the midpoint, this reflects a 9% increase compared to fiscal 2017 on 6% higher sales despite the significant headwinds from a higher tax rate. Free cash flow conversion is expected to be about 100%. I'll add a couple of other items. General corporate-net is expected to be about $75 million for the full-year and we are targeting about $500 million in share repurchases and expect average fully-diluted shares outstanding to be about $129.3 million. Page 10 shows an adjusted EPS bridge. My comments will be from the left to the right. As I mentioned earlier, reported fiscal 2017 adjusted EPS of $6.76 includes a $0.04 net benefit from the Q4 gain on sale and restructuring. Excluding that, we came in at $6.72 compared to our guidance midpoint of $6.70. On 5% organic sales growth in 2018, we expect EPS contribution of about $0.70. And as we mentioned on prior calls, incentive compensation is not a headwind at the midpoint of fiscal 2018 guidance and instead represents a tailwind of about $0.10. Currency is expected to yield a benefit of about $0.20. The sale of the product distribution business in the CP&S segment represents a loss of earnings of $0.05, and as expected, we see a significant headwind from a higher adjusted effective tax rate. Finally, there is a modest benefit from lower pension expense, a couple of pennies, and lower share count. We project a smaller-than-typical EPS benefit from share repurchases, given the significant increase in our share price, which impacts the number of shares we repurchase. Let me add that while we expect another good year of sales and EPS growth in fiscal 2018, we do not expect year-over-year EPS growth in the first quarter. We had an unusual low tax rate and lower spending in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and while for overall fiscal 2018 incentive compensation is a year-over-year tailwind, for Q1, it will be a modest headwind. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Boy, a bunch of things. I guess I'll try to keep it tight. First, just to better understand the quarter, it would be helpful to get some color on how the restructuring's set in the segments and how the FX played through the segments. Patrick you gave us a directional comment there, but to quantify that would be helpful. And then maybe more importantly, I'll avoid the Emerson question, but not showing growth in the first half of 2018 even with the high tax rate sounds peculiar to me. Is there something other than investment spending that we should be thinking about in that regard?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. Jeff, with respect to the restructuring charges, you can think of the charges being a 60/40 split, so 60% of the charges going to the CP&S segment, 40% of the charges impacting Architecture & Software, and so that's about a 3-point headwind to the CP&S segment margin in the quarter and a little over a 2-point headwind for the Architecture & Software segment in the quarter. With respect to the question you had about fiscal 2018, my comments about no year-over-year EPS growth was with respect to Q1, not the first half of the year. So it's only for Q1 that we expect adjusted EPS to be down year-over-year for the items – because of the items I mentioned, but that is not for the first half. For the first half, we do expect EPS growth. With respect to currency compared to the prior year, currency was about a 0.5 point hit to segment margin for the company and it was a little bit more than that for A&S and a little bit below that for CP&S.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. And then just as a follow-on, Blake, just to hit really kind of the strategic direction of the company and your push-back on Emerson and more importantly your view of the company going forward, do you, in fact, expect a much higher level of investment spending to execute on that? Is there anything unusual and what you plan to spend in 2018? And maybe just a little more – I'm sure we're going to hear a lot next week. But, just a little more about maybe what your customers are saying about your position and your business proposition.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Let me start with the last. Customers are voting with their wallets and that's why we're gaining share broad-based across regions and in industries. The Connected Enterprise and bringing it to life remains our strategy and that means that we integrate control and information across the enterprise to help industrial customers and their people be more productive, and that is what we do. We're a single integrated business, exclusively focused on that. We're the biggest company in the world that's devoted to industrial automation and information. And customers are telling us it's the right strategy. I would add that it's very compelling to them to have such a tightly integrated business because it brings efficiencies to them as well as to us. Having a single platform within their enterprise to solve different types of applications is a huge productivity benefit to them. They can get lots of different products from different companies. But having a single platform with a common software environment is something that customers tell us, over and over, brings them a lot of benefit.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by asking, so we had this $0.28 gain and the $0.24 of charges. Patrick, what amongst these charges would have been normally run through anyway? Like in other words, I'm trying to understand, did you pull forward intended spending, or would you have spent this if you haven't had the gain? Like what – I'm trying to sort of – just kind of what's ultimately sort of a normalized versus unusual to kind of decipher how ultimately your business has fared?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. You can think of normalized restructuring charges for our company being in about $10 million per year, and we have, every quarter we have some charges. The charges that we just called out now would be on top of the normal $10-ish million we do. And so, obviously, a couple items played a role here. Obviously, we had the sale and the large gain who we've been looking for a while now at our supply chain and potential re-footprinting there. So we decided to pull that trigger. And as we mentioned in our comments, the other item is we're constantly looking at where we can redirect spending through our higher-priority areas related to the Connected Enterprise, and these restructuring charges enable us to do both. One is a long term re-footprinting; the other one is shorter term, redirecting some of our spend.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Let me also add and this goes back to the question that Jeff asked as well. Do we expect dramatically higher, unusually higher development spending going forward? And the answer to that is no. We continue to increase, as modestly as a percentage of total revenue, our development spend by working with the best partners in the business. By making acquisitions as well to complement our organic strategy, we're able to continue to keep spending at managed levels.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So, is it fair to say for the Swiss facility, et cetera, does the $43 million ring-fence this? Because I had sort of thought like you had intimidated that there was still going to be more of these initiatives that bleed into 2018. So, just to be clear and maybe you said it, but is 2018 back to the normal $10 million spending or is there a still incremental spending that's occurring without offsetting gain?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: The normal $10 million, John.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So 2018 is the normal $10 million. Okay.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Why did China slow to mid-single digit? It actually seems that was probably the primary driver of your overall organic growth which you described as broad-based. It wasn't a bit better because, obviously, this was a strong industrial quarter, right, for – I mean Parker-Hannifin put up 7% core growth, et cetera. So, strong industrial quarter comes around the world. But in your situation, China was slower. What's going on there and what do you expect it to be doing in fiscal 2018?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I would say that we always see some quarterly variability in our growth rates, especially in some of the emerging markets where there's some (33:18) more of the larger projects. We're pleased with our growth in China this year. China did about 12% of growth in fiscal 2017. And for next year, we expect China to be close to 10%, a little bit below. So I wouldn't just look at one particular quarter. I would expect some continued variability in those growth rates going forward as well.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I would also add. As some of the projects that get lumped into heavy industries come back, you're going to see some of that natural variability. So for some additional color, in Q4 in China, semiconductor remains at very high levels. Transportation continues strong, metals and mining. So a lot of that is project-based business and you're going to have some variability there.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: The good news, John, is that as Blake mentioned, it's many different industries in China that are supporting growth. And so it's not only consumer, but some of the heavy industries are now contributing growth as well.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So basically, lumpiness. This is not some sort of a trend or some sort of share loss event or something like that. No. That's fine.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We think we've taken – John, we think – John, we think we've taken share in China.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Well, especially in consumer, I think that makes a lot of sense. Let me ask one last one here. Yesterday afternoon (34:43), Emerson laid out, I would say a strategic rationale for why they would really like to buy you. Basically, if you kind of read between the way they presented it, it was to plug their lack of discrete and hybrid offering. And they commented more than once that customers want this full automation solution across discrete, hybrid and process. I mean, I guess I'm wondering like you sort of answered Jeff's question by talking about how customers want sort of a singular provider. But the differences between true process and true discrete in terms of customer subset and skill sets are obviously pretty different. I'm just curious if you concur with Emerson's statement that increasingly the market is looking for a singular solution provider across all of these three disciplines, and if that were so, I mean your process business really isn't that big in the big picture. So I'm wondering if this strategically prompts you to in turn try and drive higher process penetration. Blake, I think you're on record as even saying you'd be interested in doing deals up to $1 billion or at least stepping up M&A kind of over time versus Rockwell's historical trend.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So, John, again starting with the appetite for acquisitions. We've talked about information solutions and connected services being priorities for acquisitions. And we've got a pipeline with some smaller ones and some big ones that get up to that $1 billion plus level. So we're looking at that. We start first with the strategic fit and then we look at the financial return for making those acquisitions. In terms of what the market is looking for, customers are looking for a single platform that they can deploy across their enterprise and a lot of customers have a mix of discrete and batch/hybrid and continuous process applications and the attraction of being able to build on our Logix platform to be able to solve all that different type of logic so that they only have to train on one platform their operations people. And from a parts standpoint and from a learning and an integration standpoint, that's very attractive to them. So while we sometimes get caught up in looking at what pieces of the overall automation market can be used, what matters is the outcomes that you bring to a specific customer and that specific customer is looking for a single platform. That's why a lot of our investments are based on continuing to add functionality to Logix, to a common software environment and that's what customers, even continuous process customers are telling us that we're on the right path looking at.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So you don't feel the need to step up the penetration incrementally based on kind of either the Emerson events or other events in the market to gain kind of more of a balance in process versus your discrete offering? I think that's what you're saying.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We continue to see process as a great growth opportunity. We combine what we have in terms of process control with our domain expertise because that's an important part of the equation, that was part of the rationale behind what has been a very successful MAVERICK acquisition. And something that we talked about a lot in the past is intelligent motor control. When you're talking about handling fluids, then the variable speed drives and the power control is an important part of that and we have as good a portfolio as any in the business and we're taking significant share there as well. So combining that with our improved process control capabilities is something that's allowing us to see the kind of growth we reported in Q4 in process.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. See you next week.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Blake, so another good year expected for auto. Just curious with the re-footprinting that's going on in the powertrain side across global OEs, shifting away from internal combustion, particularly diesel to hybrid and electric applications over the coming years, how do you see that playing out in terms of enhanced growth opportunity for Rockwell, and should we think of that as a potential more structural step-up to company's growth rate within that vertical?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Rich, we see it as very positive. When you combine the powertrain business that we've been talking about for the last few years as $20 million of additional revenue each year and you add the activity going on at many of those same-tier suppliers with electric vehicles, in 2018, we expect the contribution from powertrain and EV to be $100 million worth of business in our automotive segment. So it's big enough to be meaningful and we continue to see those high growth rates. We're competing and winning around the world at those customers. And that's definitely providing a boost to the traditional internal combustion assembly business that we've enjoyed for a long time in automotive.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And that's incremental on top of what you would normally get, say nothing was really going on from a powertrain...
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Absolutely. I mean, three or four years ago, that was a zero.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Rich, our guidance for automotive – so continued strong growth in powertrain and EVs as Blake mentioned. Our overall auto business, we expect to grow below the company average in fiscal 2018.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Low single-digits.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Does that apply to consumer as well?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No. Consumer will be at about the company average and heavy industry would be a little above.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, as we think about the mix of sales just on an organic basis, as we think about heavy industry coming back and growing faster and that would imply more solutions-oriented revenues. As we think about that mix and the impact on incrementals as we go through the year, is there something we should be thinking about where maybe the early part of the year, stronger incrementals and the second half of the year moderates a bit? Any guidance there?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So Rich, our guidance assumes that our solutions and services will grow just a little faster than our product businesses. And when I say faster, it's like within a point or so of our product businesses. In terms of conversion, I would expect year-over-year earnings conversion to be stronger in the second half than in the first half, with some of the reasons I mentioned earlier impacting or related to the comparisons for Q1. So stronger earnings conversion in second half than first half year-over-year.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So mix is not a big issue and it's really a comp issue in the first half?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Correct and yes.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Got you. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Give us a sense of why you felt like you had to take investment spending up in Q4 and was it the strong order book that you saw and you just said you got to get ahead of this and add sales marketing or other kind of investments. Or was this – I'm just trying to get a sense of what was planned and what wasn't planned, because clearly it wasn't in most of our models?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Actually, Scott, the overall spending came in basically where we expected it to be. If we adjust our – first of all, our sales came in within a few million dollars. Our segment margin – adjusted for the restructuring charge of $43 million which was not in our guidance, segment margin came in where we expected, currency was a little headwind but basically was in line with where we thought we would end up being. And the net of it is that EPS was about $0.02 better than our midpoint of guidance. So there was no – let's put it this way, there was no decision during the quarter to just ramp up spending above and beyond what we assumed for Q4.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Yeah. was a little light (43:21) versus our models, maybe we just had it wrong. And then just getting back – and I don't want to beat the dead horse on Emerson, just trying to get some closure here. I mean is this kind of done at any price with – I mean if Emerson came back at a different price or a different structure, would there be a new process of – or is this just you guys have decided this is not the right partner and you just want to move forward? Just to be a little clearer on that.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, Scott, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're here today to discuss our results and fiscal 2018 guidance. We're very confident in the company's strategic direction and in our ability to continue delivering superior levels of growth and value creation, and that's demonstrated today in the strength of our results and our confidence in our strategy and that's where our attention is being focused.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Yeah. I was just trying to figure if this is something we're going to be talking about through 2018 or if this is something that's kind of a dead horse and just move on. That's all.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, Scott, we're not going to speculate on what Emerson Electric or anybody else might do.
Scott Davis - Melius Research LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Okay. I'll pass it on. We'll see you next week, guys. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you. See you then.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Andy.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Blake, so you mentioned oil and gas markets improved pretty materially in the quarter. What do you think changed? Was it larger projects started to come back, and you mentioned that heavy industries can now grow clearly higher than the company average in 2018. Is that across the board including mining, chemical? I know you mentioned semicon and oil and gas.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. In general, we do see broad-based recovery in heavy industries, and we already saw pieces of that this year. We talked about the strong performance in semiconductor. We saw metals. Pulp and paper, while it's a small vertical, saw a significant growth. And now we're seeing oil and gas returning and it's a mix of MRO, as well as some larger projects. Obviously, natural gas continues to be an interesting part of that segment. And we see mining – we're seeing some renewed activity in Latin America, for instance, in the mines in Chile and so on as copper prices get up above $3. So we really do see that as a broad-based recovery across heavy industries, and we think we're very well positioned to take advantage of that.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Okay. That's helpful, Blake. And then, Patrick, I think you mentioned that solutions was going to grow faster than products in 2018. When I look at your two segments though, you have tough compares in both, but obviously strong order momentum going into the year. The CP&S actually grow faster than A&S as you go throughout the year given that solutions is pretty late cycle. And I think you mentioned 0.98 in book-to-bill and that might have been a little lower in solutions than you thought. But, obviously, there does seem to be a momentum there, so maybe you talk about that.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So, actually, we would expect – we expect both segments to grow at about similar rates in fiscal 2018. Solutions and services within Control Products & Solutions will grow a little bit faster than the products part within that segment. And then, what was the other part of your question, Andy?
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Did you say book-to-bill was 0.98 and a little bit...
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: ...weaker than normal seasonality.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No. Actually...
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Any color there?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. It was 0.98. That is actually a little bit stronger than typical for Q4.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Felt stronger than typical. Okay.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. It is.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Led by oil and gas and the heavy businesses?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. And as Blake mentioned, generally speaking, we had a good Q4 order intake. Our orders were up high-single digits for the overall company in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research: Great. Thanks, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Andy.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Just wanted to start, if we could – I think you might have said this in the last question there, Patrick. But look, when I look at A&S growth trajectory into next year, kind of framing it with your guide, we're going to start getting into some pretty tough, like, I think in the first quarter you guys grew 8% and then 14% in the second quarter. So how does A&S kind of look through kind of as we pace out the year relative to your total guidance?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So as I mentioned to Andy, we expect A&S to be about in line with the overall company in terms of organic growth. So that's about 5%. And you're right, the comps will get more difficult, but that's what we project for A&S. We expect continued growth as we said in consumer. Don't forget A&S also has exposure to heavy industries. Our Logix platform is sold in process industries and other heavy industries. And so we expect continued good growth associated with that.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then you mentioned the $100 million – Blake, you mentioned a $100 million contribution from powertrain and EV next year. Is that an incremental $100 million or what is that off of? Like, what was it in 2017?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: The way you can think about it is that number about three years ago was probably close to zero. And so it is not an incremental 2018 versus 2017, but it is the growth that we have seen over the last two, three years and expect in fiscal 2018 that by the end of fiscal 2018, we think that EV and powertrain combined will be a $100 million business and basically, that's business that we didn't have three plus years ago.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And maybe with a little bit more detail on that. So when we started talking about powertrain explicitly as we reentered that market, we talked about around $20 million of incremental business a year from powertrain. As EV has grown very fast and it's many of the same customers, that's an additional boost to, again, a business that we didn't participate in that is basically growing market and our share over the last few years. And now, it's at that $100 million figure.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And Patrick just one quick clarification. On your tax rate guidance for next year, does that include or exclude, I couldn't hear before like the impact of or some estimate for stock option exercise?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It's inclusive.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Bergner from Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. My first question just relates to the effective currency. Could you explain why currency was a headwind to margins in the fourth quarter and how it will affect your guidance in 2018?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. So every time we are in a quarter where we see significant currency swings, we get into balance sheet remeasurements, which may impact the performance of the OE impact of currency compared to what the top line of currency is doing. And that's why in Q4, whereas from a sales point of view, currency was a small tailwind. The margin and earnings impact was actually a modest headwind. For fiscal 2018, we're projecting a 2.5% sales contribution for currency and based on the currency rate as we see – and we used projections 12 months out, based on those currency projections, we expect about a 20% earnings conversion on the sales contribution from currency. And so that's why you get to the tailwind and EPS associated with currency that we show on the EPS bridge.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thank you. And my second question was just relating to Emerson if I may. I mean, are there assets within Emerson's automation portfolio that are attractive to Rockwell? And could an alternative transaction structure be of interest, versus the one proposed?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, we're not going to comment on that. We're going to continue to focus on the Q4 results and the outlook for 2018.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we're going to take one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you so much for taking my question. It's not an Emerson question, I promise. Connected Enterprise investments, I understand you're going to give a lot of detail on this next week at Automation Fair. But can you help us just understand a little bit those investments, how much investment we're talking about, really kind of thinking about this split between, say, R&D and growing the sales footprint? In other words, just kind of what do you need to accomplish to get Connected Enterprise growth on your target structuring (53:03)? Thanks.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Well, Noah, let me start by saying the Connected Enterprise and bringing it to life for our customers is focused on producing outcomes for them that make them more productive. And so that's a combination of the technology and the domain expertise, and an overall approach to working with them as they go on their journey to add that additional level of productivity. It starts by putting the foundation in place where the data is born, so that's the smart products, that's Logix, which are fundamental parts of the Connected Enterprise. And so the investments that continue are to add more performance to Logix, to add more predictive analytics to PowerFlex drives, to more tightly integrate visualization with our logic-solving platform. All those things are fundamental parts of the Connected Enterprise, and that's where a lot of our spending has and will continue to go. But it's also about the new value that we deliver from the Connected Enterprise. And so as we integrate control and information across the enterprise, we've got home field advantage. The data is born on our smart products that can be turned into useful information that helps these customers become more productive. So it's investments in information software, our own as well as the ability to integrate with other applications, because nobody has all the software under their own roof that's necessary, and because the technology moves too fast. And that's where our partner strategy is so valuable. It's also a focus area for acquisitions for us. And as I mentioned, it's not just about the technology, it's also about the domain expertise and the support. All of the Connected Enterprise pilots that we're engaged in, that you'll hear about next week, and there's over four dozen of those that we're tracking, all of those involve engineering to complement the technology. And so investments in consulting services, in project management, all the things that are so important to make sure that the project goes right and that the value for the customer is maximized, those are parts of our investments as well. So all of that together, that overall approach is what customers are responding so favorably to as we bring the Connected Enterprise to life.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you very much for the color.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, we'll now turn the call back to Mr. Etzel for closing remarks.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you very much.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Etzel, please go ahead.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our President and CEO and Patrick Goris, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. This was another strong quarter for us. Organic growth was 8%, which was in line with our expectations. I'm pleased to see that this growth was broad-based across the regions and industries. Globally, transportation continued to deliver very good growth. In consumer, food and beverage did well. Heavy industries were also up in the quarter, including good growth in semiconductor. Overall, the macroeconomic environment remains solid. From a regional perspective, the U.S., our largest market grew 8%. We saw growth in most verticals led by strong performance in transportation. EMEA was flat year-over-year, as expected. The timing of projects is driving some quarter-to-quarter variability in our growth rates. Asia grew over 20%. We saw growth in most verticals led by semiconductor. Most countries in the region were up including China, which grew about 20%. Latin America grew 12% with strong growth in Mexico. I'll make a few additional comments about the quarter. Acquisitions add 1.2 points of sales growth. ACP and MAVERICK are contributing technology innovation and domain expertise, and are accretive to earnings. Our process business improved and was up 8% year-over-year organically. Including MAVERICK, process was up double-digits. Architecture & Software had another strong quarter with 10.5% organic growth. Within this segment, Logix was up 10% compared to last year. This was the third consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth. Patrick will elaborate on Q3 financial performance in his remarks. We are pleased with our sales and earnings performance in the quarter. Let's move on to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2017. As I said earlier, the macro outlook remains solid. Recent projections of industrial production growth are largely unchanged from a quarter ago. We expect continued growth in transportation and consumer. We expect heavy industry in total to be up low single-digits for the year, consistent with our April guidance. We are still not counting on growth from oil and gas and mining for full year fiscal 2017. Turning to guidance, considering the macro outlook and our results through three quarters, we continue to expect fiscal 2017 organic sales growth of approximately 6%. We now project fiscal 2017 sales of approximately $6.3 billion, slightly higher than prior guidance due to currency. Based on our third quarter earnings performance, we are increasing the adjusted EPS guidance range. The new range is $6.60 to $6.80. At the midpoint, this represents 13% adjusted EPS growth for the year. Patrick will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it back over to Patrick, let me add a few comments. Our Connected Enterprise strategy is working and positions us well for the future. The pilots continued to deliver tangible results across multiple industries, and we are seeing customers expand pilots to more lines and facilities. We will remain focused as a single integrated business, helping our customers succeed in the global market by enabling them to be more productive and therefore, more competitive. Our extent of industry knowledge and domain expertise help us deliver value based on each customer's needs. I want to highlight a couple of items. First, an important announcement we made in June. We will be working in partnership with ManpowerGroup to upskill military veterans, investing in the future workforce and creating a pool of certified talent for in-demand advanced manufacturing roles across the United States. According to a recent survey, most U.S. employers think automation will increase, not decrease, manufacturing head count, but at a higher skill level. No matter how much you automate, people remain our and our customers' most important asset. Second, I'd like to remind you that Automation Fair is in Houston this year, and we'll be holding our Investor Meeting on Thursday, November 16. Although Automation Fair is a customer event, it's a great opportunity for investors and analysts to deepen their understanding of automation and learn more about our capabilities as well as those of our partners. We will show how we are bringing the Connected Enterprise to life and delivering more value than ever before to our customers around the world. So please mark your calendars, and we hope to see you all there. Finally, I would like to thank our employees, partners and suppliers for their continued commitment to serving our customers. With that, I'll turn it over to Patrick. Patrick?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Blake and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 4, third quarter key financial information. As Blake mentioned, we had a good sales performance in the quarter with reported sales up 8.5%. As expected, organic growth was 8.2%. Our two acquisitions from last September contributed 1.2 points of sales growth. MagneMotion which was acquired in March 2016 is now included in organic growth. Currency translation reduced sales by 0.9% in the quarter. Segment operating margin of 21.1% was flat compared to last year. A margin tailwind from strong organic growth and good productivity performance was offset by the restoration of incentive compensation and increased investment spending. General corporate-net expense of $17 million was also flat year-over-year. Adjusted EPS of $1.76 was up $0.21 compared to the third quarter of last year, an increase of 13.5%. The increase in adjusted EPS is primarily due to higher sales, good productivity and a lower tax rate, partially offset by higher incentive compensation and investment spending. As I mentioned, the tax rate in the quarter was lower than last year. The adjusted effective tax rate was about 270 basis points lower, as a result of some favorable discrete tax items contributing about $0.06 of adjusted EPS. We are pleased with continued good free cash flow performance. Free cash flow in the quarter was $285 million, or 124% of adjusted income. 12 month trailing return on invested capital was 38.8%. A few additional items not shown on the slide, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $129.9 million, down $900,000 or less than 1% compared to last year. And we repurchased about 740,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $116.1 million. Through three quarters, we're basically on track to spend $400 million on share repurchases this fiscal year. At June 30th, we had $643 million remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. Moving on to slide 5, sales and margin performance of the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had another very good quarter with 9.8% sales growth. Organic sales were up 10.5% year-over-year, currency translation reduced sales by 1% and acquisitions contributed 0.3%. Segment margin improved 0.3 points from 27.6% to 27.9% year-over-year. Operating leverage associated with the sales growth and good productivity were partially offset by higher incentive compensation. And as expected, spending was up year-over-year mostly driven by increased R&D. Finally, currency was a bit less than a point headwind to margins in this segment. Slide 6 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Control Products & Solutions segment. We saw a good pickup in growth in this segment with reported sales up 7.4%. Organic sales were up 6.3%. Currency translation reduced sales by 0.8% and acquisitions contributed almost 2%. Solutions and services organic sales growth turned positive in this segment, up over 4%. The product businesses in this segment were up about 9% on an organic basis. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services businesses in this segment was 1.02 in Q3 compared to 1.04 a year ago. As expected, operating margin for this segment improved compared to the second quarter. Segment margin of 15.3% was down 40 basis points compared to Q3 of last year, primarily due to higher incentive comp more than offsetting leverage associated with sales growth. The next slide, 7, provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this in his remarks, so I will skip this slide, which takes us to the next slide, the guidance slide. As Blake mentioned, we are revising our sales and EPS guidance for fiscal 2017. We now project sales of about $6.3 billion compared to $6.25 billion in the April guidance, an increase of less than $50 million due to a smaller headwind of currency translation. Based on currency rates, the full year headwind from currency is expected to be about 0.5 point. We continue to project organic sales growth of about 6% and our outlook for the sales contribution from acquisitions remains unchanged at 1.5%. We expect segment operating margin to be a little below 20.5%. We believe the full year adjusted effective tax rate will now be closer to 21%, mainly a reflection of the lower tax rate in the third quarter of this fiscal year. This would imply a Q4 tax rate of around 25%, which is closer to our underlying tax rate. The adjusted EPS guidance range is now $6.60 to $6.80. At the midpoint, this reflects a $0.10 increase from the April guidance. The increase in EPS guidance at the midpoint mainly reflects a lower expected tax rate. A modest EPS benefit associated with the smaller currency translation headwind is offset by higher incentive compensation associated with the EPS guidance increase. We now expect free cash flow conversion to be over 115% of adjusted income for the year. And a couple of other items, general corporate-net is expected to be a little below $75 million for the full year. And finally, consistent with our April guidance, we continue to expect average fully diluted shares outstanding to be $129.9 million. With that, we'll move to Q&A. Steve.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get as many of you as possible on the call, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's get on to our first question.
Operator: Certainly, sir. Your first question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning. John.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys. How did China do – China was up 20%, how did China fair, heavy industry versus consumer-facing industries and could you comment on the trend of sustainability in China?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. I'd say, John, the growth we had in China was broad-based. We saw growth in some heavy industries, particularly semiconductor but also mining and metals, growth in infrastructure as well. We saw good growth in transportation, particularly in tire, and actually auto was up which was better than what we expected in that country for the quarter. Finally, food and beverage within consumer was also up a bit. So I'd say broad-based in China, including in some heavy industries, but you didn't hear me mention oil and gas.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So I mean, historically or at least in recent years, China consumer has been sort of the bright spot as heavy industry has been negatively pressured. Are you suggesting that there's balance in growth or is consumer still significantly ahead of heavy industry, but heavy industry is catching up? I mean, just a little more color would be great, Patrick.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I'd say it's more balanced than before. Before, it was mostly driven by transportation and consumer. This quarter we see significant growth in some of the heavy industry verticals in China.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think what we are seeing in a positive sense is diversification. So we haven't talked as much about semiconductor in the past, but that was significant. And that also is a big part of the automation market and metals has actually been positive for us in China. We still look at China as fundamentally a two-speed economy where consumer, transportation, life sciences are growing faster in general, but some of the areas of heavy industries other than oil and gas are picking up.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. Thanks for that. Is Rockwell hiring? And the context of my question is we've obviously been through this multi-period lull and now obviously growth is much better. And if you are hiring, that would sort of speak to, I guess, just sort of your own conviction in the outlook. I mean, are you hiring and does this pose any kind of incremental headwind the way, say, comp is this year? And sort of the corollary of the question is are there any headwinds that you would call out as we head into 2018 that are going to be noteworthy to say the way compensation was, or anything that just we should – as we sort of think of our modeling, should be sort of cognizant of?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No, is the short answer. I mean, at mid-single digits growth in fiscal year 2018, that would – the return to incentive comp would cease to be a headwind to us in the fiscal year. Regarding whether we're hiring or not, we are but we're balancing. So, my staff is looking for areas that bring us additional growth, but also looking at areas that aren't as important anymore. And so while the net increase is not large, we're constantly dynamically rebalancing where we need people, whether it's customer-facing employees, whether it's software developers. And so we are in the market and actively hiring, but we're also balancing to make sure that we don't create additional headwinds.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, Blake, all else equal, you return to mid-single digit, kind of your scenario where we would expect to go back to kind of a 30% to 40% variable contribution under that framework just based on your comments?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, John. 30% to 35% is the range we've shared before.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: That's right.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, John.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Oh, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wanted to kind of just I guess a follow on – on back to John's question there. So I think you called out FX as a one point hurt to A&S margins. I think you mentioned that, Patrick. Can you maybe just describe what impact FX is having? Is this mainly just due to the hedge movements or is there some geographic mix on sales? Any help, that would be good.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I don't think that this is an ongoing headwind. We had some significant changes during the quarter related to currency. That is impacting that. And then of course, benefit from the hedges year-over-year for this segment was a little bit less.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So the hedge impact will sort of normalize over the next couple of quarters or so?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. From an overall company perspective, the impact of hedges was about $1 million which was about neutral year-over-year.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay. That's great. And then as I think about the investment spending, obviously, you've been talking about investment spending for some time now, but as you're launching your cloud analytics layer, is the investment spending a little bit heavier than normal or is it still very much in the run rate?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It really is in the run rate. And as I mentioned before, as we're hiring people, we're prioritizing. So there's always a longer list of developments whether it's building out that information platform or it's our core developments in Logix and our intelligent motor control platform. There's always going to be a longer list than we're going to get to in terms of development. So we're asking our teams to prioritize. There is additional spend that's going to the information side, including the cloud but not just that. And as we talked about in the past, there's going to be a mix of organic development. It's a focus area for acquisitions and also leveraging the technology from our partners to make sure that that development burden on Rockwell doesn't become oversized.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. A quick modeling question. You've described the tax rate of 25% normalized. Is that the rate we should use for next year, Patrick?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think that will be in the range for next year at 25%, 26%, in that range. Yeah.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Nigel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Rick.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Blake, could you speak to the transportation vertical in the quarter, but specifically to the auto? And I'm curious, if we could have a growth rate on the auto and the influence geographically of auto. I presume it's Mexico and U.S.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I'll make some comments, and then Patrick will follow up with some additional color. One of the things that we're particularly proud of with auto, which is over 20% in the quarter, is the diversity of where that's coming from. So powertrain is actually performing a little bit better than our expectations. EV, so electric vehicle around the world is a material contributor including in Asia. And so those are very encouraging to us. In terms of traditional internal combustion automotive, that's fairly well balanced around the world, and it's a mix of the brand owners seeking to expand into new geographies, as well as the more frequent model changeovers that we've talked about in the past. And so that diversity has contributed significantly to our growth year-to-date.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Rick, Blake mentioned that auto is up over 20% year-over-year in Q3. Actually, we saw double-digit growth in auto in every region except in Latin America in this quarter.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So it's broad-based across different regions.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just out of curiosity, you mentioned EVs, but is the – I know Rockwell has some content on the automation side at Tesla and the Model 3, in addition to the battery assembly operations, kind of the gigaplant they have. But is there any pull forward, if you will, of automation spend given the timing on their launch with that model? Is that a noticeable blip in the third quarter and perhaps even the second quarter for auto?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I don't think we can really attribute that growth to that specific brand owner. What we're seeing is a lot of activity at the tier suppliers for EV around the world, not just for Tesla. And so it's broad-based. There's a lot of new companies seeking to participate in that business, and we're serving a lot of them. So, I would not attribute it exclusively to the model rebuild now.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just last question and a follow-up. Within the CP&S business, when I look at the quarter-to-quarter incremental profitability for CP&S, what would you attribute that to? Is that to the product growth there being greater than the solutions or...
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Rick, you're looking year-over-year? Or you're looking sequentially?
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I'm looking from the second quarter to the third quarter, the step up in profitability. I mean, incremental was like 85%.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. There's a couple of things. One is volume is up, right? So that is helping, we get leverage from volume. But also in the second quarter, you may recall we had the year-to-date adjustment related to incentive compensation. So we had an unusually high incentive compensation expense. We don't have that high of a headwind in the...
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: In the third.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: ... in the third quarter compared to the second. So think about volume leverage and then lower bonus incentive compensation.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: In the third versus second. Okay. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Correct.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Hi, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you maybe just talk about kind of what's going on in the U.S. automotive, specifically in the context of the current production schedules and then just what your customers are telling you on CapEx. I know Ford's cash was a little bit weak today, and they've been spending pretty heavily. Any kind of insights that they're giving you on – and there's also been some management changes. Any kind of insights that they're giving you on their plans for the next couple of years?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We've talked before about a relatively good visibility on automotive programs that goes out for a period of years and confirming the intention of continuing to spend on those programs with the brand owners, with the tier suppliers. We see that as continued strong for the foreseeable future. So certainly through the end of the year, but also beyond. And, again, the spend with us is primarily on some of the items that I mentioned before about model changes and expansion geographically. Over time, a reduced SAAR is going to impact us, but we continue to see strong revenue for the foreseeable future. The other thing I mentioned about the U.S. market is that's been a particularly a fertile ground for us in the information and Connected Enterprise pilots. So a lot of these brand owners are already using our smart products, our Logix and so on, but they're adding the information on top in some of the associated services. So that's additional customer share that we're seeing even in existing operation. So even when they're not going through a model change or capacity expansion as they seek to get better visibility into their production, reducing unplanned downtime, and some of the other key drivers of that new value.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. When you mix this kind of all-in and you think about the – you're guiding to kind of 6% now for the year. It looks like the fourth quarter is in that kind of 5.5% to 6% range. Does that feel like the type of economy we're in? Is your ability to kind of sustain – I guess, if I look at just general industrial activity at least across my sector, the organic seems to be in kind of the 3% range in maybe a 2% to 3% economy. Does this 5% to 6% growth rate kind of seem like, hey, this is sustainably what we can do given this market outgrowth in auto and the consumer dynamics in China, et cetera. Anything unusual about kind of this year's growth rate or this is what you expect going forward?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, without guiding to fiscal year 2018 organic growth...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't ask that, by the way. Just kidding.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: The macroeconomic indicators are solid. So PMI continued strong in most spots around the world. Industrial production continue, so largely unchanged from the last quarter. So we do feel like we're in a period of expansion.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I wanted to figure out – I just want to follow up on some auto, a little different tact here. With European diesel penetration coming in pretty significantly versus expectation, a lot of the plans focused on EV and gas-powered trains. The transition in Europe over the next few years, is that net positive content-wise for Rockwell?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I don't know that we've modeled the mix between the various transitions. There's some puts and takes in terms of the different parts of the assembly in powertrain process. Some require a little more automation, some a little less. I think the biggest single factor is expansion to new customers. So capitalizing on some of the openings we have within the brand owners, continued coverage in the tier suppliers around the world, release of new products that makes a difference, continuing to add value to our partnership with FANUC and others. I think those will have a bigger impact on our revenue growth than the pure split of automation content between EV and IC assembly.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So share of wallet is more important than kind of neutral in terms of powertrain mix.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Both customer share and the acquisition of new customers.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Okay. All right. And then as you look through the quarter, anything noteworthy in terms of trends in the U.S. market, in terms of the months and how things trended versus expectation?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No, Rich. I'd say it was a typical quarter. We always start the quarter a little bit slow, and then it picks up during the quarter, and that's what we saw in Q3.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And just a finer point on the guide for the balance of the year, typically your EPS in FQ4 is fairly similar to FQ3. You have a little bit tougher year-over-year organic growth rate in FQ4 versus FQ3, but seems like the FQ4 organic growth rate is somewhere around 5%. So just trying to gauge whether it's mix in there, conservatism, what kind of wouldn't keep you from getting close to FQ3 EPS?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So in Q4, we expect a little bit of a benefit compared to Q3 related to volume. Some of that – typically in Q4 is a pickup in our solutions business which tends to have somewhat of a negative mix impact. One of the items that's impacting Q4 is we expect our spending to be up sequentially and year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And so that is impacting the Q3 to Q4 performance from an earnings perspective. And then of course from an EPS perspective, we expect a somewhat higher tax rate in the fourth quarter which has a negative impact on EPS.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the color.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Maybe first just to pick up on that point, Patrick. So it did sound like when you were talking about the guide raise, you were talking about some offsets and incremental spend. It sounds like it's in the fourth quarter. But, I mean, Blake said earlier, it's in the base. But relative to what you were expecting, say, a quarter ago, is there now an elevated level of spending in the guide for 2017?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No, Jeff. There is not. The only, call it, increase we have is really related to incentive compensation. We increased the guide at the midpoint by about $0.10, and so there's a little bit more incentive compensation associated with that. And basically, that is being offset by the tailwind we get from a lower headwind of currency translation. Those two kind of net out.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And similar to Q2, although there's less year left to catch up on, is there – the Q3 then reflect kind of a catch-up year-to-date then on the higher incentive comp number?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. But it's a much smaller number, Jeff. So last quarter, I said that for the full year, the year-over-year increase is about $110 million, $115 million. Now it's about $5 million higher for the full year. And of that, $3 million was reflected in Q3, a little bit over $3 million, and the rest was reflected in – will be booked in Q4.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So much smaller numbers.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then just thinking about A&S specifically, give us a read on how A&S performed in the U.S.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So A&S, we said, was up organically 10.5% year-over-year. In the U.S. it was above that.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And in Europe, these projects that you're talking about that have caused some timing influence, a little bit of color on what's going on there and how you see that playing going forward?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think there's a little bit of movement between the different OEMs, for instance, in Europe. We continue to see very good adoption and good growth in our CompactLogix platform at a broad range of OEMs. The variability was really customer-specific. Some of our traditional customers may have purchased a little bit less in the quarter while we're building at some of the newer machinery builders. So that's really the majority of the variability.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then just one last one for me. At the midpoint of your range in your free cash flow conversion, you actually have raised your free cash flow per share $0.80 for the year, roughly. What is driving that?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, we have – first of all, from a free cash flow performance, what's helping us from a conversion point of view is the fact that we are accruing bonus which won't be get paid out till the first quarter of fiscal 2018. So that's worth about 10 points or so of conversion. And then the other thing that's helping really from a cash flow generation point of view, not the conversion, is that we're increasing our net income – our earnings performance for the year.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Right. But on incentive comp, you only went up $5 million from Q2 to Q3.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Oh. Yes. I think you're referring to going from 105% to 115%?
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think, it's having another good quarter of cash flow conversion behind us. That's the main driver, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Morning. Just a first question on A&S globally. You saw the organic sales growth. It was very good again in Q3, a little bit slower than Q2 off a tougher comp a year ago. So when you're looking at revenue growth outlook in that segment, should we expect that just to drift off as your comps get a lot tougher into the calendar fourth quarter and just looking out over six months, or is there any actual improvement in real end demand going on, or is end demand all-in pretty stable and it's just a function of comps driving your growth rate now?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Julian, I think we see continued strength and growth, but the year-over-year growth rates will moderate because, as you say, the comps get tougher.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I would also say we do feel confident that we're gaining share in core platforms. So at the growth we're seeing and comparing it against what external measures are available, we think we're taking share in A&S products.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. And looking at your sort of fourth quarter, should we expect that CP&S can hold the organic growth rate it saw in Q3 at about 6%?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It might be a little less than that. Yes. I would say similar, maybe a little.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Understood. And then lastly, a quick one. This is normally an issue for Rockwell, but so many electrical companies have mentioned some challenges around price or price cost in the last 10 days or so. I wonder if you were seeing any change in pricing dynamics in any particular region or product category right now?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No. We're in an intensively competitive market. I think we're guiding to a little less than a point of price because we're an asset light business, and mainly trade on intellectual capital, cost headwinds are not a significant new headwind for us.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning, Blake and Patrick.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Can you guys touch a little bit about what you're seeing in Europe? So in fiscal second quarter, you saw some good acceleration and I fully appreciate that the comps were tougher in fiscal 3Q. But maybe just a little bit more color on the slightly negative growth that you saw in Europe this quarter?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think as Blake mentioned earlier, actually, the growth in EMEA came in as we expected. And I would say that what we are seeing in the region is the timing of projects is driving some variability in our quarterly growth rates. We're not seeing an underlying trend that's different than what we expected. It's more related to timing of some of the projects we have throughout our businesses. We still expect to grow in EMEA for the full year. It's going to be below the company average. So that has not changed. And there are areas in EMEA where we continue to do well, for example, with machine builders and our mid-range controller family.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We also continue to see growth in the emerging parts of Europe.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And were there any particular areas within Europe that were weaker than you expected this quarter?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, every quarter, there is some variability. In this case, we saw good growth in emerging Europe, and some of the Western European countries were a little bit less than what we expected. But I wouldn't read too much into that. I think that's normal quarterly variability that we see all the time.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then you typically – you mentioned earlier on the call that you typically don't talk about the semiconductor space. I think it's a relatively small piece of your business. So maybe to the extent that you can quantify what percentage of sales semis is for you guys? And then more specifically, one of the trends we've seen this year is just electronic CapEx has been up a lot. So to the extent that you can just comment on cyclical versus potentially sustainable or structural growth in that industry, that would be helpful.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So first of all, semiconductor and electronic manufacturing and assembly are roughly 5% of our sales. And as you pointed out, they are in a period of investment. That's the chip production, that's the glass panel fabs. We have a particular strength in the facility management control system. So the environmental controls that are so important to those kinds of advanced manufacturing processes are an area that we're quite strong in. Characterized growth centered in Asia, in the U.S. especially, and they are in a period of good spend that's predicted to continue for a while, but there will be a certain cyclical element of that.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And you mentioned, just maybe follow-on there, you mentioned that China was up about 20%. What was your semiconductor business up this quarter?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: You mean, specifically within China?
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It was a little bit more than that. Actually, it was – yes, it was more than that in China.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: One of the things that contributes to the growth as well is for a lot of that business, it involves value add as well. So engineering services, panel fabrication. So it's not just the loose products, but it's also the value add that increases the value of those sales.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Solutions and services, which went down 3% last quarter, I think up 4% you said this quarter. We know solutions is big in heavy industries. You already mentioned that you still expect heavy industries to be up low-single digits for the year. Is there any evidence though that it is accelerating a little? I mean I know you mentioned nothing really going on in oil and gas. What about mining or some of the other segments of heavy industries? What contributed to that sort of inflection in the solutions business?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. It's still variable around the world. So we mentioned last quarter that we are seeing a bit of a improvement in mining in Asia, for instance, but we're not ready to call it broad-based around the world. We still see pressure from lower commodity prices like copper still below $3 a pound, and we're still dealing with overcapacity in steel, that's putting pressure on that. That being said, we've got some bright spots. So metals has been relatively strong as customers modernize and, in some cases, consolidate facilities but adding automation. In North America, the lower cost of feedstock in natural gas is giving us good growth in chemical. So it's spotty around the world. We're not ready to call a general recovery, but there are spots that have contributed to that relatively improved performance in solutions and services.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Andy, obviously, what's helping us is that some of those heavy industries are not as a significant drag now than they were a year ago or several quarters ago.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, guys. And, Blake, maybe somewhat related, process was up 8% in the quarter, which continued to improve from last quarter. Would you say that pickup in growth is more Rockwell-specific based on things like your hybrid control offerings, or is it just the process markets themselves are improving?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think it's both. I mentioned before the chemical market. Certainly, the continued evolution of our PlantPAx control platform has helped. It's going to continue to help. We've got a lot of developments lined up over the next few years that are going to increase our competitiveness there. But at least is important is the domain expertise. So we're better able to serve, for instance, the chemical market because of the MAVERICK acquisition. And that domain expertise is absolutely critical to foster the trust in those customers that we know how to address their mission critical applications. So I'd really say it's a mix of our improved ability to serve the market, as well as a recovery in some areas and some diversification in terms of our ability to address additional process control applications.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. This is Kristen on for Noah. Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: So, you mentioned in the release, you have been seeing some significant results on the Connected Enterprise pilot programs. I'm just wondering if you can give us any sort of specific examples or maybe quantify the tangible results that you're seeing? And how are you seeing those pilot programs as they transition to full-scale deployment?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Happy to do that. As we've talked about, we're very pleased with the evolution of these pilots. We have a couple dozen that we're formally tracking across different industries and different parts of the world. We've made some public announcements about a few of those, Metso, in the mining world as we partner with them, in conjunction with Microsoft, to be able to enhance their ability to add value to end user customers in areas like remote monitoring. Great Lakes Brewing, craft brewery located in Cleveland, is using some of our device-level analytics and some of our reporting tools to get better production visibility. Again, that's one that we're working with Microsoft to deliver that value for them. It's a great story. It's giving value to that individual customer, but it's also something that will, no doubt, expand to other similar operations. It's an easy way to get started and to get the value from the Connected Enterprise, from that integrated control and information without having to send all the data to the cloud in a very expensive and high-risk type of application. In oil and gas, we've talked about companies like Shell in the past that continue to expand their use of our information solutions and connected services. So really across industries and across geographies, we're happy with the evolution. In terms of quantifying the specific value, we think it's contributing to our very strong product growth as customers put that foundation in place. That's where the data comes from. But also we still believe that we're on track to deliver double-digit growth from some of the areas of new value in the Connected Enterprise, the information solutions, and the connected services that customers turn to as they try to integrate that control and information.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: No, that's very helpful. And then just sort of as my follow-up, we saw another great quarter of cash generation, continuing to generate just tremendous amount of cash on the balance sheet. So in light of that, how are you thinking about capital deployment priorities at this stage?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. That has not changed. So we'll fund our organic growth, that's priority number one. We continue to look for acquisitions that have a very good strategic fit and that will help us grow faster organically as well. And then after that, we continue to target a dividend with a yield and payout that's at the median of our peers. And finally after that, we return cash through share repurchases. So that remains very consistent.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company. Your line is now open.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Justin. Good morning.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: First question relates to oil and gas. I guess, I'm not sure if you broke out how oil and gas performed in the quarter. And then secondly, was that really the only market that maybe didn't do as well as you expected in the June quarter or were there other markets that sort of fell short of your expectations?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Actually, I'd say that oil and gas for us in the quarter, just like mining, they were actually up a little, call it low single-digit. But we think it's more maybe some hovering around the bottom than anything more than that. We're not seeing a big turnaround yet in those verticals.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. And so the ones we typically talk about and we've talking about together over the last couple of quarters has been oil and gas and then a broad-based mining recovery. And going back a few years, we were used to outsize growth in those areas. And even though we did see low single-digit growth in mining and oil and gas in the quarter, we're not ready to call a general inflection point across the world.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: That's why we continue to believe and our guidance continues to assume no year-over-year growth for the full year for both of these verticals.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Second would be on the question of currency tailwinds. I mean, you mentioned that you're going to have about $5 million of incentive comp, and that will be more or less offset by the FX tailwinds over the quarter just completed and the September quarter. I mean, should we think about the FX tailwind sort of picking up as we get into fiscal year 2018 if exchange rates stay at current levels? And sort of what will be the puts and takes to think about how the changing currency environment will affect profitability going forward?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So we're not necessarily known for being good forecasters of currency. But at the current levels of currency, instead of having a tailwind, it could be a small – instead of having a headwind like we have this year, it could be somewhat of a positive. It's still early. Currencies move around, and we'll share with you in November what our assumptions are for fiscal 2018.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you. And then finally, just – Latin American strength has been exceptional. I mean, it continues to be exceptional. I know, it's something a lot of people take for granted, but it's really a strong point of the company in this quarter in particular. Is there any dynamic there that is worth highlighting given the strong comp? And obviously, Brazil is not particularly rosy now so the strong results stands out even further.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, I agree. It is remarkable. It's a source of traditional strength for the company. A lot of that growth has been centered recently in Mexico as Brazil and Venezuela, among others, deal with continuing political uncertainty. And we enjoy in Mexico and in some countries diverse space. So it's not just the heavy industry, but it's automotive, it's food/beverage, tire manufacturers are locating in Latin America. So those would be a few additional comments about that growth. But it's a source of pride for us. So we have that relatively strong share in Latin America.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Thanks for fitting my questions in, or questions. I guess, the first question is maybe following up on capital allocation. I mean, obviously, we haven't gotten much in the way of policy traction for the Trump administrational on tax and there's the limited visibility there, particularly with respect to repatriation. But at some point, is there urgency to kind of come up with new framework for your capital allocation given the prevailing environment? I mean, do you think you have to, just to put a finer point on what kind of your priorities are or sizing the priorities in terms of capital allocation or bringing back cash? I mean, could we talk about that for a little bit?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I think, the answer is, Rob, that we – obviously, we look forward to potential tax reform including the lower rates, including an opportunity to repatriate cash, including moving towards a territorial tax system. But absent that, we can continue doing what we have been doing for the last several years. There is no need for us to repatriate the cash that's overseas. It's permanently reinvested there. And as our cash needs in the U.S. are larger than our cash generation, we continue to gross up the balance sheet. And so there is no need for us to change it at this time. The one item that could change that is if for some reason our credit rating would come into play, but I think we're still far away from that.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then as a follow up, in terms of the acquisition opportunity and landscape, this is kind of two questions tied together. I guess, Blake, where do you see the most opportunity to structurally improve some of your businesses from a domain expertise standpoint or from distribution or geographic distribution? Where do you see the biggest opportunities for M&A or collaboration?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Well, just to reiterate, when we look at acquisitions, we look at their ability to accelerate our technology innovation, our domain expertise and/or our market access. And the best ones bring us benefits in multiple of those dimensions. On the technology side, information solutions is a particularly interesting area for us. In domain expertise, process continues to be an important opportunity for us. And then market access, as you would expect in some places, Asia, Europe where we have lower relative share, there are opportunities there as well. We're looking at our acquisition pipeline which is robust, first, in terms of the strategic fit in those dimensions, and we're satisfied and optimistic that what we've talked about before as our ability to grow on top line, have accretive acquisitions, but most importantly have them contribute to the strategy in areas like information management, analytics and so on.
Robert Paul McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'll leave it there. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rob.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Steven W. Etzel - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc. John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Patrick Goris, Senior Vice President and CFO. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings release conference call. With me today is Blake Moret, our President and CEO; Steve Etzel, Vice President of Investor Relations is unable to be with us this morning as he is attending a personal matter. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company, and are therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. This was a good quarter for us. Organic growth was 7%, which was better than we expected. Growth was broad based across most regions and industries. Globally, transportation was particularly strong. We also saw signs of improvement in certain verticals within heavy industries. Overall, the economic environment has improved. From a regional perspective, our largest market, the U.S., grew over 5%, continuing the trend we saw in Q1. We saw growth in most verticals, led by strong performance in automotive. We also saw growth in some of the heavy industries in this region. As expected, EMEA returned to growth and was up 12% year-over-year. Growth in the region was strong in both developed and emerging markets. OEMs in this region are adopting our latest midrange technology. We then saw double-digit growth in Asia. The transportation in consumer verticals continued to perform well. Heavy industry saw growth, except in oil and gas, where capital spending remained soft. Most countries in the region were up, including China, which again grew double digits. Latin America declined 3%, as growth in Mexico was more than offset by declines in Brazil and the rest of the region. I'll make a few additional comments about the quarter. Our recent acquisitions continued to perform well, and contributed almost 2% of sales growth. Our Process Business improved, and was up 3% year-over-year organically. If you add our recent Maverick acquisition, Process was up double-digits. Architecture & Software had a very strong quarter, with almost 14% organic growth. Within this segment, Logix was up 13% compared to last year. I'm also pleased with double-digit EPS growth in the quarter. Patrick will elaborate on Q2 financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2017. The macro outlook continues to improve. Recent projections of industrial production growth have been adjusted upward and rates are expected to improve over the course of the year. We expect continued growth in the consumer and transportation verticals. We now expect heavy industries to be slightly up for the year, even with continued softness in oil and gas and mining. Turning to guidance. Taking the macro outlook and our strong first half into consideration, we now expect fiscal 2017 organic sales growth in the range of 4.5% to 7.5%. Including the impact of acquisitions and the smaller headwind from currency, we now project fiscal 2017 sales of approximately $6.25 billion at the midpoint of guidance and are increasing the adjusted EPS guidance range to $6.45 to $6.75. At the midpoint, this guidance represents 11% EPS growth for the year. Patrick will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it back over to Patrick, let me add a few comments. We're obviously pleased with our results through the first half of fiscal 2017. The Connected Enterprise is gaining traction, and we are increasing the number of pilots across industries, applications and geographies. As we move forward, we will sharpen the focus of our investments to expand the value we provide in the Connected Enterprise. We are confident that our differentiation will continue to fuel attractive returns for our share owners. I also want to highlight two additional accomplishments during the quarter. We are very proud to have received the Ethisphere award for the ninth time, naming us as one of the world's most ethical companies. This recognition is a testament to our strong culture of integrity. We are also proud to have been one of the 2017 Catalyst Award winners. The Catalyst Award honors innovative organizational approaches that address the recruitment, development and advancement of women, and have led to proven measurable results. We are thrilled to receive this recognition from Catalyst for our culture of inclusion journey, demonstrating our commitment to our employees, customers and community. Our people are the foundation of our company's success and we're committed to creating an environment where employees can and want to do their best work every day. Our employees, partners and suppliers continue to make the difference at our customers, the dedication and enthusiasm creates a loyalty that sets us apart. With that, I'll turn it back over to Patrick. Who, as you know, recently joined my senior leadership team as CFO; many of you know Patrick from his former role in Investor Relations. Patrick?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I'll start on slide 4, second quarter key financial information. As Blake mentioned, we had good sales performance in the quarter, with reported sales up 7.9%, organic growth was 6.8%, acquisitions contributed 1.7%, and currency translation reduced sales by 0.6%. Segment operating margin of 19% was down a bit compared to last year. A margin tailwind from strong organic growth was offset by the restoration of incentive compensation. Given our revised sales and EPS outlook for the full year, our second quarter results also reflect a year-to-date true-up of incentive compensation accruals. And as expected, spending also picked up in the quarter. General corporate-net expense of $21 million was up a little year-over-year. And adjusted EPS of $1.55 was up $0.18 compared to the second quarter of last year, an increase of 13%. The increase in adjusted EPS is primarily due to higher sales and a lower tax rate, partially offset by higher incentive compensation. As I mentioned, the tax rate in the quarter was lower than last year. The adjusted effective tax rate was about 450 basis points lower, contributing about $0.09 of adjusted EPS. The main driver of the lower tax rate is a tax benefit related to the adoption of the new accounting standard for equity-based compensation, as we mentioned on the call last quarter. We have not included any potential future benefit from this in our guidance for the year. We're pleased with our free cash flow performance in the quarter. Free cash flow was $273 million, or 135% of adjusted income. 12-month trailing return on invested capital was 36.4%. A few additional items not shown on the slide, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 130.3 million, down 1 million or less than 1% compared to last year. And we repurchased about 690,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $105 million. Through two quarters, we are basically on track to spend $400 million on share repurchases this fiscal year. At March 31, we had $759 million remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. Moving on to slide 5, sales and margin performance of the Architecture & Software segment. This segment had an exceptional quarter with 14.2% sales growth, organic sales were up 13.7% year-over-year, currency translation reduced sales by 0.7%, and acquisitions contributed 1.2%. Segment margin improved from 24.6% to 26.5% year-over-year, almost 2 points. Strong operating leverage associated with the sales growth was partially offset by higher incentive compensation. As expected, spending was also up year-over-year. Slide 6 provides the sales and margin performance overview for the Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in this segment were up 3%, organic sales were up 1.4%, currency translation reduced sales by 0.4%, and acquisitions contributed 2%. For the product businesses in this segment, organic sales were up about 8%. Solutions and services sales were down about 3%. Orders in our solutions and services businesses in this segment were up year-over-year, and we are pleased with a strong book-to-bill performance of 1.17% in Q2. As expected, segment operating margin contracted year-over-year in this segment. Segment margin of 12.6% was down 260 basis points compared to Q2 last year, primarily due to higher incentive compensation. We expect segment margins to improve in the balance of the year for this segment. The next slide, 7, provides an overview of our sales performance by region. Blake covered most of this in his remarks, so I will just add a few comments. You will note that our Q2 organic growth was broad based, with all regions up 5% or more with the exception of Latin America. Our highest growth regions were EMEA and Asia-Pacific. In Asia-Pacific, China was up about 10% and we saw strong growth in most countries in this region. In Latin America, continued growth in Mexico was more than offset by weakness elsewhere in the region. And finally, we saw a good growth in emerging markets. So in summary, good, broad-based growth performance in Q2; and this takes us to the guidance slide. As Blake mentioned, we are increasing our sales and EPS guidance for fiscal 2017. Based on stronger-than-expected organic sales performance in the first half and a significant increase in our backlog, we are increasing our expectation for organic growth to a range of 4.5% to 7.5%. At the midpoint, this reflects a 3 point increase in organic growth compared to our January guidance from 3% to 6%. As a reference, our organic growth for the first half of fiscal 2017 was 5.3%. Based on current currency rates, we now expect a slightly smaller headwind from currency translation, about 1.5 points. Our outlook for the sales contribution from acquisitions remains unchanged at 1.5%. In short, the combined impact of currency translation and acquisitions on the topline is expected to be about neutral. At the midpoint, we now project sales of about $6.25 billion compared to a little over $6 billion in the January guidance, an increase of a little over $200 million. We now expect segment margin to be closer to 20.5%. This implies full-year earnings conversion of a little under 25% for fiscal 2017. As expected, the restoration of incentive compensation is causing earnings conversion to be lower than we would typically project with this level of organic sales growth. We believe the full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be closer to 22%, mainly a reflection of the lower tax rate in the first half of this fiscal year. The adjusted EPS guidance range is now $6.45 to $6.75. At the midpoint, this reflects a $0.45 increase from the January guidance. The lower tax rate accounts for about $0.12 of this increase. We now expect free cash flow conversion to be over 105% of adjusted income. And a couple of other items, general corporate-net is expected to be a little over $70 million for the full year; and finally, we expect we expect fully average diluted shares outstanding to be 129.9 million, that's about 0.3 million shares higher than the January guidance. With that, we'll move to the Q&A. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So, please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from UBS. Your line is open.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, as you look at this pickup in spending. Can you – based on what you're hearing from customers, how much do you think that is kind of a catch-up from deferred maintenance and upgrades that should have been done that people were putting off versus adoption of the new technology offerings that you have out there?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We really don't see this as an unusual surge that's going to quickly go away and the reason that we have the confidence in that is that, the growth is somewhat broad based. These aren't one-time big projects that we've been tracking. The diversity and the relatively small size of the projects that we're seeing lead us to believe that this isn't a surge or a catch-up from deferred spending in the main part.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would also say, Shannon, that generally we've seen the projections for industrial production also improve. So, I think some of this is just a general improvement in the economic condition.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, Blake, as you've done more of these Connected Enterprise pilots and continue to roll them out, how are you feeling about your value proposition that puts a premium on domain expertise, while partnering with cloud providers and things like that. I mean, do you – are you getting – is it reinforcing your view that Rockwell's position of where this is heading or are you thinking – are you noticing some things that maybe you have some holes to fill or anything like that? Just some perspective on what you're learning from the pilots?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Shannon, our recent experience make us very confident in our strategy. So the combination of our technology, our domain expertise and the partners that we're bringing into bear on these customer problems across a variety of industries and across the world make us more optimistic than ever that we're on the right path. The other important point is that the concept of pilots of taking these in tangible bite-sized chunks to start with is really resonating with customers as opposed to telling them that they have to rip down everything they already have across their enterprise. So that step-by-step approach, recognizing that customers all started different places on the journey is really resonating with the people we're talking with.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Shannon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Scott.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess Blake, it's nice to start your new job and also Patrick on an upswing. So I hope...
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It is.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...beginning, yeah. Anyways, I am trying to get a sense, I mean, what – a couple of questions on – all related to Control Products & Solutions. I mean, first the comp increase, it wasn't as if the segment itself had all that great of a quarter, so is our folks in that segment compensated overall for the firm overall and participate in the rest of the firm's success or is it more specific to Control Products and somewhat unusual to see a kind of a 1% up organic and then down margin on comp this early in the cycle.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So Scott, we – both segments share a common sales organization and common supply chain. So, a very large part of the incentive compensation within both segments relates to the overall performance of the company. It is a part that's segment specific, but the vast majority relates to the performance of the overall company.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, it looks like you got a pretty big book-to-bill, I think if I heard you right, you said 1.17%. Was it 117% or 1.07%, I don't know, you can clarify that.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: 1.17%.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. What kind of work are you seeing in that backlog, is it retrofits, upgrades, new capacity? I mean any trends there or patterns that you can talk about?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I'd say, the majority of it is retrofits and upgrades. There's some new capacity in certain industries, fairly diverse set of industries represented there. So we saw semiconductor, metals, infrastructure, power, chemical, even outside of the Maverick acquisition, so fairly broad based. And again, the work that we're seeing, these aren't large one-time projects as much as they are more moderate-sized projects and flow business.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Very helpful. Congrats, guys, good luck and I'll pass it on.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Patrick, Blake, so what – can you actually quantify please the hedging and compensation headwinds in the quarter and what you're expecting them to be for the year? And does all this neutralize in 2018 if the cadence of business continues at its current pace or do you still face these headwinds?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So, John, if we look through the first half of the fiscal year, the year-over-year headwind of incentive comp is $55 million to $60 million. Of that, $20 million was booked in Q1, and the remainder, so $35 million to $40 million was booked in Q2. The good news is that for next year, given our current outlook for the full year, we do not expect another headwind from incentive compensation next year, whatever our guidance range will be.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, your profit conversion is what then ex these headwinds? I can't do quick math?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Oh. If you look at it – and the best way look at it is through the first half of the year, given there was a catch-up in 2Q. So through the first half of the year, earnings conversion as reported is up a little over 20%. If you adjust for the incentive comps that I mentioned, you get closer to 45% to 50% year-over-year earnings conversion for the first six months.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Which is what we would have expected, right? That makes...
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Which is in the range of what we would expect, yes.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then Patrick, if you look at your CapEx in the first half, just on the cash flow statement, it's up 28% versus last year. Similarly, your stock repurchases are down 28%. I guess you said those catch up in the back half, what are you spending the extra money on? It's not an insignificant amount. And is this like expansionary capacity or upgrade or related to Connected Enterprise? Is there like a payback on the stuff, or maybe a little more color would be helpful?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So in general, capital expenditures, you can put them in three buckets. One would be general maintenance, the other one would be R&D related, including investments related to the Connected Enterprise, and the third bucket would be IT related. And so, we do see an uptick in CapEx, and some of that is related to our R&D investment. But that doesn't change that obviously, we remain an asset-light company. Most of our investments are P&L investments rather than CapEx.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. But I mean 28% is not a little bit of spending, I mean that's a lot. Is there some – is it a first-half weighted issue, or is there just some big program in R&D or I mean...
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No. I would say it's pretty general. There is nothing specific, and we do think that for the full year, we'll get closer to the $150 million, which is higher than last year. So last year, obviously we pulled back a little, our results were a little bit weaker and so, this year, we'll spend more on CapEx.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just last. If business continues at this pace, are you guys going to have to hire? I mean you've articulated how, over the years, your model doesn't require a lot of sort of operational ramp if business goes up a ton, and I am assuming in the downturn you haven't really downsized. So, are you right sized to accommodate these big increases in future volume, or you're going to have to go higher, in theory?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We still believe that the 30% to 35% conversion on incremental volume holds. So, there will be some hiring in certain places, particularly in customer-facing activities, so for services and sales. But the basic conversion on the incremental sales remains as we've discussed before.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And from a CapEx point of view, John, 2.25% to 2.5% of sales, I think, is a reasonable ballpark to assume.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, got it. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, gents.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Yeah, hi. Just want to go back to the book-to-bill, 1.17%, I think, is the strongest you've seen since 1Q 2010. So, obviously very strong. You talked about the end markets, it sounds like from the end market discussion, that this is mainly in the emerging markets, but have we seen a big pick-up in book-to-bill in the U.S.? And I'm also curious as well, whether we've seen some pricing pressure, given large (26:25) productivity is still in the very early stages of recovery. So, I'm just wondering if you're seeing some pricing pressure in that backlog?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would say, Nigel, that that book-to-bill was broad based across regions and industry, so not only in emerging markets. And as Blake mentioned, many different industries I would say where we have not seen a significant increase yet is oil and gas and mining.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay and on the pricing side, Patrick?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: On the pricing side, I would say what we mentioned on the call last quarter is that we had some lower-margin projects in backlog in our Control Products & Solutions segment, some of that is now flowing through the P&L. But we do not expect that headwind to get worse; we would expect that to be slightly improving over the next several quarters. So, we don't see...
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So, the 2.5 points of CPS pressure, was that in part due to pricing or was it too small to call out?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, the vast majority of it is all incentive compensation, that's the biggest headwind. Sales is somewhat of a tailwind to CP&S margins in the quarter, and then margin, what we just discussed was a slight headwind, but it's less than a point.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Great start to the year.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, just in China, can you just give us a little more specific color on the verticals there? I know auto for these other guys, like 3M and ITW, is obviously different businesses, but up in kind of the 20% to 30% range, some – there's been mixed messaging around the process industry there. You mentioned electronics, maybe that's been influencing China, but maybe just unpack the 10% growth in China a little bit with the end markets?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So, Steve, actually auto for us was about flat in Q2 in China, and we don't expect to grow year-over-year in China in auto for the full year. So, where we did see growth in China is some of the consumer verticals, including Life Sciences, tire continues to be strong for us. But we have also seen a pickup in some of the heavy industries, not oil and gas, but mining was up a little bit and so was metals. Semiconductor also...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Interesting.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Semiconductor also contributed to the growth in China.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Didn't you guys crush the kind of China number in auto in the first quarter? So is there some give back there in the second half? I thought you guys had a really strong first quarter there in auto.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I do not recall, but I think for the full year, as I said, we don't expect year-over-year growth in auto in China.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Interesting. And then just lastly on the – I don't like to usually ask these kind of soft high-level macro questions, but with all the buzz around what the President, the new President is trying to do on manufacturing in the U.S., have you seen any tangible signs that some of this stuff is coming to the table. Seems to be some bite-sized machine tool type of orders from companies, not necessarily like entire plants or lines or anything like that at this stage, but any signs of life there related to their press to finally make the U.S. manufacturing renaissance more of a reality than just an analyst discussion?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure, a couple of comments on that. First of all, there's no question that there's a pervasive optimism among most manufacturers about the prospects for more competitive environment going forward. We haven't seen large evidence of wholesale re-shoring. We have some anecdotal evidence that certain of our customers have slowed or delayed any moves that they might have been considering to move manufacturing out of the U.S. And we certainly see manufacturers, both U.S.-based manufacturers and manufacturers from the rest of the world optimistic about the power of the American consumers. So you see new tire plant and so on that are being located in the U.S. I don't think anybody is factoring in tangible changes. I'm trying to guess what the form of any (31:19) might look like at the end. But there's a general optimism there.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And when you say these guys are stopping moving to other parts of the world, do you typically when they move that stuff – do you typically kind of see that business on the other side of the pond or the border?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Usually we do. I mean, some of our strongest customers are U.S. based multinationals who have a large footprint around the world. We go after everyone regardless of where that plant is.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Great color, guys. Great start to the year. Congratulations.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And Steve, auto in China in Q1 was up less than 5%.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gents. Just for a clarification on the incentive comp. So do we go back to kind of a ratable rate of 20% a quarter in Q3 and Q4, which was kind of what the prior ratable rate was or you caught up on the accruals for the year with this mover here in the second quarter?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Maybe the way you can think about is, Jeff, is for the full year our year-over-year increase in incentive comp is in the $110 million to $115 million range for the full year. Of that, we've booked half to two quarters and we booked $10 million in Q2 than in Q1.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got it.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And so in the back half of the year, we'll have another $55 million or so headwind year-over-year of incentive compensation expense.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And how about kind of traditional growth spending, you said on the prior call you took it up $10 million versus the prior plan, has there been any change in outlook there?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We've increased it a little bit in our latest guidance, but less than $10 million for the full year now, we think spending will be up about 3%, excluding the incentive compensation expense.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Up 3% in aggregate or 3%...
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, the full year, excluding the incentive compensation expense.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got it. Blake, just back to your comment that Connected Enterprise isn't about rip and replace and kind of a technology migration has always been central to what's going on at Rockwell, but with this dynamic of PLC-5 and end-of-life and kind of support ending on the product, have you seen an uptick in that sort of activity, maybe not wholesale rip and replace, but kind of a broader reassessment of the footprint that what the investment might be required in some of your legacy installed base?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Just to clarify, support for the PLC-5 will go on for many years, so you won't be able to buy a new one forever, but we'll continue to support the PLC-5 for a long, long time. That being said, I would say that the upgrade cycle of customers moving to Logix or CompactLogix technology has maybe ticked up a bit, and that takes several forms. So that could be a complete project that one of our services and solutions businesses undertakes. It could be an offer to make it attractive to get the newer hardware. And many times, the engineering is performed by our system integrator network. So that presents itself in a variety of ways. We see customers doing that to get the performance from newer processors, and also to be able to take advantage of the information management capabilities of those. So, this is very much a part of the overall Connected Enterprise value proposition, it's not just the higher level of software and services; it begins with that solid foundation of smart connected products.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Right. And then just finally for me, do you have in the U.S., how a – specifically A&S in the U.S. performs?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So, A&S was up organic about close to 14%, and in the U.S., it was up a little above that.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Wanted to, Blake, what are the assumptions now for auto and consumer for the balance of the year? I mean, you had a high single-digit growth, (36:17) better than in the guidance, auto was pretty strong this quarter. I assume, there maybe been a change to that?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So transportation is expected to be up high-teens for the full year with automotive higher than tire when we look at those together. Consumer will also be – will be strong for the full year. And within that, food and beverage is strong, Life Sciences, although smaller is really very strong, continues a trend that we've seen for some time, and then home and personal care a little bit weaker.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, the consumer piece would be less than high-teens, in terms of the growth?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: But better than before. Okay. All right.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: A little better than (37:04)
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right. Okay. And then, same thing on heavy industry, should we think low single-digit type growth for the year now at this point?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. Yes.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just...
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: (37:14) the prior guidance.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, the restructuring, I think, you had anticipated doing $10 million of restructuring for the year. Is that still in numbers for this year?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Rich, I think that's a safe assumption, and that's kind of the normal run rate that we do every year.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just the last one on book-to-bill. So, any flavor on front-log for the oil and gas, mining markets, metals markets and what you're seeing? I know you talked about not really seeing that come through in the book-to-bill at this point, still early, but what's your level of optimism as we go through the next few quarters?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah, there's – and we've talked before in the heavy industries and in particular oil and gas and mining, there are parts of the world that we've seen a little bit of additional orders uptake, but on balance, that's not expected to have a big impact on shipments in the full year. So, there's increased quoting activity, but we're not seeing wholesale evidence that we have hit an inflection point in those components of the heavy industries. The slightly improved forecast for heavy industries is really driven by some of the other areas, which are in themselves significant, things like metals and infrastructure and chemical and power.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Hi, good morning.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Just a question first around process industries, in the past you'd called out that was your biggest single growth opportunity, during the process downturn the last two or three years, it looked like your sales performed less well than a lot of your peers. So now that those markets seem to have bottomed out, are you confident that you will return to a share growth or share gain outlook over the next two years?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We are. We think it's several components that contribute to share gains in that area. Obviously the technology is a piece of it as PlantPAx continues to mature and gain in functionality. But as important is the domain expertise and that's on the part of the people representing our offering, as well as the people delivering it. We certainly got a big boost with the Maverick acquisition, not only in their specific business, but in the help they can provide us around the world and we think that we've taken some steps to invest in that expertise, as well as in the market access. So we're pleased with the development of our process capabilities and we do think that that's going to be a significant contributor to our growth going forward. One of the things we've talked about before with process is because this is a relatively newer part of our growth strategy; we don't have the very large installed base of annuity services in that area. So we have that as less of a hedge against project downturn. But that is certainly an important part of [Technical Difficulty] (40:41)
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Thank you. And then, Blake, since you became Chief Executive, we have seen and heard a more confident tone on acquisitions at the company, and as you have said M&A added just under 2% to sales in the second quarter. How are you assessing the M&A pipeline today? Obviously a lot of targets out there given your growth aspirations and you have the luxury of your own valuation not being particularly depressed, which may make it easier to get deals done?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. So, we remain primarily an organic growth company first and foremost, but we do look at M&A, as we've talked about to add a point or more of growth a year. Importantly, it's to accelerate the execution of our strategy. So we look first at acquisitions, for their ability to add to our technology innovation, our domain expertise and/or our market access. And we do have a good pipeline, it's got little targets and it's got some big targets from around the world. So we're looking at that, and our intention is to increase the positive impact of acquisitions.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Thank you. And then just last boring one from me, just on cadence of demand through the quarter in recent months, was there anything noteworthy to call out, or it was fairly steady as you went through?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would say it's fairly steady.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy from Stifel. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen. I guess the first question would be around the A&S strength. Could you just take it from the top, in terms of what you're seeing, are you seeing share gain, are you seeing pricing? Any kind of color beyond what you've offered to just kind of categorize what is frankly freakish growth?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, we think that it is translating into share gains. We think some of the areas of particular strength for A&S are, of course, Logix. So including ControlLogix as well as CompactLogix, where we're seeing continued success in winning new OEMs with our midrange offering. We're also seeing motion as a strong contributor, and that's certainly a product family that's in high demand by OEMs, material handling and packaging OEMs. So those are a couple of the highlights. We think there's no question that the macro is helping, but we think we're taking share because we're offering new products that are what the market wants.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A similar question on the strength in EMEA. Could you kind of dissemble where you're seeing particular pockets of strength or share gain?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, transportation was strong in EMEA and as well the midrange gains, which are often at consumer machinery builders or a couple of places. We're seeing activity among the tier suppliers within automotive, and some of that activity is driven by certainly powertrain, as well as electric vehicle activity.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would also say, Robert, that obviously we're pleased with the 12% growth in EMEA, but we don't expect that rate of growth for the entire year. So, we were down a little bit there in the first quarter. We mentioned that we'd see growth for the balance of the year and obviously we saw a good Q2. But don't expect those rates of growth for the remaining quarters of the year in that region.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The last question is just around Process. Could you just size the current state of – excuse me, the size of the Process Business, I think you kind of quantified what the growth was? And then, could you just talk about where your structural constraints are there, in terms of industries? What does that question mean, the question means basically, I think refining is a little bit of a bridge too far for you to kind of get – take meaningful share in that market, but are there certain markets where you think are go, no-go at the fringes of Process from your perspective?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Well, Process – and Patrick will come back and size the overall business for us. What we typically are talking about in Process is the control portion. So there is a significant amount of business that we enjoy that we're not tracking as closely that goes into Process applications that's more power centric. So what we're really talking about is where we're beating DCS suppliers to do the basic process control. If you take kind of the two ends of the spectrum, at one end you have primary process control in a refinery, which is not a target application for us. At the other end, you had batch or hybrid control, which may very often sit in a customer that also has discrete packaging. And that's one of the most available areas for us that we're doing a lot of today, where a customer finds it valuable to have a single control platform that is used in the wet end and the dry end of the plant, so to speak. There's a number of applications that do fit into continuous process control that are available to us. We see some aspects of chemical, like the specialty chemical business for instance, Life Sciences, where we have good solution for those applications. So there's a continuum. That also changes in time, as we add functionality to PlantPAx in a very deliberate way. We have the technology and the expertise to address those applications, we bring in another set as part of our targets.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And Rob, the size is about $750 million.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And is there any border upon which applications you really don't go into at this point in time?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, the one I mentioned. So the primary process control in a refinery is not one that we would invest time in. In a given refinery, there is typically quite a bit of Rockwell installed base of intelligent motor control products. There is also a lot of process safety that we can participate in for emergency shutdown and fire and gas safety, but the primary process control is not a focus at this time.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. I know a company that does have that focus. Well, thanks, and sorry for not asking soft macro questions.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you talk a little bit more about free cash flow? I think you've done almost 130% free cash flow conversion in the first half of the year. Now seasonally, you're going to do a stronger second half of the year? Has it been any pull-forward in cash in the first half, because your cash conversion target does seem, I know, you raised it, but it still seems pretty conservative based on what you've done?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. So, we – you're right. We raised our cash flow now. We now think it will be a little over a 105%. Typically, we see some pickup in capital spending in the back half of the year. And then, obviously, we want to make sure that those are from working capital point of view, given our sales increase that we are covered there. So, I'm comfortable with a 105% plus conversion for the full year. And obviously, if needed, we'll update that at the July earnings call.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that Patrick. And then Blake, can you give us a little more color on your thoughts on Latin American growth in the quarter? I mean, you mentioned it turned negative led by Brazil. I mean, the markets there seem to have bottomed. But did Mexico decelerate a bit in the quarter? And then, how are you thinking about Latin America and Mexico, in particular going forward?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Mexico continues to be a source of strength for us. And it's across a variety of the industries. It's just not enough to more than compensate for the geopolitical uncertainty throughout most of the rest of the region. So between Brazil and Venezuela, just as a couple of them, Mexico wasn't able to keep the overall region in continued growth.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Do you guys think overall the region can grow this year or is it kind of been flattish or down?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We do expect Latin America to be up this year. But it's going to be below the company average.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Andy.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. And good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So I guess my first question, when I take a look at your growth guidance for the year and really kind of towards the high-end, given that your trends in A&S were really strong this quarter and CP&S had a very good book-to-bill, highest we've seen this cycle. I'm just wondering, why wouldn't we get towards the higher end of the growth guidance range for 2017 and what potential puts are there in the second half of the year that you guys perhaps are concerned about?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance from a regional point of view, the U.S., our largest market is growing at about that rate that is faster than what we've done in the U.S. in the first half of the year. We see Canada and Asia-Pacific above the company average and we see EMEA, Latin America a little bit below. If you look from the midpoint, so what would take us above that or below that is faster growth in heavy industries, maybe a pickup in mining in oil and gas that we're not counting on. But then again, we've increased our guidance by 3 points of organic growth, almost $200 million compared to our guidance a quarter ago and given our backlog and book-to-bill, we think we're comfortable with that.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Fair enough. That was a great quarter and really strong trends. So, I guess maybe the second question there is, is really you talked about pricing a little bit earlier, because the growth has picked up more than we expected, I think probably more than you expected at the start of the year, maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a pricing standpoint today versus perhaps even just three months ago?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yeah. I would just say maybe from an overall company perspective, for the full year and for the second quarter, we still saw price realization of a little bit less than a point.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. So, it means – is that – you would imagine though with the growth improving that there is probably some opportunity for that to get stronger. I just want to make sure, I'm thinking about it okay?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I don't think we've adjusted our price expectations based on the growth. There is obviously continued strong competition throughout the world in our various product lines. So, we haven't made any moves in what we're expecting on the price.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one last question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Noah Kaye, your line is open.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Yes. Hi, this is Kristen on for Noah, thanking for fitting us in. Just wanted ask a little on the solutions and services business. We saw that down a little bit in the quarter. Can you talk about just the pilot programs and how those are converting to this recurring revenue stream, and what percentage of revenue does this account for now?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, solutions and services would be most impacted by heavy industries. And so, you've seen the relatively weaker performance of solutions and services versus products, primarily a function of depressed resource-based industries over the past couple of years. The pilots that we've been doing, if I understood you correctly, are really a combination of both products as well as solutions and services. So, we're looking at new value from information solutions with MES software, as well as services. And while sometimes we're providing the engineering there, other times customers are looking for some consulting help from us, and then they're applying the products their-selves. So, I wouldn't look at the pilot as exclusively a business that goes into solutions and services. It's really broad-based across our entire portfolio. And as I mentioned before, customers are in different stages of their journey. Some of those pilots have converted into orders, to be sure, others have completed their first pilot and are digesting the results and making plans to roll it out, and others are in earlier stages. But we're happy with the development, and we expect that to continue where you'll see pilots in very different phases as part of an overall healthy funnel.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you for that. And then, you talked a little bit about this and – in conversation on pricing, but certainly we've seen some recent signs of industry consolidation, certainly with the ABB picking up RMB (54:52) this month. How are you viewing that competitive landscape as it stands today?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. Well, there's strong competitors out there. But even with these recent moves, we intend and expect to continue to gain share. We've got a platform that combines real-time control and information, it brings value to machinery builders, and that same platform is able to bring value to the end-user as well, once the machinery is integrated into a line, we think it's somewhat differentiated and the fact that we use a common platform for both discrete and Process is somewhat unique.
Kristen Owen - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris – Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Blake Moret – President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Ted Crandall – Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott Davis – Barclays John Inch – Deutsche Bank Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley Shannon O’Callaghan – UBS Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird Andrew Obin – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Steven Winoker – Sanford Bernstein Richard Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Robert McCarthy – Stifel Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs Andrew Kaplowitz – Citi Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Research
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris : Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s First Quarter Fiscal ‘17 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Blake Moret, our President and CEO; and Ted Crandall, CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I’ll start with some key points for the quarter so please turn to page three in the slide deck. We had a good start to fiscal 2017. Organic growth was 4% better than we expected. Our largest market, the U.S., returned to growth and we saw double-digit growth in emerging markets. Globally, consumer and transportation were our strongest verticals. Oil and gas and mining remained our weakest verticals but have now been stable sequentially for several quarters. While the quarter was better than we expected, we believe we may have seen a somewhat higher than normal budget flush at the end of the quarter primarily in the U.S. and we did see some larger projects hit in Q1 that we expected later in the year. From a regional perspective, as I mentioned, U.S. returned to organic growth earlier than we expected. Strong growth in consumer and automotive was partially offset by weakness in heavy industries including oil and gas and mining. As expected, EMEA started the year slowly and was down about 2% year-over-year. However, orders were up year-over-year and we expect sales growth for the balance of the in this region. Our performance in Asia was better than we expected, with strong in the consumer and transportation verticals. We saw growth across all countries in this region including China where we saw double-digit growth. And in Latin America, growth was driven by Mexico and Brazil. A couple of additional comments about the quarter. Our recent acquisitions performed well and contributed almost 2% to sales growth. Our process business improved and was about flat year-over-year organically. Including our recent Maverick acquisition, process was up high single digits. Architecture & Software had a very strong quarter with almost 8% organic growth. Within this segment, Logix was also up 8% compared to last year. I’m also pleased with over 21% segment margin in the quarter. Ted will elaborate more in Q1 financial performance in his remarks. Let’s move on to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2017. The macro outlook remains consistent with our assumptions earlier in the fiscal year which - continued growth in the consumer and transportation verticals. Oil and commodity prices have been stable or inched up and our business in these markets has been relatively flat now for few quarters. We expect every industry to be about flat year-over-year. Recent projections continue to call for improving GDP and industrial production growth rates as well as higher levels of local capital expenditures. Taking the macro outlook and our strong first quarter into consideration, we now expect fiscal 2017 organic sales to be up about 3% year-over-year. Including the impact of acquisitions and a larger headwind from currency, we continue to project fiscal 2017 sales of little over $6 billion and revising the adjusted EPS guidance range to $5.95 to $6.35. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Ted, let me add a few comments. A couple of months ago we hosted many of you at our annual Automation Fair in Atlanta. Once again it was a resounding success as thousands of customers and partners attended and learned about our latest technology innovations and capabilities. We’ve heard that our customer testimonials resonated with many of you and provided powerful examples of how we partner with our customers and help them become more globally competitive. Strong underlying demand for our products enables us to accelerate investments this year in core technologies and domain expertise and to expand in new value, we’re providing information solutions and connected services. Together, these will further enhance our ability to bring the connected enterprise to light and profitably grow share at customers globally. And the powerful indicator that our integration is creating value for customers is the recognition we are receiving. Control magazine, a leading process industry publication recently released its 2017 Readers’ Choice Awards. Our results looked great as we again won both first place awards than any other company. Now, as we get ready to hear from Ted, I want say a few words about him. As you probably all know by now, this is Ted’s last earnings call in the CFO role but I’m very happy to be able to continue to leverage his well recognized experience and understanding of our connected enterprise strategy in the CP&S segment leadership role. I’m also very pleased to welcome Patrick to my senior leadership team. With his proven leadership and extensive experience, I’m confident he will move seamlessly into his new role as CFO. The leadership changes are the result of a thoughtful and long-term leadership succession plan that maximizes the contribution of our experienced leaders while ensuring the continuous addition of new talent and prospective for our company, customers, partners and investors. On a personal note, Ted has helped immensely with my own transition. I believe we have a great management team in place. With that, Ted.
Ted Crandall : Thank you, Blake and good morning everyone. I’ll start my comments on page four which is the first quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1,490 million, an increase of 4.5% compared to Q1 last year. Sales increased 3.8% on an organic basis. Acquisitions contributed 1.8% to growth and currency translations reduced sales in the quarter by 1.1%. Segment operating margin was 21.2%, 50 basis points higher than Q1 last year and primarily due to higher sales and lower spending and despite the restoration of incentive compensation that we talked about in the November guidance. Spending was a bit light in the first quarter and you should expect spending to increase as we proceed into the balance of the year. The margin result also reflected a good productivity result in Q1 including savings from our restructuring actions in Q4 last year. General corporate net expense was $15 million compared to $18 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.75, an increase of $0.26 or 17% compared to the first quarter of last year. The increase is due to the combination of higher sales, improved margins and a lower tax rate. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 18.1% compared to 22.8% in Q1 last year. As expected, the adjusted effective rate in Q1 included a significant benefit from discreet tax items. We talked about this benefit when we provided guidance in November. A relatively small part of the discrete tax benefit was due to our adoption of the new accounting standard regarding equity based compensation. Free cash flow for Q1 was $271 million, free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 119%. Our trailing four quarter return on invested capital was 34.6%. And a couple of other items, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $129.7 million, down about 2% compared to last year and during the first quarter, we repurchased almost 650,000 shares at a cost of about $81 million. At the end of the quarter, we had $864 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. The next two slides present the sales and operating margin performance of each segment. Page five is the Architecture & Software segment. Beginning on the left side of this page, Architecture & Software segment sales were $696 million in Q1, up 8.3% compared to Q1 last year. The organic sales increase was 7.6%, currency translation reduced sales by 1% and acquisitions contributed 1.7% to sales growth. Moving to the right side of the chart, A&S margins were 30%, up 2.6 points compared to prior year and primarily due to the operating leverage associated with higher sales coupled with lower spending. Moving to page six, the Control Products & Solutions segment. In the first quarter, Control Products & Solutions sales were $794 million, up 1.3% year-over-year. Organic sales increased 0.7%, currency translation reduced sales by 1.3% and acquisitions contributed 1.9% to growth. In the CP&S product businesses, the organic sales increase was about 3%, solutions and services sales were down about 1% organically. The book-to-bill in Q1 for solutions and services was 1.11. CP&S operating margin was 13.6% in Q1, down 1.7 points year-over-year, the biggest factor being higher incentive compensation costs. Moving to page seven, this provides a breakdown of our sales and shows the year-over-year organic growth results for the quarter. Blake covered much of this in his remarks, I’ll add just a couple of comments. The organic sales growth in Q1 was driven primarily by Asia-Pacific and North America. Asia-Pacific was up 20% year-over-year with China and India each up mid-teens. We experienced strong growth in both product and solutions and services businesses in the region. The strong growth in Asia-Pacific was admittedly off[ph] relatively easy comparisons and as Blake mentioned, sales performance benefited from some favorable timing on larger projects that we thought would hit later in the year. Overall for the company, organic growth for emerging markets was 11% this quarter. And that takes us to the guidance slide. As Blake mentioned, we’re making some changes, primarily based on the better than expected sales performance in Q1, we’re increasing our expectations for organic growth by one point across the range to a midpoint for organic growth of 3% for the full year compared to the previous 2% and the new range of 1% to 5% organic growth. The better than expected organic growth in Q1 accounts for most of the increase the organic growth guidance for the full year, though our outlook for sales for the balance of the year remains reasonably constant with our November guidance. Based on recent currency rates, we now expect the larger headwind from currency translation, the headwind increasing from about 0.5 point to a little less than 2 points. We still expect total sales to be a little over $6 billion with the additional currency headwind offsetting the higher organic growth. Our previous margin guidance was about 20%. In November I said may be that would be a little lower than 20%. Now we think maybe it’s a little higher than 20%. Previously, we expected a full year adjusted tax rate of 24%, we now expect that to be closer to 23.5% and basically that reflects a somewhat higher discrete tax benefit in Q1 than we previously thought. We’re revising adjusted EPS guidance from the previous range of $5.85 to $6.25 to a new range of $5.95 to $6.35 and the midpoint increases from $6.05 to $6.15. For the full year, we expect free cash flow conversions to be above 100% of adjusted income. A couple of items not shown here, we now expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $70 million for the full year. Also, we now expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 129.5 million, that’s about 1.5 million shares higher than the November guidance. We continue to expect to spend about $400 million on repurchases this year but the share prices increased. Before I turn it over to Patrick to begin our Q&A session, as Blake noted, this will be my final earnings call as CFO. I’d just like to say that it has been an honor to be the Chief Financial Officer at Rockwell Automation. As you can imagine, it’s a lot easier job when you’re representing a great company with such great culture and such great people. I’m really pleased to have Patrick Goris succeed me as CFO. Most of you have gotten to known him over the past few years in his industrial relations role. He has a great breadth of financial management experience across our different businesses and functions. He’s very well prepared for this and I know he’s going to do a great job. I’ve really enjoyed the CFO role in the past 10 years. Part of that was the opportunity to interact with all of you, the analysts and the investors. I learned a lot from your questions, the challenges and sometimes your different views on the industry and the company. I’m excited to be moving back to an operating role where I think I can make a different contribution [indiscernible]. I won’t be interacting with this group as often going forward, but if not before then, I look forward to seeing many of you at the next Automation Fair. And since this is my last earnings call, I expect you all to take it easy on me in Q&A. So thank you and over to you, Patrick.
Patrick Goris : Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. As usual, Blake and Ted will handle the Q&A today. Thank you. Operator, let’s take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. And first today is Scott Davis from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning guys and Ted, we’re going to miss you but I must say on behalf of shareholders, we’re happy you’re not retiring and at least Rockwell’s not losing you altogether. So thankfully you’re staying on board so best of luck to you. It’s been a pleasure.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Scott Davis: And I know Patrick will do a great job, but anyway, I’m intrigued by your comment about capital spending I mean when I think about the world, people struggle with the concept of new capacity just given how limited growth is out there. But what are people spending money on I mean if you could generalize? Are we going back into the existing factory stock and upgrading? Is it the supply chain? Is it distribution? I mean what’s your sense of - if capital spending is coming back, what people actually are spending money on?
Blake Moret: I think it’s primarily around increased productivity and as we’ve seen a lot of people implement the first waves of productivity in terms of just basic automation replacing hardwire control, the next wave in many cases involves the integration of that basic control and information. So taking advantage of the basic data that’s part of their production processes and integrating the information software and the analytics so that operators could make better decisions about the manufacturing processes.
Ted Crandall: Scott, I think too in this quarter from a vertical perspective, the acceleration we saw was largely in consumer and transportation.
Scott Davis: Okay. And just Ted, you commented on spending will go up as Rockwell going through a – compensation, accruals and stuff like that. But what explicitly do you feel like you need to spend money on? Is it few capacity on your own? Have you been under-investing at all, just give us a little color on that.
Ted Crandall: Yeah I mean I think the spending is more. It’s not so much about capacity and supply chain. The spending is going to be more about R&D and commercial expenses and very much targeted some of the new opportunities we have related to connective enterprise.
Scott Davis: Okay. I’ll pass it on. you guys have done a great job and it’s been a pleasure, so good luck to you Ted.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Inch : Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Ted Crandall: Good morning, John.
John Inch: Good morning, Ted. Patrick, congratulations. So first question China up mid-teens that has been running down. China has sort of been this tail for Rockwell kind of two halves right? The consumer piece up there very strongly and then the heavy industry piece down a lot. What happened in China in the quarter? Did the consumer get even stronger or did heavy industry revert? You talked about some – could you just provide a little more color please? And is it sustainable really?
Ted Crandall: And the first thing I would say is we mentioned that there were some pool-ins, we think there were some pool-ins of jobs we expected to hit later in the year, that was true in Asia generally, but particularly in China. I would say the vertical profile that we experienced most of last year which was strength particularly in consumer to a lesser extent in transportation and weakness in heavy industry, that continued but we had particularly strong quarter entire in China. Heavy industry was better although still weaker and I don’t think -- we do not expect China to be 15% growth for the full year. We still think for the full year an expectation of something in the mid-single digits is appropriate.
John Inch: So it sounds like Ted, based on your commentary, this is may be more Rockwell specific rebound versus a China market rebound? I mean – talked up China, some other companies have talked up Parker sort of talked about China rebound a little bit and some of the heavier stuff. Are you suggesting that this is a pull-forward initiatives you were working on, I mean how much is Rockwell versus how much you think is sort of market in the fourth quarter for China?
Ted Crandall: I’m not sure I know exactly how to quantify that, but my guess would be may be half of the growth in the quarter was kind of pool-ins and unique to Rockwell projects. And the other half was kind of underlying market.
Blake Moret: Strong parts of the China market are playing to our strengths.
John Inch: Yeah, absolutely. Makes sense. Can we then, just as my follow up, can you please talk about your export versus import position? We know kind of had a very sort of high level what your situation is in Mexico. Obviously we’re going to wait to see sort of what Trump does, but could you just talk about sort of - again export versus import position in United States? And then your own thoughts toward repurposing perhaps some of the production say in Monterrey or whatever, back to the U.S. or alternative sourcing, anything you could add at this point would be helpful. Thank you.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so may be just to start with little context. We’re a U.S. based company, but we serve a global customer sect and our global supply chain has been constructed to serve those customers all around the world. Today, we are a net importer into the U.S., but I think it’s very important to note that we’ve got flexibility in our global supply chain and we believe we could make adjustments if there were changes in the tax law that made that appropriate.
John Inch: That’s it?
Ted Crandall: Yes.
John Inch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. This is Dan on for Steve. Just wondering if you can give us some color on how the quarter looks from a monthly perspective? Did they get better as you moved along? And then how has January started off? Are you seeing kind of a similar environment or a step up or down in activity?
Ted Crandall: Dan, I would say that the quarter played out in a pretty typical fashion which is it started a little bit slower and then picked up as we moved through the quarter. I would say may be the only unusual thing in the quarter was, a last couple of weeks in December were stronger than normal and it’s the reason that we think there might have been a little bit of budget flush particularly in North America. January has started off slowly as a typical January, but things have picked up a little bit as the month is going on.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then just as a quick follow up, what was auto for you guys in the quarter, I guess both globally and do you have any color on strength by region?
Ted Crandall: So auto was up over 10% in the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next we have Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe : Yes, thanks. Good morning guys. Nice strong quarter. You mentioned some budget flush between North America, what do you think caused that? Why would we have seen that budget flush in December? And on top of that, what do we see in your channel inventories specifically within North America?
Ted Crandall: So Nigel I’m not sure I know I don’t know that we know what caused the budget flush. We heard that comment from several of our distributors and we also observed that there was a little bit higher than normal order rate in those last couple of weeks in December, that’s why we’re speculating that there may have been some higher than normal budget flush. In terms of distributor inventories, particularly in North America, we have very good visibility on that and distributor inventories were up slightly from September.
Nigel Coe : Okay. That’s helpful. And then on the segment margin guidance for FY17, didn’t change obviously there’s a squiggle in front of the number, but you’ve given the higher organic growth and given the strong incremental margins in A&S, would have expected to see a slightly better or slightly higher segment margins guidance. Is there any change in the way you’re planning the year between CPS and A&S or are there some offsets in FX and/or comps that we should consider?
Ted Crandall: I think it’s more about the latter. I mean basically we’ve got more currency headwind now, top-line and bottom-line as a consequence of what’s happened with exchange rate. There were also the higher spending in the latter half of the year, some of that is just a ketchup from under-spending in Q1, but we also believe we’re going to spend a little bit more in total for the year now consistent with higher organic growth. And then incentive comp will also be higher as a consequence of higher organic growth and higher EPS.
Nigel Coe : Okay, that’s clear. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Good morning guys.
Ted Crandall: Good morning.
Blake Moret: Good morning.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Congratulations Ted and Patrick, Ted glad -- to be around we’ll see you at Automation Fair. Relative to that, the last few Automation Fairs at least the last couple, it seems like Blake you’ve had a lot of these productivity solutions that you’re talking about you’ve offered customers, but may be adoption wasn’t great because there wasn’t a lot of business confidence out there. I mean have you heard in the last couple of months a change in tone from your customers, has there been sort of better follow-on to Automation Fair than we’ve seen in the last couple of years in terms of people’s willingness to adopt these sort of productivity related solutions that you’re offering.
Blake Moret: Yeah, the progress is still relatively slow and of course, customers are in different stages in their journey as they begin to adopt some of our new solutions. But it starts with having the foundation placed with smart products. And so we do think that customers are getting that message as they know they have to have the data at the foundation of their manufacturing process to be able to do something with it. The pilot projects that we’ve been running, I think have become a little more formalized over the last few months, we’re getting better at it. Our customers are understanding the process and so we have a large number of engagements that are just moving through the pipeline and we’re happy with that progress and some of the increased spending is going to acceleration of those activities.
Ted Crandall : Shannon I also think when we debriefed our sales organization this quarter, we did hear kind of a more positive sentiment both from our own sales people and from the channel that would have been the case six months ago.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on the oil and gas piece, given kind of the upstream waiting of your business and things, I mean almost think you’re starting to see a little bit more improvement there than you need to be indicating. Any change in activity that you’re seeing there or when would you expect I know you’re kind of still assuming it’s flattish, but anything on the margin that you’re seeing improving there? Any reason that you wouldn’t expect your business to kind of turn with an improvement in some of the U.S. upstream activity?
Ted Crandall: After the last two years, what we’ve experienced the last couple quarters is getting close to flat year-over-year, that feels pretty good actually. We do think there’s potential for some improvement as we move through this year, but for the full year, we still think it’s going to be close to flat.
Blake Moret: The sentiment in heavy industries in general is a little bit more positive but when that’s actually going to turn into orders and shipments, these are longer term projects. Oil and gas continued strong in Latin America but for the rest of the world, we’re still not seeing that manifest itself in sharply increased orders.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys. Congrats.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague : Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen and congratulations, Ted and Patrick.
Ted Crandall: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague : Just to the A&S business, wondering if you could comment on A&S U.S. performance in the quarter specifically and whether it was different than kind of the modest increase in total U.S. that we saw on a [indiscernible] basis?
Ted Crandall: The A&S business in Q1 was pretty similar to the balance of the company in Q1. It was strong growth.
Jeffrey Sprague : And the A&S margins Ted, did they not have the incentive comp pressure that CP&S did or it was just overwhelmed by the volume leverage in the mix and therefore it wasn’t apparent?
Ted Crandall: You’re exactly right. I mean the year-over-year margin impact of incentive comp was pretty similar in the two segments, with almost 8% organic growth in A&S, it just got us swamped that impact.
Jeffrey Sprague : Right. And just wondering if you could step back perhaps just play big picture on automotive - automation obviously there’s a lot going on in Washington D.C. Any auto plan I believe is pretty highly automated these days. But is the, for a lack of a better term, is the Rockwell calorie count likely to be higher in a U.S. automotive plant than it is say in a Mexican automotive plant? And how would you think about that, how would you frame that to us?
Blake Moret: So I think that’s a fair assumption that as U.S. manufacturers increase or as manufacturers increase their U.S. footprint, it’s going to be done with a higher relative content of advanced manufacturing. And that’s great for us. We have of course a very large market share particularly in that industry and so anything that encourages increased manufacturing in the U.S. is a good thing for Rockwell automation given our footprint. And that impact on sales is something that has us very optimistic and talking to customers about what additionally we can do to help them as they make those decisions to increase their footprint here in the country.
Jeffrey Sprague : Now I know rule of thumbs are dangerous, but if we thought about a typical auto plant that maybe it’s 200,000 or 300,000 units plant, can you give us some idea of what you think the revenue upside in the U.S. versus some other market might be kind of a percentage terms or index or whatever kind of framework you might want to give us?
Blake Moret: I think it depends on a lot of factors of course and in terms of when that plays out for us, timing is a big issue, but if you look at some of the numbers that were published for instance with the recent board plan and you can look at the labor differences between what they were going to employ outside of the U.S. versus their expectations for new jobs in the U.S., you can’t apply that linearly to the increased dollar count for Rockwell, but it gives you some idea of an order of magnitude.
Jeffrey Sprague : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning and congrats on a nice quarter and good luck Ted and Patrick for that matter.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Richard Eastman: Just very quickly on the CP&S segment margins, Ted could you may be run through that a little bit. I think what’s kind of noticeable here is on the sales growth our incremental or decremental margin here is almost a 100%. And I’m curious, I realized Maverick comes in a lower margin, but is that business losing money? And then also, if not, is the margin on the core CP&S business is that lower than historic norms?
Ted Crandall: Well, so couple of things, first Maverick will not lose money, so we’re not expecting in the first year for both purchase accounting and integration cost that we’ll get a significant profit contribution from those sales. On the CP&S core, I don’t think I would say this performance was significantly worse than historic results, but I would say if we’re going to have some margin pressure in this business compared to last year, I mean we had a particularly good margin performance last year, that included some higher margin project business that isn’t going to repeat this year. And as we progress through the year with downturns and heavy industry and the pressure, we’ve got some lower margin projects in the backlog they’re going to work their way out this year as a consequence of some more aggressive pricing. So we’re going to have some margin pressure in that business this year. I think that our full year margins will be a little bit lower than last year, but I don’t expect them to get worse as we proceed through the year compared to the first quarter.
Richard Eastman: Thank you. And just a follow up question, Blake you had noted in the press release this issue of investing a bit more in the business given the fast start on the core growth. Could you may be just define that in terms of dollars Ted, pre-tax, I mean are we talking about $0.05 or $0.10 per share and hence again the full year outlook – adjusted EPS outlook may be only going up a dime we’ve got negative currency there and is there another 5% to 10% -- $0.05 to $0.10 of incremental investments?
Ted Crandall: See may be think about it this way, there’s probably about $10 million that we under-spent in Q1 that we’re going to catch up on now in the balance of the year and compared to our previous guidance, there’s another incremental $10 million that we now expect to spend.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Okay, very good and good luck again. Thank you.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Ted Crandall: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Congratulations Ted and Patrick.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question, as we look at software sales at Rockwell and specifically software excluding embedded software. Could you share what kind of growth you are seeing in the channel and what are the trends, what are the customers asking for?
Blake Moret: So if we look at the information solutions then we’re seeing double digit growth in that area. So this is the MES solutions, this is the modular software, this is where our new analytic offerings would be. And so, that’s part of the information solutions and connected services which we’re expecting double digit growth in.
Andrew Obin: And when you say double-digit, is it low-teens, high-teens, just sort of ballpark?
Ted Crandall: I think you can think of that for this year it’s kind of low-to-mid teens
Andrew Obin: Thank you. And just to follow up on Jeff’s question on what -- can you give us some color just general post the election, what kind of conversations are you having with customers, what industries are the most interested in talking to you in putting capacity in North America because you guys probably are the cutting edge of what’s happening on the kind of conversations people are having?
Blake Moret: I think a lot of the early conversations are around discrete manufacturing or batch so again, it’s right in our wheelhouse in consumer and transportation. And there’s some obvious things that we can do to help those manufacturers ensure that they have the labor that’s ready to address the advance manufacturing technology, that’s a big issue for manufacturers particularly if they deferred those investments in automation for some time. So we’re well positioned to be able to offer to enable that workforce and then when they need additional sources of labor to augment their own existing workforce, then we have a lot of solutions there. And so we’re actively engaged with those manufacturers to be able to put specific new proposals in place on top of what we already offer them.
Andrew Obin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Winoker: Thanks. Good morning and congrats I’ll echo everybody’s comments. So just may be going, covered a lot of ground but going back to your comment that larger projects were pull forward, larger projects at the end of the year were pulled forward in terms of your expectations. Can you maybe expand on that a little bit? I know there’s only a certain level of visibility given the nature of the business, what makes you believe that there’s not something behind that as well and what kind of projects we’re talking about?
Ted Crandall: Well I mean the larger projects pulled forward primarily occurred in Asia-Pacific, it was kind of a combination of cross vertical as it affected both transportation and heavy industry, semi-conductor was one of those. Look Steve, if I had to estimate, I would estimate that our organic growth in the first quarter between project pull forwards and potential budget flush, may be 1 point of the organic growth was related to that. And even if you take that out, this was still a better quarter than we expected.
Steven Winoker: Okay, okay. And then as we think about your $20 million or so of spending in how things are going to layer in through the year as well as kind of growth. Normally, in terms of seasonality I might start to look at the Q2 being may be a little more challenging, but you have this acceleration and then you have a very strong back half now. Can you may be comment on how you think we should or how we should think about kind of layering into seasonality given the commentary you’ve had?
Ted Crandall: Well I think there are two things you ought to think about, one is our normal merit increases occur basically effective January 1st across the company and so sequentially, there will be a step-up in spending probably about $10 million on a sequentially quarterly basis, it’s just a consequence of that merit increase. And then in addition to that, you’ll start to see us ramp what I would call more underlying spending and I think that will ramp as we proceed through the year, so probably a little lower in Q2 and a little bit higher in Q3 and Q4.
Steven Winoker: And then but from a growth perspective as well as you’re thinking about that step up in organic growth, is this something you think about kind of natural year-on-year acceleration each quarter from here?
Ted Crandall: I think on sales, you’ll see some increase from Q1 but not a lot of sequential growth in Q2, Q3 then you ought to expect kind of a step-up in Q4 which is typical for us on a seasonal basis.
Steven Winoker: Great. Helpful. And I guess one more thing Ted, in your response to John’s comments about being a net importer, I think it’s probably we kind of know that you’re a net importer, the question is more about size. We’re talking about low hundreds of millions not something more than that or the possibility…
Ted Crandall: That’s correct. We think we’re probably about $250 million in net importer.
Steven Winoker: Okay. Thanks so much. Good luck. Look forward to our next conversation. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Kwas: Hi. Good morning. Congrats, Patrick, Ted. Look forward to working with you in your new capacities. Two questions, quick ones. So, on the change to the organic growth outlook the 100 basis point improvement, how would you segment that between heavy industry may be a little bit better versus automotive and consumer coming in better than expected because I know you put some guidelines out there underpinning the growth act in November and it looks like at least this quarter both of those areas came in better. So how should we think about that?
Ted Crandall: Rich, I think it’s fair to think about that increase as primarily transportation and consumer.
Richard Kwas: Okay. And then based on what you’re seeing right now on heavy industry flattish which is a little bit better than flat to down, but need to see more evidence of order improvement to get constructive?
Ted Crandall: I think that’s fair. I mean I think Blake mentioned earlier, we’re hearing some better things about potential investment in heavy industry, but we’re not seeing it translate into orders yet.
Richard Kwas: Okay. And then just a quick one, Ted, on free cash flow there’s a plus sign in that 100%, now seasonally speaking, you did pretty well this quarter on conversion, anything puts and takes what we should think about the balance of the year as we try to model this out?
Ted Crandall: The only thing I would remind you of is because there were no incentive compensation earned last year, there was no payout this year either in the first quarter or in the balance of the year. So, that’s going to contribute somewhat to a better conversion on the year. That’s probably the most important thing.
Richard Kwas: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow up on auto and consumer, are you still thinking mid-singles for the year growth…?
Ted Crandall: Yeah I would say may be now it’s mid-to-high singles.
Richard Kwas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy: Yeah I’ll echo all the comments Ted and Patrick and I’ll also remind you the importance of comparers and remember Patrick you were a very tough comparer and Ted I think you had a very interesting compare. So anyway, congratulations. Alright, moving over from the ridiculous to the sublime, clearly you talked about the budget flush and the reacceleration and underlying growth and the pace of business. This has been kind of talked about with the several other analysts in the call, but could you just comment across the board how you’re feeling about the front log, are you seeing a change in the pace of business? You talked about the budget flush but could you talk anything about January trends, anything about just kind of the current state of what you’re seeing? And are you seeing a change in the underlying psychology association with business with the change of administrations?
Ted Crandall: I think it’s fair to say that there’s a general optimism but front log is flat and it’s still early in the year. Our backlog overall is up a little bit and – positive signs. Importantly, we’re releasing new products and that has an impact as well, but it’s still early to call this a different trajectory in terms of the outlined months.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. And then obviously I think John asked a series of intrigue questions, he may have covered this, but what I would ask is may be just talk about the prospect for cash repatriation, the uses of cash, the M&A environment, how you’re looking at that, that kind of old chestnut
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so it’s I think we’re encouraged by some of the things that are being talked about around U.S. corporate tax rate and house proposal that’s been put out there we think addresses a number of important issues that currently created disadvantage for U.S. based companies, a lot of corporate tax rate, territorial tax system, potential to repatriate foreign earnings. We view all of those as positive for Rockwell for U.S. manufacturers and for U.S. economic growth generally. Specifically as it relates to repatriation, what we would repatriate ultimately would depend on the rate -- the tax rate that would apply to that and any conditions that might apply to the repatriation. But we probably currently have about $2 billion that could be repatriated at some point. Those funds if repatriated, could be used for investments in organic growth, they could be used for acquisitions especially U.S. based companies, it could be used for retirement of debt or better funding of our pension plans, or to return to shareowners through dividend repurchases. And once we get a clearer view on what the conditions might be, we’ll be prepared to talk in a little more detail about specifically about how we would use it.
Robert McCarthy: Just one follow up with a M&A question, do you think it’s a better environment now for M&A just given the standpoint of perhaps optimism and of reacceleration of the underlying cycle and may be the ability to stomach some valuations in that context? I mean do you think there’s been a change in the psychology around M&A for you at all?
Ted Crandall: We haven’t passed on attractive acquisitions in the past for a lack of U.S. cash. We continue to look at acquisitions as opportunities to accelerate what we’re doing in terms of technology, domain expertise to market access. And we’re pleased with the results of our recent acquisition, we’ll talk more about the need to be present in M&A to accelerate our strategy, so I don’t really see it as a significant accelerator to the amount of M&A we would otherwise do.
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] on for Julian Mitchell. As a follow up for the M&A question, can you just talk about the M&A pipeline right now and touch on any specific end markets or geographic regions that look particularly attractive right now?
Ted Crandall: I think if you were to look at where the concentration of our activity is, it’s really in that the new value that come from information solutions and connected services. So in the network space, in the software space it sits up above the real-time control, those are the areas where we’re probably relatively active and it’s spread across the world, it’s not constrained to any one geography.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And could you just quantify the impact of incentive comp on CP&S margins for the quarter please?
Ted Crandall: It was approximately one point.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much for your time.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie : Thanks. Good morning everyone and congratulations, Ted and Patrick. My first question is really on pricing, you guys have done a great job on continuing to get price through this malaise that we’ve been in the last couple of years. Just wondering if we do see this CapEx acceleration, is there an opportunity for you to get greater than point in price or how does that -- how do you guys foresee that?
Ted Crandall: Joe, I think what’s reflected in our current guidance is what we talked about in November which we think for the full year price will be little less than a point and similar to what it was last year. If the economy heats up, who knows, I mean maybe pricing could be a little better.
Joe Ritchie : Okay. And I guess maybe I guess along those lines, if things were to heat up and just along the lines of your guidance and the higher end of that range getting to 5% growth, what would have to happen for us to get to that higher end of the range? And then if we do get towards the higher end of the range, what kind of incremental would you expect to see across the business because historically they’ve been a lot higher than your gross margins?
Ted Crandall: So in answering the first question which is about the top-line, I mean may be the way to think about the higher end of the range is, clearly, we had a better organic growth result in Q2 than we were expecting coming into the year. But basically, we have not changed our balance of the year guidance. So if Q2 is truly kind of a new baseline, and we should expect the same sequential growth we were originally expecting in the November guidance, that’s a way to think about how we would get to the higher end of the range on the top-line. Our conversion now in the new guidance is about 20% which is almost double what it was in our November guidance and that’s the spike the headwinds we talked about November around incentive compensation and pension in particular. So, there will be some better conversion at the higher end than we would see at the low end or midpoint.
Joe Ritchie : Okay, fair enough. May be in fact sneak one more in there, going back to the question we had on the repatriation, I guess Ted when you think about bringing in cash back, I mean it feels like today company is a facing a little bit of a conundrum in that, valuations are really high from an M&A perspective, stocks are hitting all-time highs. How do you think about the allocation of capital if you are able to bring back overseas cash? And then, specifically, do you need to invest internally if we do accelerate from a CapEx standpoint?
Ted Crandall: One of the things we’ve always talked about is we’re not all that capital intensive as it relates to growth. With immediate deductibility of CapEx, is it possible we might spend more than we originally planned, I think it’s possible but I don’t think that’s a very big number particularly compared to the amount of earnings we’ve got sitting overseas.
Blake Moret: The bigger impact would be the increased sales for our more capital intensive customers.
Joe Ritchie : That makes sense. Thanks guys.
Blake Moret: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning guys, Ted and Patrick congratulations.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Solutions and services, they were down 14% last quarter, I think you said down 1% this quarter and you mentioned previously that the business may stay negative in the first half of ‘17 but based on what you’re seeing, you mentioned the strong bookings in the quarter. Is any of the improvement there timing, can it be up now sequentially going forward in that business?
Ted Crandall: Well I mean I would love to think that we’re going to start to see some improvement in heavy industries as we proceed through the year. But we haven’t seen that yet and it’s not reflected in the guidance. I mean I think our solutions and services business right now we believe will be about flat year-over-year and any improvement that does start to occur in heavy industry, for a significant part of that business, we really need to see it in Q2 or may be early Q3 in order for that to have an impact on shipments in the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. Thanks for that. And then Blake, you mentioned that you had a slow start in EMEA this year as expected. Last quarter, you talked about strong orders in the region, I think it was up mid-single digits, it didn’t seem like last quarter’s orders translated but you did talk about improving from here. So did you see any actual weakening in any part of EMEA and specifically in the Middle East, how is that region doing?
Blake Moret: So for EMEA overall, the orders were actually up, they were up year-over-year and sequentially and we do expect the result for the full year to be growth in EMEA.
Ted Crandall: I think the Q1 performance in EMEA was just more about timing of when projects hit, principally in the solutions and services businesses.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. Thanks guys.
Patrick Goris: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for taking the questions and my congratulations to both of you.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Eli Lustgarten: Just a quick clarification, the shipments that were brought forth in the first quarter, was it all A&S and would it b added in the second quarter or was it spread out over the year?
Ted Crandall: So I would say it was primarily advanced into the second quarter and it was not all A&S it was kind of a combination of A&S and CP&S.
Eli Lustgarten: Okay. And so, we understand the weakness in margins that we saw in with control solutions business, but A&S had a very strong margin I suspect that with – brought forth, [indiscernible] and I suspected it to be sustained at that level and expected to be off a little bit…
Ted Crandall: That’s correct, we do not expect A&S margin at 30% for the balance of the year, we expect lower margins for A&S for the balance of the year.
Eli Lustgarten: And one final, one of the things we heard from a lot of companies you saw the Trump Bump I guess it’s what referred to these days. But we’re hearing from a lot of companies particularly in the heavy industries, of an almost wait and see for spending they talk a lot wait and see for spending to see what policies really because not much can change in the first half of the year. Are you hearing any of that from your customers, that there’s a lot of talk but more excited about ‘18 spending than ‘17 spending at this point?
Blake Moret: I have not heard specifically that people are waiting to ‘18 but I do believe as we are before we make specific changes in any plants, we want to see what actual changes to various elements of tax code or rather incentives might be. So I think that is a fair characterization.
Ted Crandall: Eli, maybe it’s a little bit different approach to the answer and this is not intended in any way to be a political commentary, but I don’t think we’re hearing anything from investors that would cause us to believe that what we saw as the acceleration in the first quarter is related to upcoming potential tax changes.
Eli Lustgarten: Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations to both of you.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Eli.
Ted Crandall: Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Okay. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for attending.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Sawyer C. Rice - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel J. Innamorato - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ashay Gupta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2016 earnings release conference call. With me today are Blake Moret, our President and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 60 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand over the call to Blake.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. The quarter was a little better than our expectations. Sales in our Product businesses continued to improve sequentially, and the Architecture & Software segment returned to year-over-year organic growth. Orders and sales in our Solutions & Services businesses, while still down year over year, came in as expected. Globally, oil and gas and mining remained the weakest verticals, with oil and gas down about 25% year over year in the quarter. However, it appears these markets are stabilizing. Consumer and automotive both had good growth in the quarter. For automotive, this was the best year-over-year growth quarter of the year. Our powertrain initiative is yielding results and is contributing toward growth and share gains in this vertical. From a regional perspective, in the U.S., our Product businesses continued to improve sequentially and were up year over year for the first time this year. Food and beverage and automotive were our strongest verticals in the U.S. EMEA was down year over year in the quarter, a bit weaker than we expected, but order growth was strong and up mid-single digits year over year. Our performance in Asia was stronger than we expected, with growth in most countries in the region, including China, where we saw modest year-over-year growth for the first time this year. And as expected, our organic growth rate in Latin America slowed down. Continued growth in Mexico was offset by weakness elsewhere in the region, including Brazil. A couple of additional comments about the quarter, our Process business was down 14% year over year, reflecting continued weakness in heavy industries. Logix was down 1% compared to last year but grew again sequentially. And I'm pleased with about 20% segment margin in the quarter, despite higher restructuring charges. Ted will elaborate more on Q4 financial performance, including the restructuring charges, in his remarks. Moving to the full year, fiscal 2016 was a challenging year, but I believe we executed well in difficult market conditions. Here are some key points. Throughout fiscal 2016, we've talked about significant declines in heavy industry verticals. Oil and gas was down about 25% for the year, mining mid-teens. Weak heavy industry performance impacted Process and Logix performance, which were down 15% and 4% for the year respectively. Consumer verticals were up mid-single digits. This reflects our continued success with machine builders. After several strong years, automotive continued to grow, including the contribution from our powertrain initiative. And we saw double-digit growth in revenue streams related to new value from the connected enterprise. We'll talk more about that on Thursday at our Investor Day. With respect to financial performance, we were able to keep our segment margin above 20% despite 7% lower reported sales. We had another good year of free cash flow conversion, over 100% of adjusted income. And we continued to return cash to shareowners, almost $900 million during fiscal 2016. Just last week, we announced a 5% increase in the annual dividend. This reflects our confidence in sustained free cash flow through the cycle. To accelerate the execution of our strategy, we acquired three great companies during fiscal 2016. These acquisitions further strengthen our technology differentiation, increase our domain expertise, and expand market access. MagneMotion adds to our portfolio of innovative motion control solutions for consumer and transportation verticals. Automation Control Products adds new value to our software offering in applications across all industries, and Maverick Technologies adds expertise in chemical, consumer, life sciences, and oil and gas industry applications. I believe these acquisitions will help us grow market share. Finally, I would like to thank our employees, partners, and suppliers for their continued commitment. Let's move on now to the fiscal 2017 outlook. I'll start with market conditions and economic indicators. Since the significant declines in early 2016, oil and commodity prices have somewhat recovered, and our business in heavy industry markets generally appears to have stabilized. Current forecasts call for improved global GDP and industrial production growth rates as well as higher levels of global capital expenditures. We therefore expect improvement to continue into fiscal 2017, with continued growth in the consumer and auto verticals and with heavy industries about flat year over year. Taking all these factors into consideration, we are expecting fiscal 2017 organic sales to be up about 2% year over year. In addition, we project the acquisitions we made in 2016 to contribute significant growth. Including the impact of currency, we are initiating fiscal 2017 sales guidance of a little more than $6 billion and adjusted EPS guidance of $5.85 to $6.25. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Ted, let me add a few comments. I look forward to seeing many of you later this week at our annual Investor Day. As usual, we will hold Investor Day at Automation Fair, our main customer event, which will be in Atlanta this year. Coincidentally, Atlanta is my hometown. We again expect to welcome thousands of customers and partners from all over the world for this year's Automation Fair. We will showcase our latest innovations, acquisitions, and information solutions, and highlight how the powerful combination of Rockwell Automation and our partners bring the connected enterprise to life. Regardless of the macro environment, the secular tailwinds for automation remain intact and the opportunities provided by the connected enterprise are real. I believe we are best positioned to deliver the connected enterprise to our customers because we are already on the plant floor with a large installed base. We have differentiated technology and domain expertise, and we have a long history of successful partnerships. And the value we provide is in high demand, as every day customers are pulling us into their plans to connect their enterprise to become more competitive. We will continue to invest in technology and domain expertise to expand this value and profitably grow share, more on Thursday during Investor Day. And with that, Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Blake. Good morning, everyone. I'll start my comments with page 4 of the fourth quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.539 billion, down 4.3% compared to Q4 last year. On an organic basis, sales declined 4%. Currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 70 basis points, and acquisitions increased sales by 40 basis points. Both the organic result and the currency impact were a little better than we expected. Segment operating margin was 19.8%, down 1.1 points from Q4 last year. The lower margin year over year was primarily due to lower organic sales and higher restructuring charges, partly offset by favorable mix. Restructuring charges in the quarter totaled about $20 million, higher than the $10 million that we talked about in our last earnings call. We elected to go deeper with restructuring to help offset known earnings headwinds in fiscal year 2017 and to create some headroom to reallocate spending to areas where we believe we have the best growth opportunities in the coming year. We expect these actions to generate gross savings of over $30 million in fiscal 2017 and over $40 million on a full run rate basis. General corporate net expense was $25 million in Q4 compared to $20 million a year ago. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 23% compared to 28% in the fourth quarter last year. In Q4 this year, the adjusted effective tax rate was lower than last year but also better than we expected, primarily due to a more favorable mix of income across our global operations. Compared to Q4 last year, we also benefited this year from the R&D tax credit. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.52 compared to $1.57 in Q4 last year. The effect on adjusted EPS of lower operating earnings was partly offset by a lower tax rate and lower share count. Adjusted EPS of $1.52 was a few cents above the implied fourth quarter guidance, including the lower tax rate but despite the higher restructuring charges. Free cash flow for Q4 was $235 million. That's another very good quarter. The rolling four-quarter return on invested capital was 33%. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 130 million. That's down 3% from Q4 last year. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares at a cost of $130 million. Turning to page 5, this is the full-year version of the key financial information. Sales were $5.880 billion for the full year, down 6.8%. Organic sales declined 3.9%. Currency translation reduced sales by 3 points. Segment operating margin for the full year was 20.2%, down 1.4 points from last year. The primary factors were lower organic sales and the negative impact from currency effects, partly offset by lower incentive compensation expense. Adjusted EPS was $5.93, down 7% compared to last year on the 7% reported sales decline. General corporate net expense was $80 million for the full year. That was about $5 million more than we talked about last quarter. Free cash flow for full year was $834 million, which was 107% of adjusted income, a little better than our targeted conversion and previous guidance. For the full year, we repurchased a total of 4.6 million shares at a cost of $500 million. That's right on the $500 million target that we shared last November. The next two slides present a graphical view of the sales and operating margin performance of each segment. I'll start with the Architecture & Software segment on page 6. I'll start with the quarter performance. On the left side of this chart, you'll see that Architecture & Software segment sales were $696 million in Q4, up 1.8% from the same quarter last year. Organic sales increased 1.4%. Acquisitions increased sales by 1%, and currency translation reduced sales by 60 basis points. As Blake mentioned, this is the first quarter for year-over-year organic growth in the Architecture & Software segment in over a year. Moving to the right side of the chart, Architecture & Software margins in the quarter were 25.8%, down 1.5 points from Q4 last year, and primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher restructuring charges. For the full year, A&S sales were down 4.2% as reported, with a 1.5% organic sales decline, a 30 basis point contribution from acquisitions, and currency translation reducing sales by 3%. Segment operating margin for the full year was 26.4%, down 3 points compared to prior year, primarily due to lower sales, unfavorable mix, and unfavorable currency effects. Now on page 7, a similar view for the Control Products & Solutions segment. In the fourth quarter, Control Products & Solutions segment sales were $842 million, down 8.8% year over year, with an organic sales decline of 8%. Currency translation reduced sales in this segment by 80 basis points. The organic sales in the Product businesses in this segment grew by about 1%. Solutions & Services business sales declined by about 14%. The book-to-bill in Q4 for Solutions & Services was 0.92. That's better than the typical Q4 result but on a relatively weak billings denominator. Operating margin was 14.8%, down 1.4 points compared to last year, primarily due to the significant organic sales decline, partly offset by productivity. For the full year, CP&S sales were down 8.8% year over year and down 5.8% on an organic basis. Currency translation reduced sales by 3%. On an organic basis for the full year, Product sales in the segment were down about 2%, and Solutions & Services sales declined by about 8%. CP&S segment operating margin for the full year was 15.2%, 30 basis points below 2015. This was a very good result despite an almost 9% drop in reported sales, and largely attributable to strong productivity performance in the year. Page 8 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter and the full year. My comments will all refer to organic growth rates. Starting with the quarter, the U.S. was down about 7%, Canada down about 10%. In the U.S., our Product businesses grew year over year in Q4 for the first time in fiscal 2016. EMEA was down 3% but, as Blake noted, underlying orders were good and it was a relatively difficult year-over-year comparison. We saw about 5% growth in Asia-Pacific, with China growth a little below that, and with India up in the high single digits. This is the first quarter for organic growth in Asia-Pacific and in China in more than a year. Latin America was up about 1%. Mexico was up almost 10%, but that was largely offset by declines in Brazil and the balance of the region. Moving to the full year, I'll try to provide some vertical color on the full-year results. In the U.S. and Canada, sales declined 7%. Across all regions this year, we experienced significant weakness in heavy industries, and that was particularly true in the U.S. For the company in total, oil and gas was down about 25% for the full year, but our largest decline in oil and gas occurred in the U.S., considerably worse than the company average. Similarly, mining, which was down mid-teens year over year for the company, was down over 20% in the U.S. The best growing verticals in the U.S. were food and beverage and life sciences. In EMEA, organic sales were up 2% year over year, with 1% growth in the mature markets and almost 4% growth in the emerging markets. On a vertical basis, oil and gas was down about 10%. Mining was down mid-single digit, and we saw particularly strong growth in life sciences and home and personal care. In Asia-Pacific, we finished the year with sales down 5%. India saw double-digit growth, and China was down a little less than 10%. In Asia-Pacific, heavy industry verticals were down across the board except for water/wastewater. Automotive, food and beverage, and life sciences were the best performing. Food and beverage was up about 20% year over year, primarily due to China. In Latin America, sales increased 7% for the full year, with Mexico over 20% and Brazil down almost 10%. Oil and gas was down about 10%. Mining was about flat. We saw growth in most other verticals, with strong growth in auto and home and personal care. Organic growth in emerging markets for the full year was 1%, with growth in Latin America and EMEA emerging markets and declines in China. And that takes us to the fiscal 2017 guidance slide. On the revenue side, here's how we're thinking about fiscal year 2017. We've seen solid sequential growth in our Product businesses over the last two quarters of fiscal year 2016. Orders in our Solutions & Services businesses seem to be reaching a bottom. From a vertical perspective, it appears that oil and gas and mining are stabilizing. We don't expect things to get better in fiscal year 2017, but we don't expect the drag in these industries that we experienced in 2016 to continue. We expect our business in auto and consumer industries to continue to grow. We've always said that our business tracks best with levels of industrial production. Current forecasts of industrial production for fiscal year 2017 indicate growth of a little over 1%. That compares to a 20 basis point decline in industrial production in 2016. Generally, we expect to grow at a multiple of IP growth. Blake mentioned that during 2016 we saw double-digit growth in some revenue streams related to the connected enterprise. We expect these revenue streams to continue to grow faster than the company average in fiscal 2017. With other share gain opportunities like powertrain and OEM, this will help us to continue to generate above-market organic growth. Taking all of that into account, we expect organic growth in fiscal 2017 of about 2%. We expect acquisitions to add about 1.5 points of additional growth. We expect a minor headwind from currency, about a 50 basis point reduction to sales for full year. Our projection for translation impact assumes recent exchange rates. For example, we're assuming a euro rate of $1.09. We expect fiscal 2016 sales to be a little over $6 billion. Our guidance range for organic growth is zero to 4%. We expect to see growth in all regions except Canada. We expect Canada to be about flat year over year in 2017. We expect slightly higher growth in the Product businesses than in our Solutions & Services businesses. And given the beginning backlog in our Solutions & Services businesses, for the company in total, we expect to see a lower rate of growth in the first half of the year and higher growth in the second half. We expect segment operating margin to be about 20%, maybe a little bit lower. That's not our normal conversion, but we know we have margin headwinds to deal with in 2017, namely, the restoration of inventive compensation and increase in operating pension expense and unfavorable currency impact that's catching up to us from the rolling of currency hedges we had in place last year. We expect the full-year adjusted effective tax rate to be about 24%. That's a little higher than in 2016. The rate reflects recognition of an expected discrete benefit in the first quarter, so the rate will be lower in Q1 and higher over the balance of the year. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $5.85 to $6.25. We expect free cash flow conversion on adjusted income of about 100%. And a couple of items not shown here, general corporate net expense should be approximately $75 million in 2017. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 128 million for the full year. We intend to continue to return excess free cash flow to investors. Blake already talked about last week's dividend increase. The amount we spend on share repurchases in 2017 will depend on free cash flow and acquisition spending. But at this point, we expect to spend about $400 million on repurchases in 2017. The final page includes an EPS walk from fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2017. I think what's most relevant on this chart is that you can see graphically the fiscal 2017 earning headwinds we've been talking about over the past few quarters. The restoration of incentive compensation is about a $0.25 headwind, with pension, currency, and tax rate all at about $0.05, all together about $0.40 of headwinds. Based on our previous and ongoing share repurchases, we expect a tailwind of about $0.15 from share count. Along with the core contribution, that's the walk to the $6.05 at the midpoint for fiscal 2017. We expect the effect of the recent acquisitions to be about neutral to adjusted EPS, including acquisition-related costs. And with that, I'll turn it over to Patrick and we'll begin Q&A.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let's take our first question.
Unknown Speaker: Operator. Certainly. Our first question today comes from Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Sawyer C. Rice - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, it's actually Sawyer on for Nigel. I just wanted to drill into the guidance a bit more. I guess on a geographic basis, how should we be thinking about fiscal 2017 geographically, and how does the zero to 4% organic shake out across the regions?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, I think maybe addressing it at the midpoint of 2% organic, we would expect all of the regions to be close to that, but with Latin America probably a little above the average.
Sawyer C. Rice - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks, and then I guess just one more here on auto specifically. You highlighted that as a growth end market for next year. Should we expect North American auto to be positive into 2017? Thanks.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, we do. And again, the growth of our automotive industry sales is really more dependent on model changes than the SAAR [Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate] count. And we have good visibility to model changes around the world, but including the U.S.
Sawyer C. Rice - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Daniel J. Innamorato - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, guys. This is Dan on for Steve. How are you?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Daniel J. Innamorato - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So on the $0.35 expected for core growth next year, can you talk about the ability to toggle that depending on where you fall in the organic range? Basically meaning if you fall towards the low end of that organic, are there levers you can pull on margins to keep you close to that target, or is that $0.35 at the midpoint of 2% and it toggles that way?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We worked that bridge at the midpoint, but you could do a similar bridge at the low end of guidance. And the two things that would inflect at the lower end of guidance are both that core contribution and to some extent the incentive compensation.
Daniel J. Innamorato - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up, can you walk us through the heavy industrial commentary for next year? Are there any verticals that are actually going to be down, or is that just a flattish trajectory across each of those end markets?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: If you look at our performance in 2016, it was largely oil and gas and mining that pulled down the heavy industry verticals. In the balance of heavy industry verticals, it was relatively flat, with some up a little bit and some down a little bit. I think what we're counting on in oil and gas and mining is we have had in oil and gas now about four quarters of relatively flat sales sequentially, and in mining, about three quarters of relatively flat sales sequentially. And when we get to Q1, we will have an easier comparison year over year in oil and gas, and by Q2, an easier comparison in mining.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Overall the heavy industries are expected to be flat to slightly down. We do get some contribution particularly in chemical and oil and gas from the Maverick Technologies acquisition.
Daniel J. Innamorato - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, all right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Winoker from Bernstein New York. Please go ahead.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks and good morning, all. I just want to make sure I understand $0.35 core growth at the midpoint on the bridge for next year. So that's something north I think of a 50% incremental margin in terms of how I should think about just the core growth. And I assume that the restructuring, the $10 million to $20 million – well, the $20 million of which $10 million was a little bit more than we had talked about last quarter, without that, the bridge would be that core incremental would be closer to, I guess 25%, without the full $20 million a little higher. I'm just trying to make sure I get your thinking on this. Is the restructuring a big piece of that benefit?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, so I think, Steve, you're right on. Part of that higher conversion is we'll probably guide about $15 million less restructuring charges reflected in 2017 than in 2016. And then in addition to that, we've got the restructuring savings that will impact 2017 favorably from the charges we took in Q4.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, great.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And those are probably the two major factors that cause that conversion to be a little bit higher than you might have otherwise expected.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, perfect, and then just a little bit of clarity on both maybe auto and then MRO versus CapEx overall. In auto, you guys had been calling out decelerating organic growth. I think it was 1% up last quarter, maybe 3% the quarter before that. Where did it actually come out now? And then just more broadly, what are you seeing again on the MRO side as opposed to CapEx?
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Auto was up almost 10% in the quarter, globally.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And MRO versus CapEx, what kind of trends are you seeing on the MRO side?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Steve, is that question specific to auto or more generally?
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: No, more generally across the businesses.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It's hard because we sell so much through distribution that it's hard for us to know exactly what the split of CapEx is and MRO. But I referenced before that in oil and gas and mining, we've now seen three or four quarters of relatively flat sales. And I think that is a reflection of relatively stable MRO spending, small project spending, and then also investment in productivity improvement projects as opposed to new capacity.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: To add to that, I don't think we've seen anything to indicate a change in MRO spending in auto. What we are seeing is in that vertical particularly high uptake of some of the new value that we talk about with the connected enterprise. So adding information solutions that sit up on top of the basic control system, we're seeing really around the world a fairly rapid adoption of those additional sources of productivity.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And it's one of the things we'll talk about a little bit more on Thursday.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan from UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, just in terms of this product uptick you've seen in the last couple quarters, a lot of other companies are talking about the uncertainty weighing on spending out there and also the election obviously not helping. What are you hearing from customers? You're seeing these encouraging trends in products, which makes sense in some sense, but don't really foot with this uncertainty weight that other people are talking about. So maybe just a little more color on what customers are telling you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think there's stability in terms of some of the key industries. And remember, those product sales do get impacted by heavy industries as well as the consumer industries. But there's more optimism really on the consumer side, and we see the impact of new products as well having some benefit for us. So the new product releases, we've been talking about the investment for the last couple years. And we did see in 2016 and continuing into 2017 some important new products that are now available on the market.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It's hard for us to comment on what other companies are saying because geographic exposures and industry exposures are somewhat different. But we have seen a couple of encouraging quarters of sequential growth, particularly in the Product businesses. Obviously, it's been better in auto and consumer than it has been in heavy industry. I'd say what we have reflected in guidance is consistent with what we're hearing from customers about their capital spending plans. As far as the election goes, we haven't talked to many people who are happy about the election, but I also haven't talked to many customers who are saying they're holding back spending specifically for that reason.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then within the oil and gas, I know your visibility is not always perfect if it's is going through distribution and things. But is there any difference within your products that you're selling to oil and gas? It seems like part of that market has stabilized and maybe even turned and other parts haven't. Are you seeing anything you can glean from the mix of what you're selling into that market in terms of what's improving and what's not?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No, I can't think of any significant mix change in the Product or Solutions set that we're selling into oil and gas.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Just to recap, our primary exposure is upstream and some in midstream, less in terms of control and downstream, although we do sell our intelligent motor control offerings as well as our process safety offerings in downstream, but we're not seeing any significant change in the mix. Again, we took some steps to increase our domain expertise, which impacts oil and gas primarily upstream and midstream.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning, two questions, one on just Q1, if you could give us a little help, and then a strategic one after that. But not to put too fine a point on Q1, I'm sure you don't want to get into quarterly guidance. But given what you said about backlogs and book-to-bill, do you expect Q1 organic revenue growth to be in your annual growth band of zero to 4%? And I'm also just wondering, if you could, Ted, tell us what is the tax rate you're using in Q1.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So let me go to your first question about the growth rates. I don't think we're going to see year-over-year growth probably until Q2, and at best I think Q1 will be at the low end of the guidance growth range. Since we don't do quarterly guidance, I'm not going to do a Q1 tax rate, but the Q1 tax rate will be below the average for the full year.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then perhaps for Blake, but either who wants to take it, the acquisition of Maverick raised my eyebrows a little bit, the biggest independent systems integrator. It seems to rub a little bit against the grain of the Rockwell us-and-our-friends type approach to the market and maybe creates a channel conflict. Could you address that and how you view that, and does it actually reflect some fundamental change in your thinking?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It does not reflect a fundamental change in our thinking. We remain committed to strong support of our systems integrators and solutions providers. We've had really a dual approach to the market, particularly in process, for a long time now, in that for some industries and applications and even some specific customers, they do expect the manufacturer of the control equipment to have the domain expertise to be able to most efficiently apply that technology. But we recognize and remain committed to strong support of independent engineering firms for integrating those products as well. Particularly in the process space, there's not as much of an integrator footprint in the U.S. or around the world. On balance, the integrators are typically a little more focused on discrete applications, but in no way does this signify a rollup of our integrators either in process applications or in general.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you. Firstly, I just wanted to ask around the trends you saw monthly, if there was any notable difference since the end of the June in any region or end market, or whether the trends you saw on orders and sales were pretty steady in the last four months.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Julian, generally, conditions improved as we moved through the quarter, but that's pretty typical for any quarter for us and particularly so for Q4.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And October is consistent with our guidance as well.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Right.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Understood, thank you. And then secondly, I guess, China, you had a very good return to growth. That echoed what some of your peers have talked about last week. I just wondered if you could give us any color around which end markets drove that pickup and how you think about the sustainability of that growth, as your numbers in China have been very volatile in the last few years.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: A lot's been said about the growth of the consumer vertical in China, and we continue to see that and automotive as the engines of our growth there. And I mentioned before about around the world customers in addition to the basic control systems that they're adding or upgrading, adding the additional information solutions on top in their overall platform. And we're seeing particularly high adoption in China, and specifically in consumer verticals like Life Sciences as well as in the automotive industry. And in fact, the adoption rate is probably higher than in any other place in the world, as those manufacturers, including indigenous manufacturers, are trying to move more rapidly up the productivity curve than other economies did in the past.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So it's more of I guess the structural element is overcoming any short-term cyclical weakness?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, I think what we're seeing is the long-term trends towards a consumer industry to support the growing middle class playing out in China.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes, good morning, Blake, Ted, Patrick.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just two questions, one around auto, a very good quarter. And is there any way to just dissect maybe the growth rate by the conventional maybe paint content and spend level versus the share gains on the powertrain side? And I guess where I'm going with the question is how much room do we have to run with the share gains? We're not peak shipments or anything there on the share gains, do we, relative to the capital investment going into Mexico?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: There's plenty of room to run on these share gains. And so I don't know that we can break down specifically the percentage of growth. We've talked about a $20 million incremental opportunity in powertrain on a yearly basis. But we think it's fairly balanced in terms of our ability to grow share due to powertrain as well as capitalizing on model changes and identified programs around the world.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Rick, the other thing, I think Patrick mentioned 10% growth in automotive in the quarter. I wouldn't get overly excited about the 10% in the quarter. It tends to be a project-related business for us. There's some lumpiness in project timing, and so we were really pleased with the results in the quarter. I would say what we're more pleased with is full-year growth in automotive in 2016, and so don't draw too big of a conclusion on one quarter's results.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, I understand. And just as a follow-up, given the Solutions book-to-bill at 0.92, that's reasonably typical. And I think, Ted, you made the comment that the second half growth in the Solutions business would be better than the first half. But is the first half for the CP&S in total and Solutions, is it still likely to be a negative number?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. I think in the first half of the year, we will have modestly negative growth rates in Solutions & Services businesses probably.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then averaging into the full year, does CP&S show growth if the midpoint 2% becomes a reality, the CP&S growth?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: At the 2% midpoint, I think CP&S will show some growth, but it will likely be below the average, and A&S we would expect to be a little above the average.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Understood, okay. All right, thank you and nice quarter. Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning, guys.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. A lot of your big process customers have started to generate cash again; at least they're getting their act together a bit. You've gotten flattish revenue from heavy industries. But can you talk about the potential for an uptick in large project activity? Have customers given any indication to you on when you could see larger heavy industry projects, particularly in mining go-forward again and when you could see more orders?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We're seeing activity, but it's a little hard to say when money will actually be released for those projects because what we've seen in the past is during periods where capital expansion is lower, then the engineers are busy getting ready for future projects, and they have the time to do that as opposed to keeping – running at very high levels of output. We've seen some evidence that there's a little more productivity spending in mining in Latin America, but no signs of a major uptick in capital expenditures. And just to be clear, what we look at as a big project, it's not all that big. We're not playing in the mega-projects more than to be providing the capacity specifically related to controls as well as productivity on brownfields.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, that's helpful. And then you saw a pretty big swing in EMEA, with growth turning negative after mid-single-digit positive last quarter. We did see a slowdown from some of our other industrial companies in Europe, but you mentioned that you saw mid-single-digit organic order growth in the quarter. So it seems – you'd think that the sales weakness in EMEA is maybe more temporary, more a hiccup than anything else. Can you give us more color on what you're seeing there in Europe? And the visibility, I think you mentioned relatively flattish for 2017, but maybe you can talk a little bit more about that.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We do think a lot of that is variability. We think that the optimism that we've seen – I was in Europe last month with our employees and some customers as well. I think we're continuing to see the impact, particularly in the consumer applications of some of our new product releases. They're making a difference.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Blake, is the Middle East holding you back at all? Is it weaker than the rest of Europe?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I would say the only change we have seen in the Middle East is there has been some pullback in infrastructure investment.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, all, just two questions for me.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: For fiscal 2017 automotive and consumer, what's the underlying assumption for the growth rates for those particular verticals?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Without getting overly specific, I think you ought to think of it as we expect both the company average growth in automotive and consumer and below the company average growth in heavy industry, and with heavy industry relatively flat, maybe even slightly down.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Auto and consumer we're looking at up mid-single-digits globally for 2017.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, all right. And then just a follow-on to an earlier comment, Blake, around China, you talked about information solutions and there's more adoption of the product over there seemingly, rather, versus the developed markets. I'm just curious. What do you think is driving that? What do you think the hindrances are right now around developed market adoption, Europe, North America specifically, around the information solutions and software product?
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: When I talked to customers in China over the last couple of years, I've been told by some of them that what took the Western economies and the U.S. 40 or 50 years to work to high levels of productivity, they want to do in much less time. And I think a lot of those customers are committed to and with the encouragement of the government to more rapidly adopt additional sources of productivity. So it's certainly about the base automation. But when you look at initiatives like China Manufacturing 2025, those are really good fits with what we talk about with the connected enterprise vision. And in fact, just again there in August, having joint presentations for indigenous customers about the linkage of the connected enterprise with the China Manufacturing 2025 initiative, particularly around those information solutions, the addition of MES software, higher-value services to complement the products and the software, those ideas resonate with the customers. And beyond that, there's a growing number of them that can talk about how it actually achieved the business outcomes that they were looking for. And we'll talk about some of those on Thursday, but it's real and it's having an impact on their overall competitiveness.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Do you think there's going to be much more of a lag or resonance in the developed markets, Blake? I know you'll probably talk about this later in the week.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: It's the pilot concept. And for each customer, it's an individual journey, so they're picking up these concepts at a different state of readiness. Some of them already have the smart products installed. Others it's just getting the basic communication infrastructure in to create the plumbing, if you will, for the data that's turned into information. But we're seeing that pull that I mentioned before bringing us into those pilots. It's highly iterative. There's not a set playbook for the industries. Each customer is looking for a partner to work through this with them, and that's why it's taking a while. But we do see the adoption and the momentum building.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. See you next week – later in the week.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: See you soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ashay Gupta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Ashay on for Joe Ritchie, just one quick question for me. Can you remind us where pricing ended up for 2016 and what your underlying assumption is in the FY 2017 guidance? Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, so for 2016, pricing was a little less than a point, and basically we're expecting a similar result in 2017.
Ashay Gupta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremie Capron from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks and good morning, everyone.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Congratulations on the three acquisitions. It's good to see capital going to acquisitions, and I think you've had a pretty good 2016 in that respect. And from your prepared remarks, it sounded like you may be seeing other acquisition opportunities in this new fiscal year. Ted, you talked about lower share repurchase in fiscal 2017 depending on acquisition spend. So, I'm wondering if you could help us understand what you're seeing out there. Now that you own Maverick, there may not be a large opportunity – or as large opportunities on the system integration side. And, Blake, if you could comment on your willingness to maybe do somewhat bigger deals. There's a number of attractive segments of the industrial automation industry that you're maybe not participating in today. So I'm trying to understand your appetite there. Thanks.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure, I will be talking some more specifically about the role of these acquisitions and others on Thursday. But briefly, we remain primarily an organic growth company. There's no better way for us to spur our growth in performance than growth in our core platforms. That being said, the pace of the technology and the demands of customers that they have on their automation and information partners for credibility and an understanding of their best opportunities for productivity do put a little additional emphasis on acquiring and partnering for new technology and domain expertise. So it's more about the accelerated pace of the technology that may spur a little bit more activity on the acquisition side. But again, our priorities remain first, organic growth, and then in terms of capital acquisitions, followed by dividend and share repurchase. So I don't want to signal – I'm not signaling an interest in going after something big. We're not constrained. But our first priority is when we do consider acquisitions are how do they accelerate our existing strategy? How do they bring us technology, innovation? How do they increase our domain expertise? How do they increase our market access? And so the best acquisitions address one or more of those areas, and then we look secondarily about their impact on some portion of our financial structure.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks, and a pleasant surprise from Asia-Pacific. This quarter you talked about improving trends in China. I know you've made some changes there in terms of senior leadership in recent quarters. I wonder if you could talk about your strategy in China and any changes there in terms of your approach to distribution. It sounds like you're doing well with machine builders. You're seeing a nice take-up of your information solutions there. Maybe give us more color on your approach to distribution. Thanks very much.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Sure. We remain committed to limited market-making distribution around the world, and we have seen some optimism coming from our distributors and from our salespeople who are working with distributors. We also see the need to increase our own capabilities, particularly when we're having these more unstructured discussions about the connected enterprise. So we can't depend entirely on our distributors to make that market for us. And so we're investing in people who have skills in that area and have the expertise in the applications and the technology for driving that additional productivity. And we're looking at partners as well. Engineering companies, when they see the value of working with us, they can be a very credible source of information and value-add for those customers as well. So it's a broad approach. It remains one that includes distribution at its core, but it also includes developing our own capabilities as well as developing deeper relationships with key engineering firms.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks very much and good luck, guys.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Eli Lustgarten from Longbow. Please go ahead.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: One clarification, you said the tax rate would be 24% with a benefit in the first quarter. Are we headed back towards mid-20s? And when you get past 2018, are we going to normalize the tax rate?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Eli, I think we've talked about this in the past. If you ask what I think more a long-term base tax rate is for us, I think it's more like in the 26% to 27% range.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thanks for doing that. And as we looked at the businesses, you talk about mining getting better. You have a very small exposure to coal I believe, but there's no exposure going up with any of the bankruptcies. And there's basically, with the coal market still in shambles, that it shouldn't have much of an effect in 2017, and with the auto business up by itself ex the powertrain business in 2017.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: We're talking about a $20 million opportunity in powertrain for us annually. If you think about our automotive business as being ballpark, $600 million – $650 million of our total sales, you can do the math yourself. Without powertrain, there would be significantly lower growth.
Blake D. Moret - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And going back to your first question about coal, you're right. Our exposure to coal is fairly low. It was a little bit more in China, but I would say it's decreased quite a bit over the last couple of years, and we don't expect additional exposure to coal in the U.S. or elsewhere.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: All right, thank you very much.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay, that concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This indeed does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc. John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Blake Moret, our President and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that website for replay for the next 60 days. Before we get started I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As you probably all know by now, I succeeded Keith Nosbusch as President and CEO earlier this month while Keith remains Chairman of our Board. I am honored beyond words and humbled to lead this great company. I thank the board for the opportunity. As several of you mentioned on the call last quarter, Keith had a tremendous run as CEO. He transformed Rockwell Automation into a technology company based on intellectual capital, expanded our served markets and increased market share by enhancing the value we provide to our customers. As a result, Keith has generated exceptional financial returns for shareowners during his tenure. On a personal note, I'd like to thank Keith for demonstrating how to win the right way, by focusing on long-term customer value and rock-solid integrity. So, certainly big shoes to fill, but I'm very confident that with our dedicated employees, experienced management team and best-in-class partners we can continue to build on our track record of differentiation, above-market revenue growth and superior financial returns. With that, I'll start with some key points for the quarter. so, please turn to page three in the slide deck. The quarter was generally in line with our expectations. Year-over-year organic sales were down about a point more than we expected and margins were somewhat better. As we projected, sales in our product businesses picked compared to the prior quarter. Orders in our solutions and services businesses improved sequentially but solutions and services orders and sales came in below expectations, particularly in the U.S. and Canada. Globally the vertical picture is pretty much the same as in prior quarters. Heavy industry end markets remain challenging, with oil and gas, and mining the weakest verticals. Oil and gas was down over 30% in the quarter, more than we expected. Consumer and auto both continued to grow. Organic sales in the U.S. and Canada were down 8%. Heavy industries, including oil and gas, accounted for almost all of the year-over-year decline. In the U.S., we experienced some delays in larger projects generally but particularly in heavy industry end markets affecting our solutions and services businesses. In China, conditions remained stable and we saw another quarter of sequential revenue growth as consumer and auto continued to outperform heavy industries. As expected, sales were down mid-teens in the quarter. I'm encouraged, however, that orders in China were up year-over-year. EMEA had an excellent quarter with over 5% organic sales growth. I'm particularly pleased with our continued progress with machine builders in this region. Home and personal care, and food and beverage were the strongest verticals in this region. In Latin America, sales were up 8% led by Mexico where strength remains broad based across most verticals. Let me add a few comments about the quarter. Our Process Business was flat compared to the prior quarter and down 20% year-over-year. Logix was down 3% compared to last year but grew 4% sequentially. And I'm pleased that as expected, Architecture & Software margins improved and were up 300 basis points sequentially. This contributed to our strong segment margin performance in the quarter of over 21%. Ted will elaborate more on Q3 financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on to our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. We expect continued improvement in our product sales but the weaker third quarter solutions and services orders and sales performance has caused us to reduce our sales outlook for the fourth quarter. We still believe we will see modest sequential sales improvement in the second half of the fiscal year, but not as much as we anticipated in April. Globally, we expect heavy industries to remain weak and see a continued positive outlook for the consumer and automotive verticals. Taking all these factors into consideration, we are lowering our full year fiscal 2016 organic sales guidance to down about 4% at the midpoint, a point lower than our April guidance and are revising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $5.80 to $6.00. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Ted, let me add a few comments. Given the recent leadership transition, I recognize that many of you have questions about my vision for Rockwell Automation and what changes you can expect. I'll have the opportunity to share my thoughts with you in more detail at our Annual Investor Day at Automation Fair in November this year, but here are some initial points. Rockwell Automation will continue to focus all of our passion and knowledge on making our customers more productive. We'll do that by building on the strong foundation Keith built and maximizing customer value by understanding our customers' best opportunities for productivity, combining a differentiated technology and domain expertise to deliver positive business outcomes for our customers and continually simplifying their experience. Understanding fosters loyalty. Combining technology and expertise increases customer share, preserves margins and reduces cyclicality. Simplification drives productivity for our customers and for us. Above-market growth will come from share gains, new value from the Connected Enterprise and acquisitions used as catalysts to accelerate our strategy. We are very well positioned to bring the Connected Enterprise to life for our customers, given our technology, domain expertise, partners and market access. We are implementing a growing number of pilots to quantify this new value and I am pleased with the progress and diversity of these customer engagements. Expansion of these pilots to multiple locations may take some time to play out and the pace will vary from vertical to vertical, customer to customer. However, we continue to earn the position of trusted partner at new customers every day as a single integrated business focused exclusively on making them more competitive. Finally, I'd like to thank our employees and partners for their continued dedication in serving our customers. With that, Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Blake, and good morning, everybody. I'll start on page four, third quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.474 billion, 6.4% lower than Q3 last year. Organic sales declined 4.8% and currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 1.8%. As Blake said, the organic sales decline was about 1 point worse than we expected and the shortfall was primarily in our solutions and services businesses in the U.S. and Canada. Currency was in line with our expectations. Segment operating margin was 21.1% in the third quarter, down 70 basis points from Q3 last year, primarily related to the lower sales and unfavorable currency impact, partly offset by lower incentive compensation cost. Operating margin improved sequentially by 1.8 points. General corporate net was approximately $17 million in the quarter compared to $22 million in Q3 last year. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.55, down $0.04 or 3% compared to third quarter of last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 25.1% compared to 27.9% in Q3 last year. We recognized a favorable discrete tax item in the current quarter and we're also benefiting this year from the R&D tax credit. Free cash flow for Q3 was $250 million. Free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 123% in the quarter. Our trailing four-quarter return on invested capital was 32.6%. A couple of items not shown here, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 130.8 million, down about 3.5% compared to last year. Also, during the third quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares at a cost of about $122 million. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 3.5 million shares at a cost of $370 million. In November, we talked about a full year repurchase target of $500 million. We're running very close to that pace through June. At the end of the quarter, there was $1.075 billion remaining under the previous share repurchase authorization. The next slide presents the sales and operating margin performance of our Architecture & Software segment, both for the third quarter and year-to-date. I'll focus my comments on the third quarter results. On the left side of this chart, Architecture & Software segment sales were $666 million in Q3, down 2.5% compared to Q3 last year. Organic sales declined 1.3%. Currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 1.6%. Sequential organic growth was about 4.5%. Moving to the right side of the chart, A&S margins were 27.6%, down 160 basis points compared to Q3 last year, primarily due to lower sales and unfavorable mix and currency impacts, offset in part by lower incentive compensation costs. Operating margin improved sequentially by 300 basis points. Turning to page six, this is the Control Products & Solutions segment. In the third quarter, Control Products & Solutions segment sales were $808 million, down 9.4% year-over-year on a reported basis with organic sales down 7.5%. Currency translation reduced sales by 1.9%. Sequentially, organic sales for Control Products & Solutions declined by 1.5%. On a year-over-year basis, organic sales for the product businesses in the segment declined about 4.5%. Organic sales for the solutions and services portion of the segment declined by about 10%. Decline in the solutions and services portion of this business was about $15 million larger than we expected and this was primarily in heavy industry verticals in the U.S. and Canada. The book-to-bill in Q3 for solutions and services was 1.04. Particularly in the U.S., we saw a larger amount of project delays in our solutions and services businesses in Q3 and we expect this trend in delays to continue into Q4. Consequently, we've reduced our previous projections for sales in these businesses for the fourth quarter. CP&S operating margin was 15.7%, down 40 basis points from 16.1% in Q3 last year. We consider that to be good margin performance on a significant top line reduction. The impact of lower sales was partly offset by productivity and lower incentive compensation costs. Moving to the next slide. Page seven provides the geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter, and the nine months through June. As you can see on the slide, the organic sales decline in the quarter was driven by the U.S., Canada and Asia Pacific with healthy organic growth in EMEA and Latin America. Blake already provided some regional colors so I'll just add a couple of notes. We experienced a year-over-year decline of 1% in total Emerging Market organic sales with the decline in China more than offsetting growth in the balance of the emerging countries. Blake mentioned the weakness in the heavy industry including oil and gas being down over 30% year-over-year in Q3. That was a larger decline than we expected. Previously, we expected oil and gas to be down about 20% for the full year. We now expect a decline of about 25%. Please turn to the next page, which is our updated fiscal year 2016 guidance. So, as Blake said, we are revising full year guidance and narrowing the guidance range. Given the sales and order misses in our solutions and services businesses in Q3, and a related reduced outlook for Q4, we're reducing the guidance midpoint for organic sales from a decline of minus 3% to minus 4%. You can think of the new guidance range as plus or minus about $50 million, so roughly minus 3% to minus 5% organically. We now expect currency to be a little more negative for the full year but still at about minus 3%. We expect reported sales of approximately $5.85 billion at the midpoint. We continue to expect segment operating margin to be a little lower than 20.5%, so no change from previous guidance despite the reduced top line. We now expect an Adjusted Effective Tax Rate for the full year of about 24.5%, about a 0.5 point lower than previous guidance, and primarily due to the favorable discrete item in Q3 that I mentioned earlier. Taking into account lower organic sales, our operating margin expectation and a modestly lower tax rate, the new guidance range for Adjusted EPS is $5.80 to $6. That puts us $0.05 lower than previous guidance at the midpoint. As usual, there are a lot of moving parts. But basically, the earnings contribution that we lost due to lower solutions and services organic sales we mostly offset with somewhat lower spending and a lower tax rate. We continue to expect about 100% conversion of Adjusted Income to free cash flow. There are a few other items not shown here that I think are generally of interest. We continue to expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $75 million for the full year. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about $131 million for the full year. And finally, our guidance continues to include a provision for potential restructuring charges of about $10 million in the fourth quarter. And with that, I'll turn it over to Patrick for the Q&A.
Patrick Goris - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you for that. And, operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Scott Davis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: One of the things – and welcome, Blake, to your first solo call.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: You guys have done a pretty good job in this down cycle we're experiencing right now holding margins, keeping the wheels on and such. And when you think about your change in guidance kept margins flat versus prior guidance. How much of that is this lowered compensation dynamic? And how sustainable is that? When you think about – Blake, when you think about going into next year, I mean, you start thinking about compounding years of lower compensation. At some point I would imagine it's – you risk losing some people. So how do you think about that dynamic?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So, Scott, to your first question, in terms of the April guidance to July guidance, there's no difference in the savings from lower incentive compensation. It's the same in both numbers. But to your question about sustainability. I mean, you're correct and we've been saying all year that when our sales and earnings start to improve once again, we will have to restore the incentive compensation to more normal levels. And so at some point we're going to have a headwind in our margins related to that.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's fair. And then as a quick follow-on, when you think about large project delays, are they being delayed because of macro conditions? Are they being delayed because of shortage of labor? I mean what is the primary cause?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Typically, it's because the users don't need the additional capacity. So I don't think the shortage of labor is as big an issue as the users going slower on planned upgrades or capacity expansions.
Scott Reed Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's what I thought. All right. I'll pass it on. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Morning. Oil and gas, can we talk about that for a second? Down over 30%. You got companies like Halliburton and Dover that perpetually called the bottom and say, things are going to get better. And then ITW basically said, no, we wouldn't call the bottom. I understand you're not an oil and gas company, but based on your front log and the impacts, I mean where – is this thing going to sort of sequentially continue to kind of dribble down here and get worse? Or what do you think on that front? And what's maybe baked into your guidance for the fourth quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Hey. So, John, so this is Ted. We were a little bit surprised by the Q3 results. We did not expect to see kind of a sequential decline in the oil and gas business. It was largely driven by Latin America, which was also a surprise to us, and it was related to some project push outs in the quarter because it was project specific it's a little bit hard to call whether this is a trend or whether it's just something unique to this quarter. I don't think we're comfortable calling a bottom in oil and gas but we're not expecting further sequential decline in Q4.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Ted, Latin America, by that you mean PEMEX and in that context you don't have to be an oil forecaster. You could probably look at PEMEX or whatever customer it is and try and ring fence the impact. I mean is – anything you can say on that front? Are we talking Mexico? And just my other comment, is this a customer-related issue or do you think it's just more broad?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The only thing I would say is this was broader than PEMEX.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We saw this across oil, across Latin America. And so PEMEX was part of it but not the largest part of it.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Well maybe it's Zika-related. Can I ask you about the down 20% Process? Honeywell didn't put up results like that. I realize you're not Honeywell, but maybe this is a dovetail question for Blake. Process has been one of Keith's signature sort of focal points. And I understand markets are weak. But why is Process down 20%? Was there any kind of incremental color you can provide? And I'd be curious if, Blake, in your own thoughts towards how you're going to prioritize Process or how you're thinking about it in the context of strategic opportunities?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thanks, John. First of all, Process remains at the top of the list in terms of our growth opportunities. It's the large part of our served market and we continue to invest in technology and domain expertise and in market access to take share in Process. One of the factors I think contributing to our reductions in Process is we don't have the same historical installed base to be able to mine recurring revenue in the form of service contracts from those Process Systems that may have been installed 20 years or 30 years ago. So, that's one of the primary factors that we don't see the hedge, if you will, against the volatility in the project-based business.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: John, I think the other – I'm not an expert on Honeywell, but I think Honeywell's exposure in oil and gas is much more downstream oriented than ours. And I think that's another factor in the performance. And then the biggest thing for us in Process is simply that a lot of our Process Business is solutions-related. Our solutions exposure is much more heavy-industry related. And with oil and gas down significantly and mining down significantly, it's hard for us to post better numbers in Process.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. No, Honeywell's definitely downstream for sure. So that – so just a last one. So just the Process then, is this dovetailing? I realize there's a lot of Venn diagram overlaps in Rockwell's results. Is this dovetailing with the Canada, U.S. kind of being a little worse? So what you're saying is your Process Business hasn't been there 30 years? So there's a lot more new project reliance. So if there's some heavy industry push to the right, which I'm assuming encompasses oil and gas, is this also explaining Process? Like is this all part of the same thing, if you will?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. That's right.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. And, Blake, congratulations on the job.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. So just to follow on to Scott's question. I think there's going to be a lot of questions on the impact of the compensation tailwinds. And I know that, Ted, you mentioned it's the same as the April quarter sorry, the Q2 fiscal. Maybe could you just maybe try and help us quantify what that tail could be as we think about next year's numbers?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, so I can't. I don't think I want to try to do 2017 guidance, especially on a specific number like incentive comp. But I can quantify it for this year. We have consistently said that the year-over-year savings that we got from incentive comp this year was tens of millions of dollars, but less than $50 million.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And that's obviously for the fiscal year rather than the quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That was for the full fiscal year 2016.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then that range is still valid -- okay, that's very helpful. Thanks. Thanks, Ted. And then, I guess just thinking about the way that the quarter developed. It's obviously -- your guidance for 4Q is very similar to 3Q so it doesn't feel like there's a whole lot just changing. But there's obviously a big debate about auto and actually, Mexico as well. I mean, Mexican IP is close to negative, if it's not already there. Mexico has been a bright spot. So, first of all I guess, are you seeing any signs of tired legs on the auto cycle and some of the CapEx investments? And secondly, any signs of weakening in Mexico, just given the quite weak data that we see on the macro front?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, so on auto, we saw growth in auto in Q3 kind of as we expected. And we're expecting Q4 to be a good quarter. In Mexico, Mexico was not quite as good as we were thinking it could be in Q3, primarily around heavy industry. And I think our expectations for Mexico in Q4 are now a little lower than they were a quarter ago.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. No surprise there. Thanks, Ted.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks a lot. Good morning. Congratulations, Blake, best of luck.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The Latin America oil and gas weakness, I assume that – is a lot of that offshore-related? Or is there a mix there?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's a mix. When we talk specifically about PEMEX, that's going to be inclusive of both offshore rigs as well as onshore production. And then when we look at Brazil, again, a mix that would be a little bit heavier on the offshore side. But, of course, Brazil is very weak as they remain in a recession?
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I think a lot of these guys asked a lot of good questions so far so I'll take the high level one. What are you seeing out there? How do you think this economy is trending over the next 12 months? I know we've got these kind of project delays. Are these project delays – do they represent pent-up demand or because of this capacity situation we're in, what do you kind of see from just a broad ISM or broad CapEx perspective out there from an appetite perspective as you talk to customers about the pipeline of activity? What's your sense of – how do you characterize these environments for the next 12 months to 18 months?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Steve, speaking specifically of the U.S., we'd characterize the U.S. market as stable. We are seeing some growth in consumer but continued weakness in heavy industry, including oil and gas.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And, Steve, I think more than anything else this is just, what we're seeing is constrained capital spending in heavy industry.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And so is that phased? I mean, does anything else pick up – if those declines moderate, is there anything else you see there that kind of can accelerate going forward? Is there just kind of – oh man, I just wish we got a little catalyst, there's a big pipeline of opportunities. Or just kind of hand to mouth, more hand to mouth?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So if we look beyond oil and gas and we look for some of the pockets of relative strength in heavy industries, pulp and paper, we do see growth in pulp and paper. In water, wastewater we had a good Q3 and we expect continued growth there. Chemicals, the chemical industry continues to benefit from the lower cost feedstock from natural gas. And so we see strength in chemical as well.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks. And welcome, Blake. I guess, my first question would be around the U.S. demand trends that you talked about. I think a lot of companies have seen pretty weak but steady demand in the last few months in the U.S. Clearly, things seem to be disappointing for you. So is that something that got worse as the quarter went on? Or was it something that was true pretty much of the whole last sort of three- or four-month period?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, Julian, there's some different questions there. The first thing I would say is from a quarterly progression point of view, this was a pretty typical quarter where we actually saw improvement as the quarter progressed. In terms of overall U.S. market conditions, it's a little bit mixed right now. I mean, our product sales in the U.S. were up sequentially pretty much exactly as we expected, and I'd say we're seeing a positive demand trend on the product side. It was really the solutions and services businesses where we saw the unexpected decline and it appears to be very much related to heavy industry. As you know, we've got more exposure in solutions and services to heavy industry and a better exposure in product sales at consumer and automotive, and I think it's that dichotomy in the performance of those respective verticals that's causing that result.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Understood. Thank you, and then just within the margins within CP&S, they've been extremely resilient in the last nine months. I was curious if you're seeing in your backlog in the context of the weak orders and book-to-bill, if you're seeing anything from mix or worse, pricing that suggests that those margins in CP&S come under a little bit more pressure in the next three months to six months?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, if anything in CP&S we're benefiting from a little bit of favorable mix because the product sales growth has been outpacing solutions and services sales growth. Specifically, as it relates to pricing, on the product side, we saw about the same level of pricing in Q3 as we have seen in the earlier quarters this year. On the solutions and services side, in a down market like this, things tend to get more competitive, but I wouldn't say we're expecting any significant impact on margins in Q4.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird. Please, go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes. Welcome, Blake.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Rick.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just a quick couple of thoughts, if you will, on EMEA. I think the reference there on the growth rates of just under 6% was really around the more machine builders market. But could you maybe go one level deeper on the machine builders market and what is the exposure there? Is it on the consumer side? Is it exports? So just maybe a little better sense of what the customer base on the machine builder side looks like in EMEA and how sustainable that kind of mid-single digit growth rate might be here over the next couple quarters.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, Rick, you said it. It is centered on the consumer side and food and beverage. So a classic OEM success story for us in Europe would be a packaging machine builder who's benefiting, quite frankly, from some of our recent product releases in our core platforms. And as they try to be more competitive, as they go after the mid range type of machines, especially in emerging markets, we've given them some new functionality that's allowed them to better compete. And so we're seeing growth in that segment of the OEM market.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And just maybe as a follow-up question. I just want to follow-up on the CP&S business again. Looking at maybe the fourth quarter core guide, it does appear though as the CP&S business should seasonally show some fourth quarter strength over the third quarter. And is the backlog and your commentary around pricing and the solutions business, does the op profit in the fourth quarter respond to that higher volume sequentially?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, Rick, I think everything we have talked about around the weakness that we saw in solutions and services orders in Q3 and the delays that we think are going to carry over into Q4, the typical significant revenue uptick we get from Q3 to Q4 primarily related to our solutions and services businesses. We don't think we're going to see that this year, at least not to the same extent.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Correct.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And so that is going to have an impact on operating margin. We're not going to get that same volume leverage, operating margin impact that we normally have in Q4. The other two things are going on in Q4, in Q3 spending came a little bit lighter than we expected. And I think there's going to be some catch up of that in Q4. And then I mentioned in my comments, we've got about $10 million of potential restructuring charges sitting in Q4 as well.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And that is the $10 million of restructuring, presumably that's a pre-tax number. That's included in your guidance? Or excluded?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Included.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And that is a pre-tax number.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And so just to clarify though, the revenue in CP&S for the fourth quarter will be lower than it is – than it was in the third?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): No.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, we will not be lower. We just won't have the magnitude of increase we typically see.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Correct. I understand. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. And welcome, Blake.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, Blake. Can you fill out your thoughts on kind of the Connected Enterprise updates you gave in some of the pilots? You talked about the number increasing and just sort of the nature of the timing and how you see it developing?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Just to set the context, the Connected Enterprise really is at the heart of the company's overall strategy. And so while we sometimes focus on the new value that comes from the Connected Enterprise with the networks and networks services, security and information management software, it really begins with our core platforms. And so the functionality that I talked about for a machine builder, those same products include the functionality that enables that higher-level productivity. So just let me give an example with that same packaging OEM. They're using our new products, some of our recent CompactLogix releases, Motion, PowerFlex drives to get more performance out of their machinery and more flexibility and to be able to perform safety functions more elegantly. When that equipment is shipped to, say, a food producer, we enable faster line integration with our software. We can provide network design services to remove bottlenecks and we can remotely monitor that line and a hundred other lines around the world to benchmark performance to maximize up time. So the data that can be turned into information to make better decisions already exists in our plan for drives and controllers. And we've been asked by users in a wide variety of industries to get involved with pilots to quantify that value. So they're starting small so that they can have a discreet opportunity to look at the benefits of this new functionality before they roll it out to multiple locations. And that's going to take a little while to play out, and each customer's going to move at their own pace. But we're very encouraged by the early progress.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then, Rockwell has always made great use of the partnership network, as well as alliances over the years. Is any of that changing? There's a lot of partnerships seeming to be formed out there, GE with Microsoft recently. And that's been one of your alliances for a long time as well. Does that change anything? Do you guys need to adapt at all in terms of your historical approach to partnerships and alliances? Or is it still the same approach?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, Shannon. It's still the same approach. We don't anticipate any changes in our strategy, the closeness to Microsoft from the recent announcement because most of these partnerships are non-exclusive. And at the end of the day it's bringing positive outcomes to the user, combining the technology and the domain expertise that count. So that particular partnership is a lot around infrastructure and some of the specific cloud-level functionality. What we talk about in terms of new value, importantly, is scalability, and so a lot of the benefit that we can bring to a user is going to happen without having to leave the four walls of a plant. But we continue to work closely with Microsoft and Cisco and AT&T and a host of other partners to be able to bring the functionality that, that customer needs to make them most productive.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. 
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jeff. 
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I don't think we're looking at starvation of MRO and OpEx. And I think, Jeff, the health that we're seeing in product demand is indicative of some reasonable level of MRO spending ongoing. I mean, I think my comments about the vertical exposure on the product side was more related to projects. 
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, I'm not going to break out growth spending. I'll just talk about spending generally. Our sales are going to be down, if we're right about the guidance, by about 4% organically year-over-year. Spending I think is going to be close to flat year-over-year. So, on balance it's a little bit of a headwind to the margins. But when you look within spending I think what you would see is our R&D spending is actually up year-over-year a little bit in absolute dollars and up considerably as a percent of sales because of the sales decline and we've seen some reduction year-over-year in the SG&A areas. 
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jeff, acquisitions still remain an important part of our growth strategy. And I look at acquisitions as catalysts to identify strategic growth opportunities for the company. So we're not going to get into acquisitions that take us into lines of business that we don't understand but to speed up activities that we've already begun internally. I see it as an important part of our overall growth plan. We remain focused on organic growth first. But then acquisitions as catalysts are in the second position. We have a strong pipeline now. We're pursuing acquisitions now and we're not constrained by any small size limit. The ones we've done recently have happened to be on the smaller side. But we'll look at bigger ones too if they make sense and they fit that model.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning, guys. Blake, congratulations.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So, China down mid-teen in the quarter but orders up year-over-year. You mentioned consumer and auto still doing well there. I think your guidance before was for China to be down high-single digits to about 10% for the year. Is that still the case? And are you seeing any signs of tire and heavy industry at least bottoming, given some stability in China over the last couple quarters?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So your first question, I think China's going to be down about 10% year-over-year. I mean, that's our expectation given the Q3 performance and what we're looking at for Q4. I'd characterize China generally, including heavy industry, as stable. It doesn't seem to be getting a lot worse. But I would not say that we think we've turned the corner yet either.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Andy, on the specific comment around tire. From a worldwide standpoint, there are a number of greenfield tire plants that are under construction or under design around the world. A lot of those are heading towards North America and Mexico. It's a bit of an issue of timing and which machine builders win the big portions of those facilities to determine where those will hit. We have a strong position in tire. That's going to be re-enforced with these new greenfields. But again, we're not exactly sure where all of those orders are going to be placed.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks for that. And I think I know the answer to this, but I'll ask it anyway. Have you seen any improvement at all in metals and mining at this point? Or at least signs of a bottom? It might be too early for actual improvement but what about incremental discussions in the space?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. Here and there, there are consolidations of steel mills and mines as people are trying to get productivity. We participate in some of the ongoing productivity projects within metals and mining. But the low cost of the resources and the overcapacity is still putting pressure on those verticals.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Winoker with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks. And good morning, all. Just to put a finer point on one of your earlier answers. You said that auto saw growth in Q3 and expecting a good Q4. But last quarter you said it was specifically 3% up. What was the number this quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So auto was up about 1% this quarter.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And powertrain growth where you're taking some share?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. The powertrain is proceeding as we expected. We've gotten some great commitments this year. And I'd say we're kind of on track for the kind of $20 million incremental that we've been talking about.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And, Ted, one other thing. On the whole restructuring question, you've got this $10 million placeholder for 4Q. When we had talked about this in the prior quarter, you had talked about $10 million, potentially $20 million. What did you end up executing in the third quarter? And why holding off longer given the broader environment that you're looking at?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So a couple different pieces to that. First, we've always talked about in our normal course of business we'd expect to spend about $10 million on restructuring over the course of a year. And this year we had provided for an additional $10 million. We have spent some on restructuring earlier in the year. But given the slowdown that we saw in the solutions and services businesses in Q3 and the revised outlook for Q4, we're now kind of taking that into account, as well as assessing what we think we're going to see at least in the first half of next year and we're going through a careful assessment of one, do we need to adjust the cost structure, and two, if we don't need to adjust the cost structure, do we need to do some reallocation of resources so that we can get positioned for what we think the best growth opportunities will be next year. That's a combination of both of those things that have caused us to put some potential restructuring charges into Q4.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. I know we've talked a lot about the fourth quarter, but just so I'm just trying to get some clarity in terms of how you're thinking about that progressing. You've got 4.5 points of easier comps, I guess, up 2.2% to down 2.3% from Q3 to Q4 in 2015. You're calling for roughly down 4% organic growth on top of that in the fourth quarter. You mentioned the solutions and services pressures going into the fourth quarter. But given the lapping of the comps at this point, are you thinking about at least – and I know we don't get guidance for a little while for 2017, but are you thinking about exiting 2016 at that weaker rate for some time to come, or can you picture this as actually probably sort of a shorter-term issue?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we're going to defer any discussions about 2017 until we provide guidance in November. But I would say, particularly in the solutions and services businesses, our comparisons start to get a little bit easier after Q4.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. And they are getting easier in Q4 too though, right?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, not necessarily in solutions and services.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. That's just the broader segment.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. All right, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, and congratulations, Blake.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Joe.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. My first question I guess, maybe just a little bit of clarification on China auto. With the light vehicle tax stimulus potentially rolling at the end of this calendar year, have you guys sensed that you've gotten any benefit from the tax stimulus being in place in the first place?
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. We haven't seen any direct impact from that stimulus on accelerating or increasing the number of projects in the pipeline.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. And then, maybe a couple of quick hits on the margins. Ted, did you – this year, was there any impact from the FX hedges? I know last year you had some gains come through. Was there anything that was impacting your margins this year on the FX side?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. That's something else we've been talking about all year. Our hedges are rolling year-over-year and they're rolling kind of with a lower benefit. So we've still got hedge gains this year but lower hedge gains than we had a year ago. And it's about $13 million on a year-over-year basis.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. The $13 million is incrementally lower than last year? Is that the right way to think about it?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Yes.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. Great. And then maybe just on the 4Q margins. I know last year you guys had elevated R&D spend. Your margins in your A&S segment were down pretty significantly on a year-over-year basis. And so are there some potential tailwinds that we should expect in the fourth quarter from just a comps perspective?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: There are always a lot of puts and takes on a year-over-year basis. But I think I'd repeat what I said earlier about fourth quarter margins. Sequentially, it's likely margin will be down a little bit Q3 to Q4. We don't expect to see the same pop in solutions and services sales that we normally see. So we're not going to have that volume leverage this year, that same volume leverage. I think sequentially spending is going to be a little bit higher in Q4. And we've got that potential restructuring charge sitting in Q4 where there was very little restructuring charge in Q3. So those are all the reasons that I think we're going to see a little bit lower sequential margin.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Gotcha. That's helpful. Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: And our final question is from the line of Jeremie Capron with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. Good morning. And welcome, Blake.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jeremie.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Just a quick question on the cash flows here. We've seen quite a bit of change in terms of your geographic mix now with North America business coming under pressure. I wonder how does this affect your ability to continue to return excess cash to shareholders in a tax efficient way. And are you willing to take on more debt as you did last year to continue with this strategy? Thanks.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So subject to what our acquisition spending is we continue to be committed to deploying our full excess free cash flow to share owners either through dividend or share repurchase. And as you mentioned, we did that last year and it required taking on a little bit more debt. I think you're going to see the same thing this year. And so I think the answer to the question is yes. There was another question in there about kind of weakness in the U.S. and I'm guessing you're asking about distribution of cash flows. I would say that has not changed significantly for us as a consequence of the U.S. market conditions.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks very much, and good luck.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Blake D. Moret - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Patrick Goris - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations: Okay. That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris - Vice President of Investor Relations Keith Nosbusch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ted Crandall - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Blake Moret - Senior Vice President, Control Products & Solutions
Analysts: John Inch - Deutsche Bank Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Deepa Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities Scott Davis - Barclays Capital Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird Shannon O’Callaghan - UBS Steve Winoker - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our Web site. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that Web site for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Patrick. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I suspect by now that you have read the press release that was issued last week Tuesday. I will be stepping down from the role of President and CEO of Rockwell Automation on June 30. And effective July 1, Blake Moret will succeed me and become President and CEO of the company. I will remain Chairman of the Board. Blake has been with the company for over 30 years and has gathered a wealth of experience across the organization, including sales management, business management positions in both segments, and international assignments. He brings a strong customer focus as well as a deep understanding of our values, people, and technology. He has proven himself to be an exceptional leader with demonstrated readiness to lead the company. Blake is the ideal executive to move our company forward. I know many of you have had the opportunity to meet Blake over the last few years. In the coming months, we will find opportunities for Blake to meet with investors in his new role. With that, I’ll start with some key points for the quarter. So please turn to page three in the slide deck. The quarter generally played out as we expected, with organic sales down about 3.5%, heavy industry end markets remained very weak globally, lead by oil and gas and mining. Oil and gas was down a little over 20% in the quarter, in line with our expectations. Consumer and auto verticals saw low to mid-single-digit growth. In the US, oil and gas, again, was the weakest vertical. The US is a region where we have seen the largest decline in oil and gas. Food and beverage was one of the stronger verticals and automotive was flat. In China, strong growth in automotive was more than offset by continued weakness in heavy industries and tire. Sales in China were down a little over 10% year-over-year. Clearly, the US and China remain our most challenging geographies. However, sales in both the US and China increased modestly compared to last quarter. EMEA was about flat in the quarter, but built backlog. We expect to return to low-single-digit growth for the balance of the year. Home and personal care and life sciences remain the strongest verticals in this region. I’m pleased with continued strength in Latin America, led by Mexico. Let me add another couple of points on the quarter. Weak heavy industries continued to affect our process business, which was down high teens in the quarter. Logix sales declined over 5% in the quarter, reflecting the weakness in process industries. And segment margin was 19.3% in the quarter. This is a bit lower than we expected. However, I was pleased that the Control Products & Solutions segment maintained its margin despite lower sales. Ted will elaborate more on Q2 financial performance, including our segment margins in his results – in his remarks, excuse me. Let me add a couple of brief comments about our first half before moving on to our outlook for the fiscal year. Organic sales declined 3.5%. Heavy industry verticals were down globally. And growth in Latin America and EMEA was offset by declines in the US and China. I’m pleased that we have been able to keep segment margins at 20%, despite 8% lower sales. And we are very proud to have received the Ethisphere award for the eighth time, naming us as one of the world’s most ethical companies. This recognition is a testament to our strong culture of integrity. Let’s move on to what I expect for the balance of fiscal 2016. With respect to macroeconomic indicators, the most recent industrial production forecast has called for lower economic growth in 2016 than previously estimated, but continue to indicate some modest improvement in the second half of our fiscal year. Also, since we provided guidance in January, oil and commodity prices seem to have stabilized. Another welcome change is the stability and modest weakening of the US dollar since January. As we mentioned last quarter, the strong US dollar has adversely impacted US-based producers and equipment builders. So given that the macro environment has remained relatively stable, we believe that our performance in the balance of the year will be in line with what we projected in January, modest sequential improvement, but no year-over-year growth. Globally, we expect heavy industries to remain weak with some continued growth in the consumer and automotive verticals. The US and China will remain our weakest geographies. We expect continued growth in EMEA and believe Latin America will remain our fastest growth region for the year. Taking all these factors into consideration and with two quarters to go, we are narrowing our fiscal 2016 organic sales guidance range to down 1.5% to 4.5%. No change to the midpoint. We continue to expect fiscal 2016 sales of about 5.9 billion and are narrowing the EPS guidance range to $5.75 to $6.15. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Ted, let me add a few closing comments. As I travel and meet with customers and partners around the world, I’m confident that our vision of The Connected Enterprise is coming alive. Early adoption of our new technology is promising and customers realize that our new high-performance architecture optimizes their business performance and makes them more globally competitive. Whether our customer is focused on expansion or productivity, CapEx or OpEx, our technology is equally relevant. Innovation, new product development, and domain expertise are the lifeblood of our company and we continue to invest to enhance our differentiation. I’m very excited about The Connected Enterprise and could not be more confident about the future success of Rockwell Automation. With that, let me turn it over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: Thank you, Keith. And good morning, everyone. I’ll begin my comments on page four, second quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were 1.440 billion, down 7.1% compared to Q2 last year. On an organic basis, sales declined 3.6%. That’s similar to the organic decline that we saw in Q1. Currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 3.5%. This quarter, we lapped some of the larger currency rate differences. Segment operating margin was 19.3%, down 2.3 points from Q2 last year, primarily due to lower sales, some unfavorable mix, primarily in the Architecture & Software segment and a negative impact from currency. General corporate net expense was $20 million in Q2 compared to $21 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.37, down $0.22, or about 14% compared to the second quarter of last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 23.7% compared to 26% in Q2 last year. The lower effective rate this year is primarily due to the recognition of a discrete tax item.  Free cash flow for Q2 was $203 million. Free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 113%. Through six months, free cash flow was $348 million with related conversion on adjusted income of 92%. Our trailing four-quarter return on invested capital was 32%. A couple of items not shown on the slide, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 101.3 million, down over 3% compared to last year. During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares at a cost of approximately $127 million. Through the first six months, we’ve repurchased 2.5 million shares at a cost of approximately $248 million. In November, we projected repurchases for the full year, totaling $500 million. We are on that pace. At the end of March, we had $197 million remaining on our then-existing share repurchase authorization. And on April 4, our Board of Directors approved an additional $1 billion share repurchase authorization. The next two slides present the sales and operating margin performance of each segment for the second quarter and year-to-date. Page five is the Architecture & Software segment and I’ll focus my comments on the quarter. Beginning on the left side of the chart, Architecture & Software segment sales were $630 million in Q2, down 6.6% compared to Q2 last year. The organic sales decline was 3.3% and currency translation also reduced sales by 3.3%. Moving to the right side of the chart, on the lower sales volume, A&S margins were 24.6%, down 5.2 points from Q2 last year. The year-over-year decline is primarily due to lower sales volume, negative currency effects, some mix headwinds within the segment, and increased spending. The margin result was about a point worse than we expected in the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, the largest unfavorable mix factor is related to a larger decline in controller and software businesses compared to the balance of the segment. The controller and software businesses are the highest margin business within this high margin segment. As expected, spending is also up modestly year-over-year in Architecture & Software, despite sales being down. The spending increase is primarily related to new product development and we remain committed to investment in key technologies even in these more difficult market conditions. We expect to see continued mix headwind in the Architecture & Software segment over the balance of the year. However, we expect some sequential sales growth into the second half and consequently expect Q2 to be our lowest margin quarter this year in this segment.  Moving to page six, the Control Products & Solutions segment, in the second quarter, Control Products & Solutions sales were $811 million, down 7.5% year-over-year and down 3.9% on an organic basis. Currency translation reduced sales by 3.6%. Sales in the product businesses and the solutions and service businesses within the segment were each down about 4% organically. The book-to-bill in Q2 for solutions and services was 0.98. That’s weaker than we expected and reflects continued weakness in heavy industries. The Control Products & Solutions segment continued to deliver very good operating margin at 15.2% in Q2, flat to Q2 last year, despite the lower sales. Turning to page seven, this provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows the year-over-year organic growth results for the quarter and year-to-date. Keith covered the quarter in his comments and the year-to-date performance pretty much mirrors the second quarter, so I’ll move to the next slide. And that takes us to guidance. As Keith mentioned, there are a couple of adjustments to the guidance. We’ve narrowed the range for both organic sales and adjusted EPS. That’s pretty typical for us to do at this point in the year. For organic growth, the midpoint remains at minus 3%, but the new range is minus 1.5% to minus 4.5%.  For currency translation, due to a recent weakening of the US dollar compared to several currencies, we now expect currency translation to reduce sales by about 3% rather than about 4% in the previous guidance. That takes us back to the level of the original November guidance. We still expect reported sales to be about $5.9 billion. With the improvement in currency translation, we went from a little below that number to a little above that number.  Regarding segment operating margin, we now expect that to be a little lower than 20.5%. We continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate of about 25%. We’re narrowing adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.75 to $6.15, with the same $5.95 midpoint. We continue to expect to convert about 100% of adjusted income to free cash flow. And there are a couple of items not shown here. We continue to expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $75 million for the full year and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 131 million for the full year. So with that, I’ll turn it back over to Patrick to begin the Q&A session.
Patrick Goris: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we’d like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let’s take our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from John Inch with Deutsche Bank. 
John Inch: Good morning, everyone. 
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, John.
John Inch: Keith, congratulations on an incredible career. And, Blake, congratulations. 
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
John Inch: You’re welcome. So let me start with Apple missing Consumer Electronics this week. 3M called this out yesterday. Can you just remind us what kind of exposures you have to these verticals and do they present some sort of an incremental headwind over the course of the coming quarters?
Keith Nosbusch: No. We don’t have much exposure to the consumer electronics space. That is not one of the key areas. We do a little bit in the semiconductor industry that feeds the market, but those markets are much larger than just one dimension. So we don’t see that as any change or any impact to our current business or our outlook for the rest of the year.
John Inch: Keith, 3M called out improvement in Europe yesterday. I realize you don’t have a large presence there, but you guys have been gaining ground in recent years. Are you seeing similar sort of trend as the quarter progressed and based on what you’re seeing in April.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. I think that’s why we said we had – we built backlog last quarter and we expect growth for the full year, the remainder of the year. And we had a very good first quarter in Europe. So would say that we are seeing improvement there and it’s been driven from both emerging Europe and then specific countries in mature Western Europe, particularly now that the south has come back a little better, strengthen in Italy, particularly in some of the home and personal care OEM segment. France has turned positive as well as Spain. So we do see that improvement, but it is also modest growth at this point.
John Inch: Okay. And then maybe just one for Ted. If I remember how you kind of laid out – how Rockwell has laid out its framework of expectation for 2016. Ted, you have the option of doing $10 million of extra restructuring. I think you said $10 million was a placeholder; you’re doing $20 million. You have this option of doing $10 million depending on the cadence of economy. Could you just remind us about those numbers, right, and what’s now baked into your thinking and the numbers going forward?
Ted Crandall: Yeah. You do have the numbers right. What we said, and I think this was back in November, is in a typical year we generally spend about $10 million on restructuring and we believe we will spend that this year. And I would say, through the first half, we’re on pace to do that. And we said we had an additional provision for an extra $10 million if we saw conditions deteriorating to an extent that we believe required some further restructuring actions. So that remains the case.
John Inch: In other words – you’re right. But we’re already in the third quarter. It sounds like you’re not really planning to spend it.
Ted Crandall: Well, we’ll see. If you remember correctly, looking back, oftentimes, we’ve taken some larger charges at the end of the year if we thought that was necessary to set us up for the expectations for the coming year. There’s no way to predict at this point whether that would be the case. But if it is, we’ve got the provision.
John Inch: Okay, I got it. Thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch: You’re welcome, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Steve, your line is open. You can ask your question.
Steve Tusa: Hey, great. Hey, everyone. Sorry for the delay there. Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Keith, congratulations on the announcement. It’s been a heck of a run and one of the best we’ve seen in our group over the last 15 years. Through all the downturns and everything, you did a fantastic job and deserve all the kudos, so congratulations.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we have a great team, but I appreciate the kind words.
Steve Tusa: Could you just talk about what you are seeing out there in auto? Broadly, what your expectations are for the rest of the year there? And just remind us, I think you said it was kind of low-single-digit in the quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: I don’t think we said that in the quarter, but we do expect auto to grow in the second half of the year. Consumer and auto would be the two areas that we anticipate the above-the-company average and positive growth. And the specific question on auto for the quarter was that it was up 3% and I don’t think I said that. But that was the number. So it was one of the offsets to some of our heavy industry declines, if you will. What we’re seeing in auto is continued high levels of investment. There is a lot of platform investment that is going on. We also see continued investment in Mexico by many of the US and European and Asian auto producers. We are seeing continued strength in China in the core automotive companies that we deal with. There’s still many fringe companies that are struggling. Western Europe still is very slow, not a lot of growth there. And Brazil, given the recession, it has been a difficult market and we’re seeing declines and projects being put on hold in Brazil. I think the other piece to the question is probably – you were thinking is – powertrain. We continue to see improvements in powertrain. We are winning more projects. We have increased commitments in powertrain over the last 12 to 18 months and we still see that as a good opportunity for us going forward. And that’s an area that we believe there will be ongoing investments and a place where we’ll be able to grow share. So that’s pretty much the color around auto.
Steve Tusa: And then just to follow-up, anything you’re seeing competitively out there from a pricing perspective? And then one just quick follow-up on that, Pentair talked about some of the beverage companies merging and they’re kind of delaying projects. Are you seeing anything like that? Your food and bev business has been pretty good. So those will be the other two. Thanks a lot.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. Well, let me answer the last one first. We’re not seeing any impact in the beverage industry with the consolidations that are going on. We continue to have projects, particularly with some of the key brewing companies and have had some recent wins there. So we’re, obviously, watching that. But many times we’re a supplier to both sides of that activity. So we tend to be able to work that in the interim as opposed to when we’re not on one side or the other and they’re going to make some other decision. So that’s the characterization there. With respect to China…
Steve Tusa: Not price. Price and kind of competitive behavior out there.
Keith Nosbusch: China is what I was going to say about price.
Steve Tusa: Well, got it.
Keith Nosbusch: But thank you for throwing that in. Price, I would say, it continues to be a topic in our conversations with customers. We haven’t seen a significant impact, other than China has become even more aggressive in pricing than we had seen previously. We are seeing that in some of the infrastructure projects and some of the SOEs that operate in some of the major industries. And we still expect pricing to be less than a point globally for us this year, probably a little lower than last year.
Ted Crandall: But, Steve, I would say, our price realization in Q2 was very similar to price realization in Q1.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And still flat for the year-ish?
Ted Crandall: I think, suspect for the full year, we’re going to be less than a point.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. Congrats again, Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. 
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and I want to echo the congratulations to Blake. And, Keith, quite a career. Congratulations. 
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Nigel Coe: Okay. So just on the mix in A&S, and you called out controller and software. And I’m a little bit surprised because I think my understanding is that food and beverage and auto are very rich for controllers and software. I understand that process might be the reason for the software mix. Maybe just add some color there and why expect that to remain weak going through the back half of the year.
Ted Crandall: So I think, in the past, generally, when we talked about mix, it’s been about product businesses versus solutions and services. But within the Architecture & Software segment, our controller and software businesses have a pretty balanced exposure across heavy industry, auto and consumer that is pretty similar to the overall company average in terms of exposure. The balance of the Architecture & Software segment, and particularly our motion control, sensing and safety businesses, are much more auto and consumer-centric. So with the significant decline we’re seeing in heavy industry and with our process business down 18% year-over-year in Q2 and with auto and consumer showing modest growth, the bigger declines in the segment are coming in the controller and software businesses. So that is principally what’s causing that mix issue. And I would say, in that regard, look, there’s always going to be some normal variability in mix on a quarterly basis.
Nigel Coe: Of course. [indiscernible]. And then, maybe Ted as well, the way the quarter panned out, we’ve seen a lot of commentary in past quarters, not necessarily from Rockwell, but from other companies, about stable trends, but then a weakening in the last month, did you see any variability through the quarter? So maybe just add some color in terms of what you’re seeing as we go into April.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I would say, it’s pretty typical for us for sales to build as we move through the quarter and that’s what we saw in Q2. So we didn’t see any weakening in March.
Nigel Coe: Okay, so normal seasonality basically.
Ted Crandall: Yeah.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes.
Nigel Coe: Yep. Okay, great. Thanks, Ted.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning. Sorry if you covered this, just jumped on late. But how do you see people behaving on price, particularly kind of in the oil patch? Is there any discernible negative trend that’s developed there?
Ted Crandall: So, Jeff, we had a previous question on this that Keith answered. Our price realization through the first half has been pretty much as we expected. We haven’t seen any significant change in pricing dynamics as a consequence of currency. And I would say up to this point, we haven’t seen any significant change in pricing levels in oil and gas compared to where we were last year.
Jeff Sprague: Right, thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: You’re welcome, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning. This is Deepa Raghavan for Rich Kwas. Congratulations, Keith. Question for me is, you mentioned in the release, you see growth opportunities for the balance of the year. Could you please give us your thoughts on where you see those pockets of strength, whether in terms of verticals and geographies, and if any of your geographical revenue expectations have changed since the last call?
Ted Crandall: I think the easiest way to think about this might be, we expect some sequential growth in the second half of the year that’s reasonably in line with normal seasonal patterns for us.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay.
Keith Nosbusch: Basically, that means we end up having a stronger Q4 as a normal seasonal pattern. With respect to where we’re expecting this, we expect that the consumer and auto industries will be the best growth areas for us and that heavy industries, in particular oil and gas and mining, will be the weakest areas and that’s the way we would characterize it. And I would say not a meaningful difference from what we have been seeing up to this point in time for the year. So that part has stayed pretty consistent, but, yes, we are expecting some sequential growth, modest sequential growth in the second half.
Deepa Raghavan: As a follow-up, process around the world, is that getting incrementally worse, better or the same as you would have expected? And just curious, what should happen for us to start to see growth in Logix especially? Is that – I don’t know – what drivers are material for it? Is it profitable at – oil prices seems to have stabilized. So is there a particular oil price level that you should be looking for or any other drivers that would help see an inflection in Logix?
Keith Nosbusch: First off, from the process standpoint, process was a little worse than we expected in the quarter. Oil and gas was what we expected, but the other heavy industries, particularly mining and metals, was a little worse and that’s what triggered the decline. We also believe that – your comment about Logix, two points to make. We do expect Logix to be a little bit below the A&S average, as Ted outlined earlier. Why that shift is occurring, it’s really because of the end markets performance, with the other areas within the A&S segment. I would say the opportunities to continue to see growth will be the expansion of our footprint in the OEM sector, mainly because of some of the new introductions of CompactLogix and the capabilities of integrated motion and safety in that platform. We believe that will allow us to create more opportunities in that space. And the other would be heavy industry. As the process starts coming back, we expect to see a better impact in the performance of our ControlLogix business in that sector. And then, as we continue to build out the high-performance architecture and The Connected Enterprise, we see that as great growth opportunities for our hardware platforms, of which Logix would be front and center there. 
Deepa Raghavan: Okay, thanks. So are you expecting process to improve in 2017? Is that – obviously, you have easy comps going into 2017, but is there any other expectation behind that?
Keith Nosbusch: For 2017, that’s a little early for us to be going there with all of you knowing the visibility we have. So we’ll give our 2017 guidance in the November call, but we do expect that process in fiscal year 2016 will be down in the mid-teens. So certainly not a recovery expected in this fiscal year.
Deepa Raghavan: Thank you very much.
Keith Nosbusch: Welcome. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Davis with Barclays.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys. 
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Congrats, Keith. I remember, you took over, I think the stock was about $20. And I wasn’t smart enough to recommend it at the time, but, boy, it was a heck of a run that you had, I think. Blake, the stock would have to get to about $700 by the time you retire to equal your predecessor’s impact on the market. Good luck with that.
Blake Moret: [indiscernible].
Scott Davis: No pressure at all. Good luck. Anyways, it’s been a great run, so congrats and good luck in your retirement. Guys, I want to talk a little bit about long order books. I know it’s hard and some of the other questions have touched on this bit. But if you think about your front log or your inquiries out, call it, 12-plus months on bigger projects where guys bring you in early, have you been – have you seen any inflection there at all, any encouragement at all, any folks that are now taking a look at the little pickup in commodity prices we’ve had and start to have a little bit more confidence to do stuff.
Keith Nosbusch: No, I would say, at this point, our front log has remained relatively flat. What we are seeing is a few more quotation activity in some of those industries. And generally, at this point, we would attribute that to, ‘they have a little more time now,’ and so they’re starting to look at future potential projects and we’re involved in that either directly with the end user or sometimes with a system integrator or EPC. So we are seeing more of that activity, but we aren’t seeing the opportunities to convert into our front log at this point in time as of yet.
Scott Davis: Okay. And just as a follow-on, I don’t hear you guys talk much about distributor inventories. Certainly, I would imagine, just given the size of some of your distributors, do you see some trends of stock restock that may mirror customer confidence and such? But have you seen anything – and I don’t know what your channel view is with all your distros, but have you seen any patterns of inventory changes even in the last four or five months?
Ted Crandall: So, Scott, we get point-of-sale data from most of our distributors. And for a very large portion of our distributors, we manage their inventory of our products electronically and do electronic replenishment. So we have pretty good visibility, maybe very good visibility of what’s in the channel, particularly in a market like North America. I would say, distributor inventories have been relatively stable. They have come down over the last 18 months, consistent with the drop in the volumes, but not in excess of that, and we haven’t seen any evidence of kind of overstocking.
Scott Davis: Okay. Keith, I was just – before I pass it on, I wanted to share a story. I remember your first presentation to the Street back many years ago. You hadn’t traded in your engineering outfit for your CEO outfit yet and you showed up with pants that were about 3 inches too short. And I remember the guys looking at each other and saying, ‘God, we have to take up a collection and buy this guy some new suits.’ Looks can be deceiving. At first, we all thought you might have been a little bit of a nerd, but it was a great run. So congrats and I’ll pass it on.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Scott. And I’ll take that suit anytime you’ve got it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird. 
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. And Keith and Blake, congrats. 
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Rich. Good morning.
Richard Eastman: Just a question, Keith, Latin America had another kind of standout quarter, up almost 13% in local currency. And I think you explained a lot of that by the transition by the major global auto putting production in Mexico and that benefit. But one of the things that did come up during the quarter in February, I believe, Pemex basically was the last to blink on their capital spend plan, but kind of quite dramatically. So when you look to the balance of your fiscal year, is that in your plan and does that function as an offset to your growth in Latin America in the second half and into next year?
Keith Nosbusch:
, : We are very hopeful that with Argentina and the change that is going on there that we’ll see more positive – matter of fact, that is one of the areas where we’re seeing more interest in companies thinking about making investments than 6 to 12 months ago. We’re also seeing in the Andean region the need to continue to spend some money on OpEx and small productivity projects in the mining industries, obviously, because of the share prices. Because of the commodity prices there, it’s important that they continue to drive costs out. So I would say the greatest challenge remains Venezuela and Brazil and those will be the greatest challenges in Latin America.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just one last follow-up question. When I look at maybe the incremental weakness in the metals and mining piece of process and then also the book-to-bill at less than 1 in the solutions business, usually, you build backlog in Q2 for the second half, but is that – when you take those two things into consideration, the incremental weakness in those two areas, are we best of shading the minus 4.5% core growth because there was no change here to your guidance essentially on core growth?
Ted Crandall: So our outlook by vertical is at best a little bit fuzzy when we’re going out nine or even six months. I think now is – updating our guidance from January, we think mining and metals are going to be a little bit weaker than we expected back in January. As it relates to oil and gas, we were thinking down 20 in January. We still think that’s down 20 for the full year. But we now expect consumer-related industries to be a little bit better. So that’s why we’ve maintained the overall organic growth rate for the year.
Richard Eastman: Okay, that’s fine.
Ted Crandall: And, Rick, as it relates to the 0.98, that’s below what we thought it would be in the quarter, but we were thinking of a number more like 1.03, 1.04, so it wasn’t too dramatically lower. 
Richard Eastman: Yes, okay. And then, obviously, we’d pick up $60 million from currency translation [indiscernible], okay. Okay, very good. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan with UBS. 
Shannon O’Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Congrats, Keith and Blake. I echo everything else that was said. I’ll spare you the gushing, but congratulations. Hey, in terms of the adoption of Connected Enterprise you were talking about, what are customers willing to spend on in this kind of a macro environment right now? Are you seeing them do sort of broad-based adoption or very sort of small kind of – putting their toes in the water on this stuff? Give a little sense of what people are willing to do and is that willingness improving at all?
Keith Nosbusch: It kind of has a broad spectrum. It’s not one approach that every customer is taking. But we now have more than ten pilots and rollouts that are going on at key customers in multiple industries. We are doing it in mining and metals and automotive and tire, in food, home and personal care, diversified industrials, consumer, multi-industry companies, and quite candidly, in our own Rockwell Automation journey on The Connected Enterprise. So I would say, what we’re seeing customers doing, are starting to implement their journey of digitizing their enterprise. And they are willing to spend at this point on learning and creating value and demonstrating that value in a portion of their business. We have only one or two major, I’ll say, companies or multi-plant, multi-geography rollouts that are going on. But the majority of it is testing of the concepts, of the integration of IT and OT, that convergence, and how they can also be thinking about this from reducing – improving their asset utilization on the plant floor and they’re willing to spend money in that. And they’re also trying to think about how does this extend more broadly into their entire supply chain. And so, that is what we’re seeing at this point in time. And with the introduction of the high-performance architecture and the ability to do real-time integrated control and information, that is the foundation of where they are starting to do this. And it’s about conversations and dialogues across multi disciplines in their organization. So our meetings now are with the IT organizations, the senior leadership of companies as they’re trying to understand what their broader strategy should be and, of course, the automation teams where we’re traditionally focused. So it’s working with different parts of the organization, it’s delivering on business outcomes as opposed to simply the productivity from automation and that’s a characterization of where we’re at at this point in time. And it’s an area that we think will continue to develop over the next couple of years and we’ll see the pace of it increase down the road.
Shannon O’Callaghan: And are any of these big enough or far enough along to sort of qualify as sort of signature adoptions that you can use, kind of customer testimonials as ways to drive adoption in other customers or are these all like – some of them smaller projects. Is there enough where you’re going to be able to say, ‘hey, look at what customer X did and look at what we’re able to do for their enterprise,’ and use this kind of a marketing of Connected Enterprise.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, that’s, obviously, the goal, but we don’t have that opportunity now. If you remember, at the investor meeting, our annual meeting, at Automation Fair, the best example of that is the Rockwell Automation journey story where we are able to quantify the benefits and we get a customer testimonial called us. But the reality is, this is still early. And in many cases, the customers are not anxious to demonstrate publicly the value that it has driven for them. But that is certainly our goal as we go forward and we think we’ll have some very significant examples and demonstrated outcomes that will be able to validate for other industries and other customers the benefits. And, obviously, that’s the goal. You hit it on the head. It’s about how can you take what we’re doing and translate it to the marketing front-end. And that’s why I mentioned the broad list of customers that we’re currently working with by industry because many of these are lighthouse accounts, lighthouse customers that are viewed as market leaders. And, therefore, when we can become more public with this, it will help us demonstrate to the rest of the industry and the rest of the customer base that there is value here.
Shannon O’Callaghan: That’s great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Operator, we will take one more question. After that, Keith will have some closing comments before we will end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Steve Winoker with Bernstein. 
Steve Winoker: Thanks. And good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Keith, obviously, congratulations. Hard to top Scott’s stories back to 1974 to Alan Bradley. So, anyway, that’s awesome for you. One question on that, though, the split of the Chairman versus CEO role, to what extent is this just a sort of convenient timing transition versus a philosophical change in governance?
Keith Nosbusch: This is timing for this time. I think our governance process is very clearly articulated here, in that the Board from time to time evaluates the combination or separate roles and they make that decision based upon the circumstances at the time. So this is consistent with our governance processes and generally consistent with how Rockwell Automation and Rockwell have done this in previous transitions. So nothing more to read into it.
Steve Winoker: Okay, great. And then, Ted, on A&S, you talked about it a little bit in terms of the mix impact and I assume CompactLogix, motion control, etc., but can you maybe quantify or give us a little sense for that increased spending relative to mix and currency and volume impact and where the spending was directed and continuation of it, etc.?
Ted Crandall: Yeah. So all four of the major items I mentioned – the volume, the mix, the currency impact, the spend – all of those on a year-over-year basis were a little over a point. On the spend, our spending in Architecture & Software is up about 4% year-over-year in the quarter. Our comparisons will get easier in the second half on spend, so spending will not be up by that same percentage in the second half, but it’s up about 4% in the quarter. And again, that reflects kind of primarily continued investment in product development.
Steve Winoker: Okay. And I assume Connected Enterprise type items or is it other?
Ted Crandall: That’s definitely part of it.
Steve Winoker: Yeah. Okay, thanks very much. That’s all. See you soon.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Ted Crandall: Before Keith starts his closing comments, I just had two quick items for you. One, something that did not come up in the Q&A was our full-year outlook for China, and that often comes up on the later calls, so I wanted to let you know that we still expect China for the full year to be down high-single-digits to maybe 10%. The other is, I got a note from a Rockwell colleague that suggested in my comments that I misstated the full year – the expected full-year outstanding share count. So if that is the case, I apologize. And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 131 million for the full year. Thank you. And Keith?
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. So with that last comment, let me end the call on a personal note. As you know, we have great employees, great customers and great partners. That is what makes Rockwell Automation a special company. It has been an honor and a privilege to have been CEO for the past 12-plus years. I have met and interacted with many of you over that time and I’ve always appreciated your keen interest in our company. Your coverage, questions and comments have been insightful and have helped us better understand our investors’ perspectives.  I’d also like to think that we did our part to earn your confidence and trust and your investments. We have great shareowners who understand our business model and our focus on innovation, sustainable competitive differentiation, and long-term value creation. And for that, I have all of you to thank. Over the next two months, I look forward to meeting with you at the remaining investor events. It’s been a great run and we will have an even better future and Blake is the right person to lead that future. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: That concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Ted Crandall - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Patrick Goris - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Scott Davis - Barclays Steve Tusa - JP Morgan John Inch - Deutsche Bank Shannon O’Callaghan - UBS Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Ronnie Upskill - Wells Fargo Jeremie Capron - CLSA Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Obin - Bank of America
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. If you have a question at that time, please press star, one.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s first quarter fiscal ’16 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith on the company’s performance in the first quarter. Keith will also provide context around our outlook for fiscal ’16. Then Ted will provide more details on the results, as well as our sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always, we’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks. We expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, and the webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days.  Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings.  With that, I’ll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks Patrick, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I’ll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. As expected, we had a weak start to the fiscal year with organic sales down a little over 3%. During the quarter, heavy industry end markets continued to soften globally, particularly oil and gas. Consumer and auto verticals were about flat. In the U.S., the weakness that started at the end of fiscal 2015 persisted throughout the first quarter and was broad-based across verticals.  Oil and gas again was the weakest vertical in the U.S. with sales down over 30% compared to last year, worse than we expected. In China, solid growth in the consumer and auto verticals was more than offset by the very weak heavy industry and tire verticals. Sales in China declined about 10% in the quarter. I am pleased with our continued solid growth in EMEA and Latin America. Emerging EMEA and Mexico continued to be bright spots. Total emerging markets were up 3% in the quarter despite the decline in China. Further weakening of heavy industry end markets globally impacted our process business, which was down 14% in the quarter.  Process growth in EMEA and Latin America was more than offset by declines in the U.S. and Asia. Logic sales were impacted by the significant decline in process industries, including oil and gas, and declined 6% in the quarter. You may recall that logic’s growth was 7% in the same quarter one year ago, so certainly a tough comp. I am pleased that we were able to hold segment margin near 21% despite 9% lower sales. Ted will elaborate more on Q1 financial performance in his remarks. Let’s move on to what we expect for the balance of fiscal 2016. With respect to the macroeconomic indicators, the most recent industrial production forecasts call for lower economic growth in 2016 than previously estimated, and only modest sequential improvement later in the fiscal year. Also, since we provided guidance in November oil and commodity prices have further deteriorated. As a result, we expect our global heavy industry end markets, particularly oil and gas, to be weaker than assumed in our November guidance. For the U.S., our largest market, industrial projection growth projections have now turned negative for our fiscal year, and a further strengthening of the U.S. dollar continues to affect U.S.-based producers and equipment builders across verticals. In China, we expect continued weakness in the heavy industry and tire verticals that remain plagued with over-capacity and a lack of capital investments. The consumer, life sciences and auto verticals are still not large enough to offset those declines, but they continue to grow, which bodes well for the future. In EMEA, we see continued growth led by emerging countries. Western Europe is stable and continues to improve slowly. Home and personal care is expected to be the strongest vertical in this region, oil and gas the weakest.  Finally, we believe Latin America again will be our strongest region this fiscal year, led by Mexico. Mexico continues to do exceptionally well across a broad range of industries, including oil and gas. We expect strength in Mexico will offset weakness elsewhere in the region.  Taking all these factors into consideration, we now expect fiscal 2016 organic sales to be down 1% to 5% and no longer expect year-over-year growth later in the fiscal year. Including the effects of a larger headwind from currency, we are updating fiscal 2016 sales guidance to about $5.9 billion and EPS guidance to $5.70 to $6.20. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over to Ted, I would like to again thank the many of you who attended Automation Fair in November. We had record attendance and I’m sure you were able to notice firsthand the excitement generated by our technology innovations, our expanding product portfolio, including our next generation high performance architecture, and our broader and deeper domain expertise. The connected enterprise message and deliverables are resonating with our customers globally, and our progress has not gone unnoticed. Control Magazine, a leading process industry publication, just released its annual Reader’s Choice Awards and once again our results were great. Of the 53 opportunities across 10 industries and six control disciplines, Rockwell Automation received 32 first place awards. The next best recipient had only 12.  We continue to be recognized as the only automation company with a scalable, multi-disciplined, integrated control and information architecture for plant-wide optimization. This was our best performance yet in this annual survey of process automation professionals, and it is a good indicator of how far we have come with our modern DCS portfolio of technology and domain expertise. Innovation truly is the lifeblood of our sustainable, competitive differentiation.  While current market conditions certainly are challenging, we will appropriately balance short-term financial performance with our long-term opportunities. We will protect key investments in innovation, domain expertise and commercial resources, and we will continue to expand our served market and gain share.  I am very optimistic on our long-term growth prospects and would like to thank our employees, partners and suppliers for their continued dedication in serving our customers. With that, let me turn it over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: Okay, thanks Keith. Good morning everybody. I’ll start on Page 4 with our first quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.427 million, and that was 9.4% lower than Q1 last year. On an organic basis, sales declined 3.3% and currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 6.1%. Segment operating margin was 20.7%, and that was down 130 basis points from Q1 last year and primarily due to the lower sales volume and the negative impact from currency. General corporate net was $18 million in Q1 compared to $23 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.49, down $0.15 or 9% compared to the first quarter of last year.  The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 22.8% compared to 26% in Q1 last year. Congress recently enacted a retroactive extension of the R&D tax credit for 2015 and made the credit permanent going forward. Without that extension, our adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 would have been pretty close to our previous full-year tax rate guidance of 27%.  Free cash flow for Q1 was $145 million. Free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 74%, and we would think of that as a pretty typical result for Q1. Our trailing four-quarter return on invested capital was 32.6%, and there are a couple of items not shown here. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 132.6 million, down about 3% compared to last year, and during the first quarter we repurchased 1.2 million shares at a cost of $122 million. At the end of the quarter, we had $323 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. The next two slides present the sales and operating margin performance of each segment. Page 5 is the architecture and software segment. Beginning on the left side of the chart, architecture and software segment sales were $643 million in Q1, down 9.2% compared to Q1 last year. The organic sales decline was 2.7%, and currency translation reduced sales by 6.5%.  Moving to the right side of the chart, on the lower sales volume, A&S margins were 27.4%, down 3.9 points from Q1 last year. Lower sales volume had a significant impact. This segment also bears the larger brunt of the negative currency conversion impact. I would note that Q1 last year was the highest quarterly margin for architecture and software. Sequentially compared to Q4, margin in this segment was about flat.  Moving to Page 6, the control products and solutions segment, in the first quarter control products and solution sales were $784 million, down 9.6% year-over-year and down 3.8% on an organic basis. Currency translation reduced sales by 5.8%. For the CP&S product businesses, the organic sales decline was about 1%. Solutions and services sales were down about 6% organically. The book-to-bill in Q1 for solutions and services was 1.13. CP&S continued to deliver very good operating margin at 15.3% in Q1, up 80 basis points year-over-year despite the decline in sales, another good productivity quarter. Page 7 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows the year-over-year organic growth results for the quarter. The overall organic sales decline in Q1 was driven primarily by the U.S. and Asia Pacific. The U.S. was down 6%, which was actually a little better than we expected. We saw declines in most verticals, and oil and gas was worse than expected, as Keith mentioned. Canada was down 8%. We saw reasonable growth in the quarter in the transportation and food and beverage, but not enough to make up for continued declines in heavy industry, led by mining and oil and gas.  EMEA saw 6% organic growth in Q1. Results across countries were mixed, but with higher rates of growth in the emerging markets. That said, we did experience low single-digit growth in the mature countries of EMEA and market conditions there seem to be modestly improving. Asia Pacific was down 11% year-over-year with China down about the same. We saw declines in most countries across the region. India was an exception with growth in the low double digits. Latin America grew 8% led by Mexico. The growth in Mexico was pretty broad across verticals. Overall for emerging markets, organic growth was about 3% with Latin America and the EMEA region offsetting declines in Asia Pacific. That takes us to the guidance slide. As Keith mentioned, we’re making some changes to guidance. We’re dropping reported sales across the range by 2%, approximately one point to reflect a more significant headwind from currency and an additional one point reduction to reflect a more cautious outlook for organic growth, particularly in the second half of the fiscal year. The lower organic growth assumption is due to three factors. Since we last provided guidance, macro indicators related to the industrial economy globally have continued to soften. This is especially true of industrial production growth rates and projections. Generally PMI is weaker, and particularly in the U.S. PMI was solidly below 50 for November and December. In addition, oil prices have continued to decline. We now expect our oil and gas business will decline at a higher rate for the full year and likely weighted more toward our U.S. business. In the key emerging markets, particularly China and Brazil, we’re not seeing any evidence of or catalyst for meaningful improvement in the near term. Our previous guidance called for reported sales of approximately $6 billion at the midpoint. Our revised guidance has reported sales a little under $5.9 billion. Prior guidance called for an organic sales decline of 4% at the low end to flat at the high end. The new range is a decline of 5% to a decline of 1%. Our previous margin guidance was about 21%. The new guidance is about 20.5%, that reflects the additional currency impact that’s converting at a higher than normal rate - we talked about that last quarter, and we now see more risk to our product business growth rates and to our business in the U.S. both on average higher margin parts of our business.  We previously expected margin conversion on a year-over-year sales decline of about 30%. Based on the changes I just mentioned, we now expect that to be about 35%. Previously we expected a full-year adjusted tax rate of 27%. We now expect that to be 25%, reflecting the benefit of the R&D tax credit that I mentioned.  We’re revising adjusted EPS guidance from the previous range of $5.90 to $6.40, to a new range of $5.70 to $6.20. You can think of the change in EPS guidance as about a $0.14 improvement due to tax rate, about a $0.16 decline due to the additional currency headwind, and about an $0.18 decline that is a combination of lower organic sales and a lower margin expectation. We continue to expect to convert about 100% of net income to free cash flow. A couple of other items - we now expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $75 million for the full year, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be closer to 131 million for the full year.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Patrick for Q&A.
Patrick Goris: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let’s take our first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Scott Davis from Barclays. Please proceed.
Scott Davis: Good morning guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: I’ve probably asked this question on three of the last four calls, but do you have a sense in China of what the overall market growth is and whether you’re outperforming that or not? I mean, down 11 seems like a pretty big number, and I know the industrial economy over there isn’t so great, but that seems like a little outsized versus what some of your peers are putting up.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we do not have great market data for China, but I would say that at this point, we do not believe we’re underperforming the underlying market. We just believe that some of the impacts, particularly in the heavy industries, continue to reduce capital spending in many of those areas - obviously metals, cement, mining. All of those are very challenging at this point in time, and we have seen growth in many of our OEM sectors other than tire. Tire has been a major downturn this last quarter and last--probably almost up to a year now, but the other OEM sectors are able to grow, and we’re seeing growth in mainly the consumer and automotive OEMs. Unfortunately, those are still the smaller pieces of our business, so I think challenging in the broadest sense but we continue to see new opportunities and continue to believe that China will be a very important growth market for us in the future.  I was just there a little over a week ago, and I’m very encouraged with the outlook that the country has with what they’re doing to drive towards their strategy of China Manufacturing 2025. That’s their 10-year vision, but behind that is a 30-year vision as to where they’re going to improve the competitiveness of their manufacturing sector now that their costs are increasing. We believe the connected enterprise is absolutely the way that they will be able to start the journey for that 2025 vision that they have for their manufacturing sector. So we’re encouraged in the long term, and I think right now we’re just seeing a period of time where they’re rebalancing some of their spending, some of their investments, and as we know from the previous five-year plan, that they are trying to drive towards a more consumption economy. I think that once again plays very strongly into these sectors that I said were performing better for us this past quarter. 
Scott Davis: That makes sense, so it’s a mix issue. Keith, I’m just curious on your view on this economy. You’ve seen cycles. You did a--you did an excellent job in 2001, 2002. You were known at the cost-cutting guy back in that time period and did a great job of getting asset base down to a realistic size and such. What do you see--I mean, you could make an argument that this guidance cut is going to be the first of many, or you could make an argument that you’re being realistic to a modest industrial recession. What do you see--I’m just curious in your opinion on what you see on the endgame of if this gets substantially worse, and are you concerned about the weakness in the industrial economy moving into the more consumer-based stuff, which of course is where you guys had a lot of exposure. So it’s a bit of an open-ended question, but--.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, very open-ended, but let me try to comment a little bit. My first comment would be, I’m not an economist, so I think I can predict the economy about as good as we can forecast our future performance, given our short cycle business, which is really the point I wanted to make. We believe that given everything we’ve seen, that while the industrial economy is struggling, the consumer is still spending. I just saw a report that consumer confidence has gone up again, so we’re not seeing this as a consumer-led recession at this point in time. We do believe that the industrial economy with the latest industrial production measures, particularly in the U.S, is definitely weakened since our last quarter, and that was what was behind our change in our guidance. But right now, the expectation is that we will not see a recession. Obviously you know that our visibility is limited in two-thirds of our business, but when we look at the macroeconomic indicators, it’s not point to that at this point in time, so that’s how we structured our business going forward. Certainly given what happened over the last quarter from the outlook standpoint, we are definitely looking at what do we need to be ready for in case this view changes over the remainder of our fiscal year.
Scott Davis: Okay, good answer. Thanks guys and good luck.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning. 
Keith Nosbusch: Morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: Keith, a ton of debate right now on auto. I know you guys have tremendous insight and a pipe into what’s going on there, it seems like. You said consumer and auto was stable. Can you maybe disaggregate that and tell us what auto was, and just walk through what you’re seeing by region, and then what your customers are telling you about their future needs on capacity?
Keith Nosbusch: Mm-hmm. Well, with auto, if we want to walk through the regions, the U.S. auto continues to be solid. We think the programs that we’ve seen in the pipeline, there has been no change to those programs over the last quarter, and we see that as one of the stronger verticals as we go throughout the remainder of the year.  If we go to Asia, in particular China, while the China sales have been slowing and in some cases slightly negative, depending upon the auto company, we’re still seeing investment in China automotive. We see once again the need to continue to automate to take costs out of their operations, and auto is one of the places that we’ll see that. We’re also seeing a lot of interest in what we can do with respect to our operational intelligence software to help them improve the asset utilization and efficiencies and effectiveness of their manufacturing plant floor. So there, we think it’s great. As you know, Mexico has seen a lot of investment in automotive. I would say the difficult areas for automotive, Brazil, is struggling now given the economy, and we’re not seeing significant investments in Western Europe at this point in time either. So that’s how I would characterize the automotive market on a global basis. Canada, a little more investment quite frankly, and I think a lot of that is the change of the dollar and the currency has improved Canada’s competitiveness in automotive. There’s a little more activity there than previously.
Steve Tusa: Okay, and then lastly I guess, just on the competitive dynamics out there, anything you’re seeing from your European competitors that’s at all--you know, any pockets of greater competitive behavior and a more aggressive push for installed base, where that type of business comes into play? I know your business is pretty insulated when it comes to the upgrading of installed base and things like that, but anything that you’re seeing out there from European guys that concerns you competitively?
Keith Nosbusch: I don’t think that concerns us. I think in certain countries in certain areas, I think a little more competitiveness, given particularly the drop in the heavy industry, we’re seeing a few projects that are now being released or being processed, that there is a little more competitiveness on those projects and on that activity than we’ve seen in particular when oil and gas was booming. It was a very capital expenditure pocket, and now that we’re seeing that reduced, some of the competitiveness has moved into other spaces where historically they probably wouldn’t have participated.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
John Inch: Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone. 
Keith Nosbusch: Morning John.
John Inch: Morning. Hey, I want to also pick up on the auto somatic. It’s obviously--there’s this widespread, fast money view that anything auto is about to fall off a cliff. Could you just remind us, Keith and Ted, how big is auto for you, and what does your penetration opportunity look like over the next couple of years for the power train side, particularly in Asia and then North America? I mean, at the end of the day I realize you can’t forecast this precisely, but it’s obvious there’s going to be a little bit of an auto correct. I think even Parker yesterday talked about in-plant capex slowing a little bit, but do you think based on as you’ve been building this pipeline up with power train, that there’s enough to kind of offset that? Maybe you could just sort of frame what you think a scenario might look like.  So just remind us what your exposure is, and then just talk to kind of the scenario if in fact auto softens, which probably is likely to occur. 
Keith Nosbusch: Well, our exposure currently is around 10%, and that’s been the number that we’ve had for probably the last couple of years now as we’ve grown in some of these other verticals, so 10%. We believe that when you look at the price of gas, you’re seeing continued growth in auto spending, in particular the vehicles that they make a lot of money in. So that bodes well for continued investment and continued modernization of their platforms, so we aren’t anticipating a significant change in the automotive outlook, particularly in the U.S. With respect to penetration, we believe, as we’ve talked a couple of times, our best opportunities for increased penetration is in power train, and we think that’s an area where there will be continued investment because of the need to continue to achieve the fuel guidelines that are being mandated now over the coming five-plus years. So most of the investment and improvements are going to have come in engines and transmissions, so we see a healthy pipeline of power train, and we believe that has the opportunity to add $20 million to $30 million of incremental revenue to our automotive business going forward.
John Inch: But in fairness, you are actually a little more profitable than 10%, right Keith? You’re probably not 20, but you’re more profitable. Auto is one of your richer mix businesses, is that not a fair statement?
Keith Nosbusch: That is a fair statement, and I would lump all of the consumer in that, consumer in auto simply because they’re more A&S-centric businesses. They have a much higher control concentration and architecture concentration than the heavy industries, because the heavy industries have a lot of solutions built by Rockwell, and they have a lot of intelligent motor control, which is the heavy asset, critical assets are a bigger part of the expenditure in those industries. So it’s a mix more than anything else, and our software and our automation is the predominant purchase of the consumer, including automotive companies. So yes, but it’s because of the way automation and the intensiveness of automation in those industries.
John Inch: Okay, so that’s a good segue into my second question or follow-up. The follow-up is basically if you--I think from a high level, if you look at Rockwell, A&S margins which were obviously very high before, right, are coming under some pressure. This is against a backdrop where, Keith, you just mentioned the word mix. We’re obviously against a backdrop with very tough markets globally, where pricing is increasingly becoming a factor. Now, I know that Rockwell in the past, you don’t really compete on price - it’s not the nature of discrete automation, but could you talk to the mix context for A&S, because you may not be seeing price but maybe you’re seeing people swap into lower priced or margin solutions. The question is obviously just from a high level, what are the risks that A&S margins go from where it was to materially lower in the coming quarters, even if your sales are still relatively resilient?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, to your point, I think it is all about mix in our A&S segment. Our highest margin business is the controller and software business, and we talked about the controller decline, but we still have very solid margins in our motion business, our safety business, our sensor business, and so I think the overall impact to A&S margins will not be substantial as we go forward. I think that is not a critical issue. I think the bigger issue for A&S is going to be volume and then the exchange rates. Those are the two more compelling concerns that we would have at this time, as opposed to overall mix in the segment. Certainly with the high margins throughout that segment, volume declines are very impactful, and you saw some degree this quarter the impact of FX changes that come about as well, particularly in some of the currencies that are, I’ll say, different than just a traditional euro-U.S. dollar or Canadian-U.S. dollar, which is the ones that we have a greater concentration in.
Ted Crandall: Hey John, the one mix impact we may see in A&S this year that’s a little negative is with process now being down more than we expected and oil and gas down more than we expected, and probably consumer and auto a little bit better, particularly consumer, we think we’re going to see a less rich mix of control logics made up for with a little more compact logics and motion control, particularly on the consumer side. That will create a little bit of mix headwind, but compared to the volume issues in A&S and the currency, that’s not a big number.
John Inch: Right, there’s no cliff function that you’re anticipating.
Ted Crandall: No.
John Inch: Got it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan from UBS. Please proceed. 
Shannon O’Callaghan: Morning guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning Shannon.
Shannon O’Callaghan: On CP&S, it seems like that should just be under all kinds of pressure, which apparently it is with all the oil and gas that’s in that segment, the solutions book-to-bill was 1.13 and you’ve got up margins, even on the down revenues. Can you just give us a little better sense on the outlook for that piece of the business, because the book-to-bill looks good but I imagine it shouldn’t be too encouraging given what’s really going on in that segment. Can you continue to drive up margins on down revenues?
Ted Crandall: Yes, so let me start with book-to-bill. The 1.13 is about what we were expecting. I think you’ve got to recognize it’s 1.13 on a lower sales number, obviously, but we would expect to be above 1 in the first quarter of the year, and we got that, so that’s keeping us reasonably on track now as we enter the next two quarters.  On the margin side, we had great margin performance in CP&S all through last year. We talked a lot about productivity last year, and that was kind of disproportionately on the CP&S side and we’re continuing to see some of that year-over-year benefit in Q1. I think the other thing that influences this is I mentioned that architecture and software is the segment that bears the largest burden of the currency conversion problem that we’ve got, and CP&S doesn’t really face a lot of that because of their more balanced supply chain, particularly because of the solutions and services business where we have the people resources deployed all over the world, so we get a better match across currencies. 
Keith Nosbusch: I would add in answer to your question of being able to continue to do this, is no. There is only so far we can take this, and our key now is get back to growth in our solutions and services business. Obviously as we have talked before, we had done a lot of work in improving the competitiveness and the cost structure of our engineering resources, and to Ted’s point, we’ve globalized that, we’ve created a much more standard approach to the application and the engineering tools that we’ve used, and we’ve focused very much on the applications that are most important to us and where we’re most competitive and have the ability to serve the market best.  So we’ve tried to be able to take a much better approach to that overall business, and I think you’re seeing the results of that. It started last year and it’s continuing into this year, but at the end of the day we do need to make sure we’re driving growth for the long term success and the long term protection of what we’ve done over the last couple of years.
Ted Crandall: Shannon, the other thing I would add is in the quarter, we were up about 80 basis points. You asked about can we continue to deliver improvement. Keith’s answer was no, but I want to make sure I don’t leave the wrong impression - for the full year at the current sales levels, we don’t see margin deterioration in CP&S either. 
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, that’s helpful. Then just on this broad-based U.S. weakness, how broad-based is it? We know oil and gas is down, I think you said over 30%. Can you just kind of give a little color on the ranking of the other verticals, and is everything feeling bad? It sounds like auto is still okay in the U.S. Maybe just a little bit of color by vertical specific to the U.S.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I think while it’s a small vertical, it’s a somewhat meaningful one in the U.S., and that would be pulp and paper is probably the best vertical for us in this quarter. I think we’ve had some success in the chemical arena, but that is still a small percentage for us. At about the average, as we mentioned, was auto and food and beverage, and certainly home and personal care, and then at the negative side would be the metals, wastewater, and a little bit in some of the heavy industry--not heavy industry, but the life sciences sector this quarter. But obviously the biggest negative was oil and gas, and that’s what triggered the vast majority of the decline from a vertical standpoint. The others compared to that were all much better performing across the board, but obviously the reduction in IP has impacted more than just oil and gas.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Shannon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Eastman from Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Keith or Ted, given last year’s performance on the oil and gas side, could you just size that business in dollars at this point?
Ted Crandall: So roughly $700 million a year, that’s pretty close.
Richard Eastman: Yes okay, that’s fine. Then the expectation for this year on the back of this first quarter, but what is the expectation for this year in terms of that base in oil and gas? Is it down 20, or--?
Ted Crandall: Yes, so originally in November we were thinking down 10. We’re now thinking it’ll be down closer to 20.
Richard Eastman: Okay. In the guide when you dropped the organic growth by essentially a point or two, it looks like about half of that is FX; but the balance of that equates to maybe 70, $75 million. Is that largely the oil and gas outlook that you’re adjusting that?
Ted Crandall: Yes, so just to correct a little bit, we dropped top line sales by 2%, one point for currency and one point organic. Most of the organic--I mean, there are some puts and takes across verticals, but I would say you could think of most of that organic decline as related to oil and gas.
Richard Eastman: Okay, fair enough. Then just last, Ted, typically in the fiscal second quarter, expenses step up. I think you give your annual comp expense increase there, also some of your investments. Should we expect that same dynamic on the expense line here for this fiscal year?
Ted Crandall: Yes. Every year we do across the globe our merit increases in January, so there is a step-up, ballpark think of it as about $0.05. There’s a step-up in cost from Q1 to Q2 sequentially.
Richard Eastman: Okay, all right. Very good. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to dig into the organic cadence to the year. You’re looking for a midpoint base case of down 3, and you did down 3.3 in 1Q. You’ve said--I think Ted, you mentioned, or maybe it was Keith, that second half of the year you’re no longer expecting growth, but if we assume that easy comps get you to maybe a fattish result in the second half of the year, it implies that 2Q might be worse than 1Q. Is that how you’re thinking about it?
Ted Crandall: Yes, Nigel, it is, and then you know we don’t give quarterly guidance, but we think Q2 is probably similar or maybe a little worse than Q1, and things get a little bit better in the second half.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Siemens called out some channel de-stock in China, which I’m assuming given that down 11 in China, you’re seeing as well. Are you seeing--you mentioned in November you’re not seeing channel de-stock, but are you starting to see that now in the U.S.?
Ted Crandall: No, we don’t have the same--I would say two things. In China [audio interference] but on the other hand our Chinese distributors don’t carry all that much inventory, so we don’t think the results we’re seeing in China are about de-stocking. In North America, we have very good visibility of our distributor inventories, and they’ve remained pretty stable.
Keith Nosbusch: I would only add, in China we have a different--well, around the world we have a different channel model than our competitor, so there is different dynamics going on there that may be part of the reason for that difference in the way we see our channel performance versus the way some others might.
Nigel Coe: Sure, I understand. Then just quickly on the products, it seems that the CPS products business has performed better than the A&S product, and that sort of fits in with my channel de-stock question, so I’m just curious - is that true, and would you expect that to continue?
Ted Crandall: I think there’s just some normal variability quarter to quarter around the performance of A&S versus CP&S. I don’t think there will be for the full year a significant difference at this point, and I’m not sure I understand the part of it related to channel de-stock.
Nigel Coe: Just that I would expect channel de-stock to impact A&S more than CPS, given CPS is a bit longer cycle in nature, but I can follow up offline. Thanks guys.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, just on the product side, if there was channel stocking or de-stocking, it would pretty much affect the A&S and CP&S product businesses about equally.
Nigel Coe: I see. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Kwas, Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Ronnie Upskill: Hi, this is Ronnie Upskill [ph] on for Rich Kwas. Just wanted some clarification. Has there been any change to the $20 million restructuring target for oil and gas?
Ted Crandall: I would say there’s no change to having $20 million available for restructuring. We always have about $10 million in what we would think of as pay-as-you-go, and last quarter we talked about having an additional $10 million in case we needed some restructuring. I don’t think we ever talked about that as specific to oil and gas.
Ronnie Upskill: Okay, sorry. Then on the MRO front, or mix front related to new projects, are you seeing anything incremental there?
Keith Nosbusch: I didn’t catch the first part of the question.
Ronnie Upskill: Are you seeing anything mix-related on MRO or anything else that could be keeping margins higher than expected, at least on our end?
Ted Crandall: I think on the--generally, but particularly on the additional one point of organic growth that we’re dropping out, that extra $60 million, we think that is weighted toward our U.S. business and weighted more toward our product businesses. So in the U.S. is our largest installed base, that’s where we have the most MRO business, so there is some unfavorable margin impact in a relative sense of having that coming out of the U.S. and coming out of product business.
Keith Nosbusch: And that’s correlated with the significant reduction in IP in the U.S. that recently came out, so that slowdown will impact the MRO business, as Ted outlined.
Ted Crandall: And that’s reflected in our guidance change.
Ronnie Upskill: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremie Capron, CLSA. Please proceed.
Jeremie Capron: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. 
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning Jeremie.
Jeremie Capron: I want to stay on the discussion around cost. Could you tell us a little bit more about where you’re taking cost actions? I see you’ve lowered the corporate expense guide for the year by about $5 million, but more generally speaking I know you’ve talked about being positioned or being more--having more flexibility on the cost side of the equation this time around relative to the previous cycle. So tell us about where you’re talking cost actions and how you see cost unfold through the year.
Ted Crandall: Jeremie, I think you will remember in Q4, we took about, I think it was $12 million of restructuring charges so that we could start to get ahead of getting cost out, recognizing that fiscal ’16 was likely to be a more difficult year. At the current time, and including the revised guidance, we’re implementing what I would call sensible expense controls that are consistent with the revised guidance and given a slow and uncertain economic environment, but we are not calling this the beginning of a recession. We expect business levels to remain reasonably stable from this point out into the balance of the year, and consequently we’re not planning additional major restructuring actions at this time. If things get worse, we may have to go there, but we think our cost base is reasonably well structured at the current guidance sales levels.
Jeremie Capron: Okay, thanks for that. Mexico, I know we’ve talked about it for several quarters now, but you’re talking about broad-based strength, including oil and gas. What sort of visibility do you have in Mexico? Are we talking about strength for the next year or so, or is that much more near term strength that you are expecting there?
Keith Nosbusch: Our visibility in Mexico, given that a portion of this is our solutions and services business, we think our outlook at this point is for the remainder of the fiscal year and feel that the economy there at this point continues to grow, and more importantly our ability to support our customers and the demands continue to improve as well, in particular our channel partners are very strong. It’s probably the strongest distributor network that we have in an emerging market, so we feel very good about the capabilities there.
Jeremie Capron: Thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch: You’re welcome, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Winoker from Bernstein. Please proceed.
Steven Winoker: Thanks, and good morning guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Morning.
Steven Winoker: Hey Ted, sorry to push a little bit on this, but you say you’re not calling for a recession right now. I guess with your second quarter of organic decline and forecasting what now is at least the next, maybe one, two or three, so now we’re looking at a good year of declines, what do you need to see inside the business to call it a recession, and does that really matter anyway in terms of what you call it relative to expense declines? Is it more just that you say, look - we have R&D programs where we want to have them, we’re willing to hold out for a year because we’re going to have another share gain opportunity on the back of this, like we did before. How should we think about it from an investor standpoint relative to the negative growth that we’re looking at?
Ted Crandall: I think you captured a lot of what I would have said in my answer to where you started. I think basically what I’m trying to say is, look - given an expectation that sales are going to be one point lower now than we previously thought, and given that we had already implemented restructuring actions in Q4, we will take some steps now to sensibly control expense, and I expect our full-year spending now is going to be a little bit lower than we previously talked about. But we don’t see the need, based on that one point reduction in organic growth, to take major restructuring actions.
Keith Nosbusch: I think the point you also made in your question is relevant as well, and that is we do see the opportunities to come out of this stronger, and certainly as an intellectual capital business, it is about people and we think we have some great investment opportunities that we discussed during the investor day at Automation Fair. We think those are important to continue to keep that investment level, given that we feel we’re in a stable economic environment, to Ted’s point. So we do want to keep that in place, and our goal is to come out stronger and gain share just like we did in the previous recoveries.  So I would say that’s the other piece of the equation, and that’s the balance that we constantly evaluate and make trade-offs and ultimate decisions on.
Ted Crandall: Given the uncertainty right now, it wouldn’t be prudent not to have contingency plans, but we’ll go there if we need to but we don’t think that’s necessary at this time.
Steven Winoker: Keith, just on this whole question of growth, we often talk about the secular versus cyclical dynamics. It’s really hard sometimes on the outside to figure out whether those secular growth dynamics are buffering what would otherwise be a much worse cycle on the growth. Are you seeing evidence that says, hey, our secular growth dynamics are still in place, we still feel confident about these?
Keith Nosbusch: Absolutely. We see that based upon the conversations we have with customers. There is no question, and these are global discussions, customers understand that they need to continue to drive productivity and sustainability and their competitiveness [audio interference] just on my recent trips to Europe and to Asia. So I think the secular story is absolutely in play - if anything, I believe it’s stronger today than a couple of years ago when we started on this journey. So it’s real in this area. It moves a little bit around that trend, based upon the current economic environment, but I think the underlying secular trend here is in play. It will continue to become even more important as time unfolds, so that’s why we have such a positive outlook for the long term, and that’s part of the reason why we need to keep investing during this period, because we do see the demand for what we’re doing as something that is not going to disappear from a cyclical standpoint.
Steven Winoker: Okay, and just one clarification quickly on the quarter. Last guidance, I think you guys had talked about kind of down mid-single digit expectations for the quarter. Even though it was down 3, it was better. What again was better than what you had previously thought might happen?
Ted Crandall: So I would say one of the places we were better than we thought was the U.S., and in the U.S. it was primarily around our product business. Some of that was about backlog reduction at the end of the quarter. The underlying orders were down about what we expected in the U.S. but shipments were a bit better.
Steven Winoker: Okay, thanks.
Patrick Goris: Operator, we’ll take one more question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Andrew Obin: Hey guys, good morning. 
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a follow-up question on the FX impact, and you were sort of talking about CP&S having a global supply chain. As I look at my notes, Monterey is the biggest manufacturing facility you have in the world, I think by far. My notes say something like 20% of your manufacturing capacity globally is there. The Mexican peso is down 20%, I think, in the past year. How does it impact your profitability? How do you book the transaction effect in your P&L from that facility? 
Ted Crandall: Andrew, I may have to defer this one to some time you can spend on the phone with Patrick, but basically I would say we hedge our peso exposure, so that helps offset some of the decline in the Mexican peso. Also, part of our manufacturing activity in Mexico is U.S. dollar-based, so we don’t really have an exposure on it.
Andrew Obin: Got you, okay. We can take it offline. In Europe, can you just provide more color, what you’re seeing in Europe, northern Europe versus southern Europe? Any particular trends that you’re seeing, because you highlighted it’s a better market for you.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the biggest increase last quarter was in emerging Europe, and that would be the Middle East and Eastern Europe. But within Western Europe, the strength came more from Italy and the southern Europe - Italy and France, as opposed to the northern. Northern had been where the strength was previously. We’re now seeing it move a little bit to some of the other countries in the south that were not as fortunate earlier in the period. So that’s how Europe played out.
Andrew Obin: Terrific, thank you very much.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Okay, that concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc. Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2015 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and full year. Keith will also provide context around our outlook for fiscal 2016. Then Ted will provide more details on the results as well as our fiscal 2016 sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always, we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call to take about one hour today. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page three in the slide there. Both sales and earnings came in below our expectations in the quarter. Organic sales declined a little over 2%. As we progressed through the quarter, conditions softened. And September was especially weak, particularly in the U.S. product businesses. We expected the U.S. to be up low single digits, and organic sales instead declined almost 3%. Remember that we have limited visibility in our product businesses, and September typically is the strongest month of the year. The shortfall in the U.S. was broad-based across verticals but particularly in oil and gas. China was the other weak spot. Sales in China were flat compared to the third quarter, but came in a bit lower than expected. For the company, currency was an even larger headwind than we expected, reducing sales by 8% year over year. Overall, lower operating margin and lower sales led to the decline in adjusted EPS. Ted will elaborate more on Q4 financial performance, including the restructuring charges, in his remarks. Obviously, the fourth quarter was a challenging end to the year, but I believe we executed well during 2015 in difficult market conditions. Here are some full-year highlights. We delivered modest organic growth despite significant headwinds from heavy industry end markets, including oil and gas. Process was down a bit in the quarter and flat for the year. We feel pretty good about those results given what other process players are reporting. Logix was up 4% for the year. That is about one point above Architecture & Software growth. For the quarter, Logix was flat. Segment margin improved 120 basis points due to excellent execution, including particularly strong productivity in the Control Products & Solutions segment. EPS grew 4% in spite of 5% lower sales. And free cash flow conversion was excellent, resulting in record free cash flow of about $1.1 billion. Return on invested capital of almost 33% was also a fiscal year record. We continued to return cash to shareholders, over $950 million during fiscal 2015. This was a 19% increase compared to fiscal 2014. And today we announced a 12% dividend increase, the seventh consecutive double-digit increase since the beginning of 2010. These were good results in a difficult environment. I would like to thank our employees, partners, and suppliers for their continued commitment to serve our customers. Their dedication is key to our success. Let's move on to the market conditions and economic indicators and what we expect to see in our business in fiscal 2016. We are experiencing weak market conditions as we enter the fiscal year. Heavy industry end markets, including oil and gas, have not stabilized, and we see continued softness in key emerging markets. Growth in automotive and consumer verticals globally will be insufficient to offset these headwinds. In the U.S., the strong dollar is also affecting producers and equipment builders, and the broad-based slowing we experienced in September has persisted in October. We therefore expect a particularly weak start to the fiscal year. Current forecasts, however, call for continued global GDP and industrial production growth in 2016. And for the U.S., industrial production is expected to pick up after an anemic first half. That is why we are projecting gradual improvement, including year-over-year growth later in the year. Taking all these factors into consideration, we are expecting fiscal 2016 organic sales to be flat to down 4% year over year. Including the impact of currency, we are initiating fiscal 2016 sales guidance of about $6 billion and adjusted EPS guidance of $5.90 to $6.40. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Before I turn it over, I would like to remind you that we will be holding our main customer event, Automation Fair, next week in Chicago. As in prior years, we expect to welcome thousands of customers and partners from all over the world. We will showcase our latest technology and that of our partners. Attendees will take part in forums, technical sessions, and hands-on labs and network with peers to learn how to bring their connected enterprise to life, optimizing their business performance, and driving their competitive advantage. I am particularly excited about this year's event. We are on track to have record attendance. And in fiscal 2015 and 2016, we will have launched an unprecedented number of new products, including our next-generation high-performance integrated control and information architecture. With this new offering, we will help our customers realize a step function change in productivity and global competitiveness. In short, we are enabling our customers to achieve their connected enterprise. Our innovation engine is really humming. In closing, the prospects for Rockwell Automation continue to be very attractive. Even in the challenging market conditions we currently have, producers and equipment builders still need to have our technology and expertise as we help them achieve their business objectives. The long-term secular drivers for industrial automation and information remain intact. And we will continue to enhance our competitive differentiation in order to expand the value we provide our customers and gain market share. With that, here's Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to start on page four, the fourth quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.608 billion. That's down 9.8% compared to Q4 last year. This was the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 with an organic sales decline and coupled with the largest negative impact from currency of any quarter this year. On an organic basis, sales declined 2.3%. We were expecting organic sales growth of about 1%. As Keith mentioned, that shortfall was driven primarily by lower sales in our product businesses and especially in the U.S. market. Currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 7.6%. That was a full point more than we expected at the beginning of the quarter. Segment operating margin was 20.9%, down 1.3 points from Q4 last year. The lower margin year over year is primarily due to lower organic sales, unfavorable currency conversion, and $12 million of restructuring charges that we took in the quarter. We took the restructuring charges to get our cost structure more aligned to the outlook for fiscal year 2016 and to create some headroom to reallocate spending to our most important priorities in what we expect to be a difficult market environment. General corporate net expense was $20 million in Q4 compared to $22 million a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.57. We missed the midpoint of our guidance by $0.23. Unfavorable currency effects and higher restructuring charges accounted for half of that miss. Of course, lower organic sales also contributed to the miss. Adjusted EPS was down from $1.86 last year, primarily due to lower sales and margin, partly offset by lower share count. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 134.3 million, down 3% from Q4 last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 28.2%. That compares to 27% in the fourth quarter last year. Free cash flow for Q4 was very strong at $309 million. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares at a cost of $196 million. For the full year, we repurchased a total of 5.4 million shares at a cost of $606 million. That's almost 30% more than the $470 million in repurchases that we projected at the beginning of the year, and related to our strong cash flow performance. The rolling four-quarter return on invested capital was 32.6%. Turning to page five, this is the full-year version of the key financial information. Sales were $6.308 billion for the full year, down 4.8%. Organic growth was 1.1%. Currency translation reduced sales by 6%. Segment operating margin for the full year was 21.6%. That's up 120 basis points from last year. The primary causative factors were the contribution from organic growth and strong productivity, which were partly offset by higher spending and unfavorable currency effects. Adjusted EPS was $6.40. That's up 3.7% compared to last year despite the decline in reported sales. Free cash flow for the full year was $1.077 billion, which was 124% of adjusted income. The strong conversion was driven by very good working capital management through the year. The next two slides present a graphical view of the sales and operating margin performance of each segment. I'll start with the Architecture & Software segment on page six. On the left side of the chart, you'll see that Architecture & Software segment sales were $684 million in Q4. That's down 8.5% from the same quarter last year. The organic sales decline was 0.4%, and currency translation reduced sales by 8.1%. Moving to the right side of the chart, in the fourth quarter, on the 8.5% decline in reported sales, Architecture & Software margins dropped by 3.8 points to 27.3%. A little less than half of the drop in operating margin is due to a higher than normal unfavorable currency conversion in the quarter. The balance is due to increased spending and the segment's share of the restructuring charges that I mentioned previously. As we expected, spending was up significantly in the quarter in this segment both sequentially and year over year, and largely related to the timing of R&D project costs. The Q4 spending level in A&S is not indicative of an ongoing run rate. For the full year, A&S sales were down 3.4% as reported, with 3.1% organic growth. Segment operating margin for the full year was 29.4%, essentially flat compared to fiscal year 2014, with about one point headwind due to unfavorable currency effects. On page seven, a similar view for the Control Products & Solutions segment; in the fourth quarter, Control Products & Solutions segment sales declined by 10.7% year over year, with an organic sales decline of 3.6%. Currency translation reduced sales in this segment by 7.2%. The organic sales decline for product businesses in the segment was about 3%, and for solutions and services about 4%. The book-to-bill in Q4 for solutions and services was 0.83. That's about the same book-to-bill as Q4 last year. CP&S has delivered very good operating margin performance this year, and that continued in the fourth quarter. Operating margin was 16.2%, up 40 basis points compared to last year. For the full year, CP&S sales were $3.558 billion, down 5.8% year over year and down 0.4% on an organic basis. On an organic basis, product sales in the segment were up about 3% for the full year, and solutions and services sales declined by about 2%. CP&S segment operating margin for the full year was 15.5%, an increase of 190 basis points compared to 2014. This was a great result despite an almost 6% drop in reported sales and largely attributable to very strong productivity performance in the year. Page eight provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter and the full year. My comments will all refer to organic growth rates. As Keith mentioned, the U.S. was the biggest negative surprise in the quarter. Sales in the U.S. declined almost 3% compared to Q4 last year. Product sales declined about 4% year over year. Sales in the U.S. were flat sequentially. We expected sequential growth of 7%, which would have been more in line with historical norms. Sales to customers in oil and gas in the U.S. were down year over year almost 30% in the fourth quarter and sequentially about 15%. We expected a sequential decline, but not quite this large. In the balance of the world, oil and gas sales were pretty much as we expected in the quarter. There appears to be a general slowdown in U.S. industrial customer spending, both capital and operating spending. And what we experienced in the U.S. market in Q4 seems to be consistent with what we have seen reported by other automation-related and electrical suppliers, including some of the major distribution companies. Demand slowed through the quarter, as Keith mentioned, and September was especially weak, down about 10% compared to September last year. Demand levels in October and early November were down about the same amount. And consequently, we expect a very weak first quarter for sales in the U.S. For the full year, U.S. sales were up about 1%, with automotive as the best performing vertical. Canada sales in Q4 were down just under 10%, but pretty much in line with our expectations for the quarter. For the full year, Canada was down 5%. Resource-based industries continue to be a drag on our Canadian business. EMEA was up almost 4% organically in the quarter and up a little over 2% for the full year, with consumer-related industries as the best performing. The emerging countries of EMEA generated the higher growth rates in 2015, but mature Europe was up 1% for the full year. At the beginning of last year, we didn't expect that EMEA would exceed the U.S. growth result. In Asia-Pacific, sales were down 10% year over year in Q4. India experienced modest growth in the quarter, but China was down high teens percent year over year. China was flat sequentially, but we expected to see some growth. For the full year, Asia-Pacific was down about 1%, with China down mid-single digit and low double-digit growth in India. Latin America had another solid quarter at 5% growth, with strong growth in Mexico more than offsetting a decline in the balance of the region. For the full year, Latin America was up 9%, with Mexico growing in the high teens and Brazil about flat year over year. Organic growth in emerging markets for the full year was 4%, led by Latin America and despite the decline in China, which is our largest emerging country. And that takes us to the fiscal 2016 guidance slide. Based on demand levels as we exited September and that have continued through October and early November as well as our current backlogs in solutions and services businesses, we expect a very weak start to the year. We expect organic sales in Q1 to be down mid-single digit year over year, driven by the U.S. being down high single digit. With that starting point, even with projected IP [Industrial Production] growth next year, we don't expect sufficient sequential growth in the balance of 2016 to get us to a positive organic growth result for the year. At current exchange rates, we expect a headwind from currency in Q1 similar to Q4. So on a reported basis, Q1 sales could be down over 10% year over year. For the full year, we expect currency to reduce sales by 300 basis points. Our projection for translation impact assumes recent exchange rates. For example, we're assuming an average euro rate of $1.09. We expect fiscal 2016 sales to be approximately $6 billion. Organically, we expect sales to be down next year about 2% at the midpoint, with a range of minus 4% to flat for fiscal year 2015. By region, on an organic basis, we expect U.S. and Asia-Pacific to decline a couple points more than the company average, and we expect to see growth in EMEA and Latin America. We think results will be relatively balanced across our products and solutions and services businesses, with product businesses declining at a little greater rate than solutions and services businesses in 2016. We expect segment operating margin to be a little above 21%. That would be less than a 0.5 point decrease compared to 2015, with conversion margin of about 30% on the sales decline. We expect the full-year tax rate to be about 27%, equal to fiscal year 2015. Our guidance for adjusted EPS is $5.90 to $6.40. At the midpoint of guidance, that represents a 4% reduction in adjusted EPS on 5% lower sales. Q1 will be our most difficult year-over-year earnings comparison. We expect free cash flow conversion on adjusted income of about 100%. A couple of other items not shown here, general corporate net expense should be approximately $80 million in 2016. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 132 million for the full year. We intend to continue to return excess free cash flow to investors. Keith already talked about today's dividend increase. The amount we spend on share repurchases in 2016 will depend on free cash flow and acquisition spending. But at this point, we expect to spend about $500 million on repurchases for the full fiscal year. The next page includes an EPS walk from fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2016. As you can see, currency is expected to be a significant headwind in 2016. As the benefit of currency hedges becomes smaller, currency conversion is more unfavorable year over year. Core performance is down about $0.10. That represents about 15% earnings conversion on lower organic sales, which we think is a pretty good result. Modestly higher spending and a somewhat unfavorable mix is offset by strong productivity and a tailwind from lower incentive compensation. As I mentioned on the previous slide, no significant impact from tax year over year. And finally, continued share repurchases are expected to provide a $0.20 or roughly 3% tailwind to EPS. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Patrick to begin the Q&A session.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we have quite a few callers in the queue today, and we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan, UBS. Please proceed.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, Keith, how do you reconcile or make sense of the record attendance at Automation Fair? It certainly seems like there's a lot of interest when you talk about all the innovative new products coming out, but yet contrasting that with the extremely weak trends here and seemingly a lack of willingness to invest. There's a lot of interest in the Automation Fair, but we're not seeing the spending. Explain a little bit what you're seeing in that contrast, and then just your confidence coming out of this.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Two things, the first would be Automation Fair, we believe with the theme of it being the connected enterprise and then, to your point, the dramatic increase in new products that are going to be introduced during the fair that we have a lot of excited customers about the opportunities to learn what is coming and how it can help them be more competitive. And there's no better time for our customers to focus on new technology than when their business is slowing and they have an opportunity to look at the new technology and integrate it into their strategies or their new machine lines as they come up. So we think this is a great opportunity. The fact that it's in Chicago, it's always a well-attended fair. We think this year it will be even greater than the last time we were in Chicago, and that's because the Midwest is still the heart of manufacturing in the U.S. So we're excited to be there. We're excited with the messages that we will be providing our customers and, quite frankly, the confidence in the future. I think we have never been better positioned than we are today, and it's only going to get stronger. As I mentioned, this release of the new architecture, the next generation of that architecture and the ability to provide a broader portfolio of Rockwell Automation products and services and solutions is going to be unmatched in the both the industry and in the global environment. So we're going to have customers there from around the world, Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific. That will also be a very strong showing. So you can see the interest that our customers have in basically continuing to drive their productivity and improve their competitiveness, and I think that's the message that has been out. We did a lot of pre-work to make sure that our customers knew all of the new products as well as something this year that we're going to have, the innovation demonstrations, where we talk about how the technology is going to evolve in the future and give them a snapshot of how that future is going to look three to five years down the road. So from a combination of new products, the innovations that are coming, and how technology is evolving to enable the connected enterprise, we think that's what's behind the attendance. And quite frankly, we're happy many of you will be there.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Shannon, your question about high attendance and low spending right now and that disconnect, what we're hoping it is indicative of is customers' expectations that despite low spending right now that they will be spending more sometime next year or sometime this year.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then in terms of cash flow, a particularly strong year. I know you guys have been just working on productivity and working capital. Anything one-time in nature this year that you would call out, or is this just good cash execution?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think we really did have good working capital management this year. But in the interest of full disclosure, we also have some favorable timing items that we benefited from in 2015. I think we had some favorable cutoffs at the end of the year on receivables, and we also had some benefits in the timing of things like tax payments this year. So this was an exceptional year for cash flow generation. Some of that is going to reverse next year, I expect. But we're still expecting another good year in 2016.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Shannon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of John Inch, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Morning, John.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Can we start with restructuring? You called it out, which you normally don't do. Could you parse it between CP&S and A&S? And then could you give us the total restructuring spend that would compare to the $12 million this quarter for fiscal 2015 and what would be embedded in your guidance for fiscal 2016?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: There's a lot there, so let me see if I can get all of that.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's my long one question, first question, yes.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So $12 million in Q4 and about $20 million for the full year. We called it out because this was an unusually large amount for one quarter. We're expecting to generate about $25 million of savings in 2016 on that $12 million of restructuring spent in Q4, and that's reflected in our productivity expectations for next year. For next year in terms of restructuring charges, what we'll build into the plan is an amount that is similar to this year – or to 2015, I should say.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So about $20 million year over year, the same percent?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, and I'm sorry. In A&S and CP&S, it was roughly equal. The restructuring charges in Q4 were roughly equal between the two segments.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Given how quickly things have deteriorated, right, and you guys called out tough U.S. products business in September that spilled into October, we've got tough first quarter coming. I guess without being too specific, it sounds almost though that you're anticipating some sequential pickup, but not enough to get your EPS up year over year. But why would that be the case, meaning if this is the first period of serious U.S. decline, why do you think that next year for whatever reason that things are actually picking up because it really does look like that certainly on the heavier industry side, the global economy is getting worse, not better? So I just want to make sure I'm -- we all know how old Rockwell was very, very cyclical. Now you're more of a CPG company, but we're still trying to understand what's the expectation set for a company that obviously doesn't have a lot of visibility you're not baking in some false hope to the guide framework?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Right. First I would say, I was going – you just mentioned it -- I was going to start the answer by saying you know, we don't have great visibility. And I think your question is a legitimate question because there are concerns right now. There has been overall continued very slow global growth. We've got the slowdown in the U.S. in Q4 in industrial business. And if you look in the emerging markets, Brazil and China are still – we're not really seeing anything that is a near-term catalyst for improvement there. But as Keith mentioned, the forecasts for GDP and IP for 2016 are still indicating growth. Generally, our sales tend to track well with IP growth. In the media and what we're hearing from business people and customers, people are not talking about the recent conditions in the U.S. as a general recession, although there has been some noise about maybe an industrial recession. In the U.S., the consumer side of the economy still seems to be in pretty good shape, including the most recent jobs report that was very positive. And we've generally thought that this should be a longer up cycle given the sluggish global growth. So it was all of those things that we took into account in looking at the outlook for 2016. And based on that, we're thinking this is more of a pause that will be followed by some sequential growth, not the beginning of a deeper downturn.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's fair. But on the other hand, we're going to get through the December quarter and roll into a new year. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, are you assuming things hold, Ted, at these levels and then pick up maybe beyond the March quarter, or do you assume that things are going to actually start to begin to sequentially improve post the December quarter, I guess, is the question.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No, I would say generally we're not expecting to see sequential growth until the second half of the year.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, so first half tougher and sequential growth second half. Got it. Okay, thank you.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: You're welcome. Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you just tell us? I guess the software business outside of embedded and the stuff that goes along with the products, but just your more – like the MES [Manufacturing Execution Systems] type of stuff, what that did in the quarter, and then ultimately what that did for the year as well?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, absolutely. We had a very good quarter in our IS Solutions business, which is Information Software, in the quarter. We had a high for the year of sales. It was up above the average for the company. We also had very strong margin and OE performance in the business as well. We continue to expand the pilot programs with rollouts at multiple customers now. We currently have over 100 customers running FactoryTalk Production Center, and we have the suites installed in over 200 plants. And so this continues to be an area that now we are looking at growing it more aggressively. It's at the forefront of the connected enterprise and what we can do for customers in the IT/OT convergence that is currently going on. And quite frankly, after a number of years, this is the best that that business has been positioned with the suites that they have as well as the ability to deliver both revenue growth and profit growth at the same time. So that team has done a very good job there. And we think as we continue to build upon the connected enterprise story and vision that our software business will play a more important role going forward.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sorry, so it did grow, just to be clear. And then just lastly as a follow-up, because your sales were down, so I would assume that it grew above when you say above the company average. And then lastly, just in Mexico, what's growing so strongly there? Is that still oil and gas that's holding up, or is that auto? And then maybe at a higher level, what are your comments on global auto? And that's it.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay. Yes, it did grow and it has grown for the year, our software business. Mexico is a very broad-based story from the standpoint of what's growing. Obviously, the strongest growth there has been oil and gas, and it has been for us. And we continue to win more midstream projects in oil and gas. The areas, automotive continues to grow, and we expect that to continue into next year. The ability of – the powertrain capabilities that we have will open new opportunities for us there. We also have great channel capabilities in Mexico, and we're starting to see the power of our distribution model as it continues to mature. And in your emerging markets, Mexico is probably the most mature distribution capability that we have. And so it's brought across verticals. Consumer was very good. OEMs grew tremendously this past year, mainly because of the mid-range capabilities that we have. And so we see the oil and gas, consumer industries, automotive, and the channel work that is going on in OEMs being the areas that is driving growth for us, and we do expect that to continue as we go into 2016, not at as high a level as it grew in 2015, but still the best emerging market performance of the larger countries for us next year.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the color, Keith. I appreciate it.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: No problem, Steve. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning, just a couple other subtopics here. Keith or Ted, could you elaborate a little bit more on just how this abrupt deceleration unfolded? And by that, I mean does it look like it's inventory liquidation? You mentioned MRO. Was there a more abrupt pullback in MRO? Is there is any common theme to what you saw happen? I'm asking the question in the context of trying to understand how we do consider stabilization at some point.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So, Jeff, my comments are going to – this is Ted. My comments will reference the U.S. July was a little bit below where we thought it would be. Things picked up a little bit in August and then deteriorated significantly in September, and September got worse as the month progressed. You know as it relates to inventory that generally our end users and OEMs don't keep a lot of inventory of our stuff, and we have very good visibility in North America of the channel inventories. There has been no significant change in channel inventory, so we don't think this is about destocking. I think what we believe is what we have seen here, it has been – in the U.S. this year it's been generally a lower number of larger projects. But what we saw in the fourth quarter and particularly September looks like a turn down in both MRO and small project spending. And that's why in my comments I suggest that we think this is both capital spending and operating spending.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: And that's why I think the product business is more because that is what drives obviously the MRO. But also small projects tend to be much more product-centric.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And what's going on with price? Have you seen degradation in price and anything from your foreign domiciled competitors that are disruptive on price?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: So in terms of our price realization in Q4 and the full year, it was right at about one point, maybe even a little bit better than that. I'd say this year has been a little bit better than average, so pretty much as we expected. I think it would be fair to say we haven't seen any significant change in competitor pricing dynamics. But the U.S. dollar being as strong as it is, is not helpful and thus put increased pricing pressure on us.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And are you seeing a reciprocal positive effect on the European OEM machine builders? Obviously, your share and exposure in the U.S. would be higher, so I wouldn't expect a like-for-like offset. But can you tangibly see and feel U.S. OEM machine builders losing share globally and it being picked up in Europe and other places?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think that is the way the global OEM market operates. It does move – not with every quick change in currency, but this has been relatively long now. And you are seeing the competitiveness of Europeans increasing. I think we see their attention being turned more to the U.S. because of that. And also, we're seeing because Asia is weaker, China is weaker, there is less European exports to China and to Russia. So I think they're looking at the U.S. as the opportunity to make up for that other decline. And to Ted's point, the currency is giving them a competitive advantage in that regard.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you for the color.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: You're welcome, Jeff. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, Keith and Ted.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Ted, I guess I just want to run through the bridge. The top line feels reasonable. I mean who knows, but it looks reasonable. But the decrementals on core sales feel a bit light. And I understand there's some restructuring payback, but 15% given what you've done in the past and given the expectation of products is going to be worse than the average, how do you control decrementals in this kind of environment?
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think it's a couple of things. There is some spending increase, but it's pretty modest year over year. And then probably the most important thing is we're expecting another strong year for productivity, similar to what we generated in 2015, and that should be helped by the restructuring charges that we took. And then equally important is there's going to be some tailwind from incentive compensation with lower sales and lower EPS year over year.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, okay. And then, Keith, you mentioned your short cycle, it's tough to get a handle on your 2016 trends, but you've seen a lot of down cycles. And I think we tend to agree with you this is more of pause than something more sinister. But drawing on your experience from prior downturns, what gives you confidence, be it from what you've seen in the channel or be it from customer conversations, what gives you the confidence that this isn't a bit more of a severe downturn?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I think it goes back to some of the comments that Ted made why we're going to see a very difficult first half to the year. We're still looking at the key indicators for us, which is industrial production. And that's still forecast to grow in 2016 and to grow at a faster rate later in the year. So that historically has been a very good indicator of our performance. And I also think some of our new products, we do expect next year to be able to take market share. So that is always a piece of our equation. I think that's how we look at our ability to demonstrate differentiation. And certainly, with our new technology and our new products, we expect as the year unfolds to be able to take share, even in a difficult market environment.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thank you, Nigel.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Hi, Rich.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Keith, on your last comment there around market share, where do you – I assume that's a global comment in terms of taking share. Is it the usual suspects in terms of taking share in process, or are there other areas that you expect to drive share gain?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes, that is the main one. But I would say in addition to that, we think we can continue to grow our share in safety. We think we can continue to grow our share in our power control businesses, both in what I would call our drives business and our intelligent motor control center business with some of the some new capabilities that they are building out. And then as we've talked previously, we are starting to quote and be involved in more activity in powertrain. And we see that as an opportunity that's going to expand for us this next year, and we expect to be able to create some more wins there. And that's an area, as all of you know, we historically did not participate greatly in. So that would be the other one that I would add to the pile in addition to process.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, can you give us some framework for how you're thinking about the various verticals that you're tied to, oil and gas, auto, consumer, food and bev, et cetera, in terms of what's embedded in the outlook? And then second, what's your assumption for the China auto business in 2016? What's embedded in the outlook?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay, let me start with the last one. We think China in automotive will probably be down on a year-over-year basis. That has been a growing piece for us previously, but we have seen some slowdown in the automotive market there with the decline in sales of autos, the front end of autos. With respect to the outlook in the different industries for us, auto, we expect that to grow above the company average and, as I mentioned, increased opportunities in powertrain. Tire is expected to grow above the company average. We've been talking recently about the weakness in the China OEMs. That is going to continue to be true, but there have been eight greenfield plant announcements in the U.S. and Mexico, primarily with Asian manufacturers. And we're very well situated in those expansions. So we see that as a growth. Food and beverage, we think that will be flat next year. With North America, the focus is on modernization and productivity. And in Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, we expect to get the traditional different variety and packaging changes that will drive growth there for us. In home and personal care, we expect that to grow about the company average. And there, new product introductions and innovation is driving a lot of that. Life Sciences we expect to be above-average growth for us, and that will be driven by the new requirements, including serialization. If we look at some of the heavy industries, there we expect that oil and gas will be weaker in the U.S. for sure and especially in the first half of the year, but we do expect Latin America to be a little bit. Overall, oil and gas will be down about 10% next year. And then some of the small – excuse me. First, mining will continue to be weak across all regions, with the commodity prices continuing to be down. And also you're seeing a lot of restructuring in the larger global customers, and that tends to slow CapEx spending while that's going on. In some of the smaller verticals, pulp and paper, we think it will be in line with the company average. There is spending going on in the U.S. and Canada for modernization. Metals continuing to be weak and soft, and just a couple of large projects that we'll be participating in in EMEA and Asia-Pacific but overall weak. Chemicals, about the company average, and obviously everyone knows what's going on there with the lower feedstock prices driving additional expansion and modernization in that industry, particularly along the Gulf Coast. So that's a quick overview of all the key verticals and how we're thinking about them next year.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I appreciate it. Thanks, Keith, for that.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremie Capron, CLSA. Please proceed.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks, good morning.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Following up on the oil and gas markets, it sounds like came in below your expectations in the quarter. Can you talk about what you're seeing there and maybe dig a little deeper into your comment about that market being down another 10% next year? How do you see that unfolding, and where do you see a bottom there?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Well, I think at this point, we haven't seen the stabilization or the bottom. We were a little surprised with the drop in the U.S. this last quarter. The rest of the world operated pretty much as we expected, but the U.S. was stronger decline, which is why we're believing we haven't gotten to stabilization yet. We'll learn a lot more in the first calendar quarter as all of the key companies release their capital spending. But as you've seen with some of the recent releases, they're expecting that to continue to be reduced in the next year, in some cases as high as 20% to 30% reduction. So we're not expecting capital spending to be strong. We do believe that they will continue to spend on driving down their operating costs. We believe we have some new technology that we'll also be talking about at Automation Fair that enables us to create a much more productive oilfield as well as the ability to create more of helping them maintain their assets, their rotating equipment, which is very important in that industry with some capabilities in remote monitoring and in asset management capabilities of that equipment. So we think in some of the smaller countries, they will continue to create opportunities for us to help them become more productive so they can compete better against some of the majors. So the Latin America countries, in particular, Southeast Asia, we'll see some benefits there. But overall, it's going to be another declining year of capital spending in that industry in 2016. So that's why we're cautious about how we're approaching this because we don't believe we've seen the bottom.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Jeremie, I think the other thing coloring our view of oil and gas in 2016 is particularly in our solutions businesses, we're going end of the year with a weaker backlog, and our front-logs would indicate that we're going to see continued declines.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay; that's helpful. Then maybe quickly on EMEA, obviously pretty robust performance there. I wonder how much of that is due to your machine OEM clients, where I think you've made good progress over the recent years. And just a quick one for you, Ted, on pension, you haven't made any comments on that. Just a view on expenses around this and funding. Thanks.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Yes. Certainly, Europe, the best part of our success story there is the continued expansion into the OEM space. We continue to expand the number of customers that we have, and we continue to expand the breadth of our portfolio to where it's more than just a motion on the machines. We're growing our safety business there and we're growing our network sensor business there in addition to our standard drives. So we do see the OEM business in Europe as one of the areas that has been responsible for our continued growth, even in a very difficult environment.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Jeremie, this is Ted. I didn't mention pension because it's a pretty modest change 2015 to 2016. On an operating cost basis, it's less than $5 million, and the full-in GAAP pension expense increase year over year is about $15 million.
Patrick Goris - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And your last question comes from the line of Steven Winoker, Bernstein. Please proceed.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks very much, guys, for fitting me in. Just first on the cost side, in terms of the $20 million of restructuring for next year and given the lack of visibility to increased technology spending and the productivity that's no doubt freeing up capacity, why stop there? Is that just a placeholder? Do you have the project pipeline? How quickly might you increase that if conditions I guess worsen, or how are you thinking about the relative size? We're just seeing maybe larger programs at many of the other companies.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Steve, I think we believe that the restructuring charges that we took at the end, across 2015, and particularly in the fourth quarter should be reasonably sufficient to get our cost structure adjusted to what the current outlook is. There in any year we've always got some normal level of restructuring charges, which I would say typically is about $10 million a year. We left an extra $10 million in 2016 because of the uncertainty around the outlook right now. And so if things play out the way our current guidance indicates, we think our cost structure is in pretty good shape. If things get a little bit worse, we will probably be looking at taking more restructuring actions.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: But as we have often said, the areas that we're very careful and cautious about is, as an intellectual capital business, we have to continue to invest in new technology. I mentioned a lot of new products coming out. We want to finish those. And we also need to make sure that our customer-facing resources stay as strong as possible because that's how we're going to get the interest level at our customers with our capabilities. So it does require expense spending to do that. It's all about people. And those are the areas that we want to maintain as high of a capacity as possible for the reasons that we do see this as short term in nature. And we are building our capabilities and our product and service portfolio for the long term for our customers.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, fair comment. And then just on process growth, obviously very, very difficult end markets, but still second year of I guess 4% or below growth in the area, better than apparently with the peers with some of the competitor moves. But maybe just comment on the rate of deceleration in process. And as you look forward, given all the new product introductions and all the effort, are some of the competitors closing the gap as you see them or getting more aggressive in that area, or do you attribute the process growth – or slower growth all of it to the markets?
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: The simple answer is we are putting it all on the market at this point in time. We believe, to your earlier part of the question, know that some of the new capabilities that we're going to come out in the batch hybrid space will create additional opportunities for us. And as I mentioned, we have some strong capabilities now in the oil and gas space that we believe will also help drive productivity as opposed to just looking at increased production levels and new wells. We think we have an opportunity to help customers reduce their operating costs, improve their competitiveness with the lower oil prices. That's very important, and it's something that they're very interested in as opposed to just expanding the production rates themselves. And so we think there are a couple of things in here that allow us to still be very focused. We've improved some of our go-to-market strategies in the industry with some project pursuit capabilities. And so we continue to add capabilities to our platforms. So I wouldn't say people are catching up with the multi-discipline control. And I would say we're continuing to remove any of the shortcomings against some of the pure DCS players with our modern DCS approach. So we have a lot of expectations for our ability to continue to grow in process.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, guys. Thanks, see you next week.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: I'm looking forward to it, Steve.
Theodore D. Crandall - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Keith D. Nosbusch - Rockwell Automation, Inc.: Okay, that concludes our call today. Thank you for joining us, and I look forward to seeing all of you at Automation Fair next week in Chicago, and safe travels.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Goris - VP, IR Keith Nosbusch - Chairman & CEO Ted Crandall - CFO
Analysts: Scott Davis - Barclays John Inch - Deutsche Bank Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird Jeremie Capron - CLSA Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Steve Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Robert McCarthy - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Patrick Goris, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Goris, please go ahead.
Patrick Goris: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter FY '15 earnings conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Rondi Rohr-Dralle is here as well, as Rondi and I transition today. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the company's performance in the third quarter and some context around our updated outlook for FY '15. Then Ted will provide more details on the result as well as our sales and adjusted earnings-per-share guidance. As always, we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call to take about one hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.RockwellAutomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. With that, I will hand the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Patrick and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I hope that all of you in New York will find a cool spot, given the heat forecast coming. Before I get started, I would like to take a moment to formally introduce Patrick Goris, who as I mentioned on the last call, has taken over IR responsibilities with Rondi's upcoming retirement. Patrick joined Rockwell Automation over nine years ago and he has been be finance leader of our architecture and software segment for about four years now. Patrick, welcome to your first official earnings call. I'll start with some highlights for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. I'm pleased with our performance in the quarter as we delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth, despite a year-over-year decline in sales due to a large currency headwind. Organic sales growth was 2.2% with higher growth in architecture and software. EMEA with 4% organic growth was our highest growth region this quarter, driven by emerging countries. Safety continues to do well and was up double digits. As you remember, we're the market leader in industrial safety control and this growth reinforces its importance to our OEM and process initiatives. Logics grew slightly above the architecture and software growth rate. Process reflecting underlying market conditions was down 3% in the quarter. Margin expanded 200 basis points in the quarter which contributed to adjusted EPS growth of 7%. Free cash flow continues to be very strong. Ted will elaborate more on Q3 financial performance in his remarks, but I will add a few comments about our performance through three quarters this year. Our revenue diversification efforts, whether from a geographic or vertical perspective, are yielding results. We have shown that we can continue to grow even if an important vertical like oil and gas is contracting significantly. Excellent execution and strong productivity drove a 210 basis point improvement in segment margins, resulting in double-digit EPS growth in spite of lower sales. Our ability to generate cash remains excellent, with strong free cash flow conversion through three quarters. These are very good results in a slow growth environment. Let's move on to market conditions and economic indicators and what we expect to see in our business for the remainder of the fiscal year. Global GDP and industrial production growth forecasts have softened since April. For the U.S., we experienced 3% growth in Q3 and expect about the same in Q4. Our full-year growth rate will be lower than we thought one quarter ago. Automotive and consumer remain the strongest verticals in the U.S., oil and gas, the weakest. As expected, we saw improved growth rates in EMEA during the third quarter. We expect continued modest improvement in this region led by consumer, particularly life sciences. In Asia, India is doing well and we're seeing good growth there. China, however, continues to slow and third quarter sales were flat year-over-year. We're not seeing improvement in the China market as capital spending remains very constrained. While oil and gas entire are down year-over-year in China, we continue to grow in consumer and auto. We now expect China sales to be about flat for the year. China does remain a very important longer-term growth opportunity for us. We just do not see a short-term catalyst for growth. Market conditions in Latin America remain [indiscernible]. Mexico continues to be the bright spot, while other countries including Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela are in a recession. Auto and consumer are growing above the region average and oil and gas is growing in Mexico. Other heavy industries including mining are weaker. With all of that said, let's move on to our updated guidance for FY2015. We told you a quarter ago that we expected higher growth rates in the second half of this year. Since then, the outlook for industrial production has weakened and our third quarter organic sales performance came in somewhat below our expectations. While sequential growth will continue in Q4, we know longer expect higher year-over-year growth in the second half and we're lowering the midpoint of our full-year organic sales growth guidance by 1 point. Assuming a smaller headwind from currency, we continue to expect FY '15 reported sales of about $6.4 billion. In spite of lower organic growth, improved margin performance enables us to narrow the adjusted EPS guidance range to $6.55 to $6.70. At the midpoint, this would represent a 7% increase in adjusted EPS on about a 3.5% year-over-year decline in reported sales. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. I just have a few closing comments. While the market conditions may not be ideal, I like our competitive position. We have a differentiated portfolio of products and services and dedicated employees, distributors and partners that are committed to provide the best service to our customers globally. We remain focused on innovation and I am confident in our ability to deliver attractive shareholder return while we continue to invest in profitable growth opportunities. Before I turn it over to Ted, let me take a moment to mention Rockwell Automation's TechED 2015, an important annual training event we hosted in June in San Diego. During the event, customers, distributors and partners learned from industry leaders on how to achieve operational excellence with expert-led sessions, hands-on labs and innovative presentations. Our June event was a resounding success with about 1,800 attendees from 45 countries and all 50 states. This event is a good example of how we, together with our distributors and partners, continue to help our customers optimize their operations. Our main customer event of course is Automation Fair which will be held in Chicago this year on November 18 and 19. The investor meeting is scheduled for the 19th. Please mark your calendars as we hope to see you all there. With that, I'll turn it over to Ted
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith. Good morning to everyone on the call. I'll start on page 4, third quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.575 billion, 4.5% lower than Q3 last year. Organic growth was 2.2% but currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 6.8%. Reported sales were up about 1.5%, sequentially. Organic growth was 2%, sequentially.  Segment operating margin was 21.8% in the third quarter, up 200 basis points from Q3 last year, despite the reported sales decline. The year-over-year margin increase was primarily due to the high organic sales and strong productivity, partially offset by modestly increased spending. General corporate net was approximately $22 million in Q3, up about $4 million compared to a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.59, up $0.10 or 7%, compared to the third quarter of last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 27.9% compared to 27.6% in Q3 last year. We now expect our full year adjusted effective tax rate to be about 27%. That's about 0.5 point higher than are previous guidance, primarily due to a different distribution of pre-tax income across geographies. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 spiked a bit due to the year-to-date adjustment to the new higher full-year tax rate. Free cash flow for Q3 was $267 million, another very strong result. Free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 123% in the quarter. Our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 33.1%. A couple of items not shown, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 135.5 million, down about 3% compared to last year. Also during the third quarter, we repurchased 956,000 shares at a cost of about $115 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 3.65 million shares at a cost of $410 million. In November, we talked about a full-year repurchase target of $470 million. We're running about 16% ahead of that pace for June. At the end of the quarter, there was $642 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. Moving on to the next two slides which present the sales and operating margin performance of each segment, both for the third quarter and year-to-date, I'll start with the architecture and software segment on page 5 and I'll focus my comments on the third quarter results. On the left side of the chart, architecture and software segment sales were $684 million in Q3, down 4.4% compared to Q3 last year. Organic growth was 3.1%. Currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 7.5% compared to prior year. Sequential organic growth was 1.8%. Moving to the right side of the chart, on the 3.1% organic growth, A&S margins were 29.2%, up 60 basis points compared to Q3 last year, with the volume leverage on organic sales growth and productivity partly offset by higher spending. Turning to page 6, this is the control products and solutions segment, in the third quarter control products and solutions segment sales were $892 million, down 4.6% year-over-year on a reported basis, with organic growth of 1.6%. Currency translation reduced sales by 6.3%.  Organic growth for the product businesses in the segment was 5.3%. Organic sales for the solutions and services portion of the segment declined by about 1%. The book-to-bill in Q3 for solutions and services was 1.1%, better than last quarter and a little better than Q3 last year. Sequential organic growth for the controlled products and solutions segment was 2.2%. CP&S delivered very strong operating margins at 16.1% in Q3, up 310 basis points compared to last year. In addition to the contribution from organic growth, year-over-year productivity was particularly strong in this segment. Moving to the next slide, page 7 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter in the nine months through June. Keith covered a good deal of the third quarter results in his comments. I'll maybe just add a couple of additional notes. As you can see on the slide, the organic sales growth in the quarter was driven largely by the U.S. and EMEA, offsetting a continued decline in Canada and with Asia-Pacific and Latin America up only slightly compared to the same quarter last year. Canada was down almost 8% compared to Q3 last year. This region had the largest oil and gas exposure. As Keith mentioned, the EMEA organic growth in Q3 was largely driven by the emerging countries. Emerging countries were up mid-teens with modest growth in mature Europe. In Asia, India grew double digits while China was flat as Keith said and mature Asia declined in the quarter. Our Latin America growth was 1.1% in the third quarter. Mexico experienced organic growth in the mid-teens but that was largely offset by declines in the balance of the region. As a final note on this slide, overall emerging market organic growth in Q3 was 5.8%, despite the flat China. Please turn to the next page which is our updated FY '15 guidance. As Keith mentioned, we're revising the full-year guidance at the midpoint. We're reducing organic growth expectation for the full year by one point. Keith talked to those changes which are primarily related to the U.S. and China. We now expect a little less headwind from currency. Previous guidance called for the combination of currency translation and acquisitions to reduce sales by 5.8%. We now expect that to be about 5.5%. We expect reported sales of approximately $6.4 billion at the midpoint. The previous guidance called for organic growth of 1.5% to 4.5%. The new guidance is for organic growth of 1.5% to 2.5%, a more narrow range with only one quarter to go in the fiscal year. Our operating margin performance has continued to be very strong through the first nine months and we expect that to carry forward into the fourth quarter. For the full year we now expect operating margin to be about 22%. That's a little above the prior guidance. As I mentioned previously, we now expect an adjusted effective tax rate for the full year of 27%. That's up 50 basis points from the prior guidance. Given the lower organic sales, somewhat higher margins and a headwind from a higher tax rate, our new EPS range is $6.55 to $6.70. Higher margin is offsetting the lower sales. We've remained within a couple of cents of the previous guidance midpoint, despite losing about $0.05 to the higher tax rate. Given our strong cash generation through the first nine months, we now expect conversion on adjusted income to be about another 110% for the full fiscal year. With better cash flow conversion and given that our year-to-date spending on repurchases was at a rate above our original full-year repurchase target of $470 million, we now expect to spend at least $525 million on repurchases for FY '15. There are a few other items not shown here that I think are generally of interest. We expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $85 million for the full year. That's up about $5 million from the previous guidance. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 136 million for the full year and we expect process sales to be about flat on an organic basis for the full year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Patrick.
Patrick Goris: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we have quite a few callers in the queue today and we'd like to get to as many of you as possible. Please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Then you can get back into the queue if you want to ask another question on a different topic. Operator, let's take our first question.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Scott Davis at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Can you give us a sense, Keith and Ted, if you can separate out oil and gas as best you can? I know you said Canada is down about 8%. Can you give us a sense how much oil and gas you think was down and a little bit of forward look in that regard? If there's a book-to-bill or anything else you can share to help us understand how close we're to a bottom there?
Keith Nosbusch: Oil and gas in Q3 was down about 10% and we would expect for the fiscal year, it would also be down 10%, maybe a little bit better which gets us through Q3 down 7% on a year-to-date basis. I think it's a little too early for us to say that we know it's a bottom. Certainly, the next quarter will give us a good picture. If we're able to be steady state again in the third quarter I think we have our answer. It's become very mixed, however, as to spending. Obviously, you picked up Canada. The U.S. is definitely down as well, but Mexico was up. The Middle East remains reasonably solid. What we're seeing is a transition into more OpEx spending than specifically upstream exploration spending. We're hoping that we can convert some of the production dollars in CapEx into OpEx as we go forward.
Scott Davis: Okay. I'm curious your views in China. You sequentially got more bearish. Some of the other companies have as well. What's your sense on the region? What I am asking, I think, really is that there was all of this hope there would be a secular shift from labor to capital that you would see more automation spend. It sounds like folks are so nervous about demand dynamics and just not wanting to spend. Do you see this more as a short-term issue? How do your local guys feel about the one, two, three year outlook?
Keith Nosbusch: We definitely feel that there is a short-term issue at this point, a lot of that driven by what's the liquidity. It's still difficult for small and midsized customers. The rates are still reasonably high. We had expected to see in China growth in the second half of the year which was not the case. Particularly, I think the currency is hurting a little bit. Their exporting OEMs are suffering because of that. I think we have seen a pickup in some of the infrastructure investments, but that's typical China behavior. We believe the transportation industry, automotive is mixed with some of the leading companies still investing, but the slowdown in consumption is, I should say, in auto purchases is hurting. The majority of the market, [indiscernible] is slowing because of overcapacity now. Yet we continue to see growth in the consumer industries, mainly the food and beverage areas, particularly with the concerns for safety and the ongoing expansion of the middle class which quite frankly, is why we continue to stay positive on China in the long term. Certainly in the short term, there are spending concerns both from a company standpoint as well as individual standpoint. I think we have to see how the current phenomenon, the stock market transition the last couple of weeks, what will be the long-term impact of that as well.
Operator: The next question is from John Inch at Deutsche Bank. Go ahead.
John Inch: Obviously, all eyes are on 2016. For most of the companies, it's calendar, but in your case it's fiscal. What I would like to ask you, Keith and Ted, is as you literally add up all of these trends around the world, you are currently putting up very slow, low-single digit organic growth. It's actually better than lots of companies, but it's still pretty slow. Do you see anything in your front log, your mix, your initiatives that prospectively should call for 2016 to be an improvement from that trend or perhaps even a deceleration in some manner? Obvious China is decelerating and it's a pretty important region for you. Then you called out EMEA improving. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like there's really nothing on a net basis, but you guys are insiders. What are you thinking there?
Keith Nosbusch: What we’re thinking as we're going to reserve commentary on 2016 until November, so that's our first thought. To just to give you a little flavor for what currently is going on and that is our front log and quotation is stable. I wouldn't say we're seeing a meaningful change in the activity. Obviously, the concern that we have talked about is the declining industrial production. That's been a pretty consistent drum beat starting in the spring time frame now, but when you look at the forecast for industrial production, it shows improvement as we go through 2016. I would say there's mixed messages at this point and that's one of the reasons we want to get a couple of more months here and get a better feel before we give our 2016 guidance.
John Inch: Keith, some companies, not against the quarters backward but looking, they have called out trends in the June quarter with very weak May and then an improving June, July. Did you see any of that? If so, was there in the commentary you can give overall about the way the quarter progressed?
Keith Nosbusch: The quarter did get stronger as we went April through June. June would have been the strongest month in the quarter. That, I guess, you could say would be the trend for the quarter.
Ted Crandall: Although, I would say that's pretty typical for us works for us.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. That's not unusual in our business. I would say that July with the holiday and everything started out slow.
John Inch: Just last, the commentary, Keith, I think is apparent for China. You have over the last couple of years put in through a lot of initiatives with lower-end product, as part of the bifurcation in the market right there between consumer and heavy industry. Are you seeing and are you satisfied with the adoption rate of those lower-end microcontroller products? Obviously you're very strong in large controller. What's happening in smaller controller? Could that be a Rockwell specific source of improvement in 2016 in China, even if the overall market doesn't improve?
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly, we believe that is one of the areas that we should be able to grow in. That's heavily influenced by our success in the OEM market and that's what a lot of it is targeted for. I did mention OEMs were weaker, particularly exporting OEMs, because of the exchange rate, particularly into Europe. I think our product portfolio continues to get better to serve that market. We call that the mid-range market and that's our controllers, our drives which is a very strong portfolio as well. That will continue to be an area that we expect better than market performance in China. Certainly, has been an area of focus for us this past year in particular. We've still got to get a better little traction.
Ted Crandall: John, at the risk of cutting that answer a little too fine, I do want to draw upon I think we have a better opportunity in mid-range and a larger opportunity in mid-range than in microcontrollers.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan at UBS. Please proceed. 
Shannon O'Callaghan: Maybe just a quick margin question, obviously CP&S, really strong margins, you mentioned the productivity. It also looks like the product mix was favorable, but maybe just some more thoughts on why that came in so strong and if that productivity is sustainable?
Ted Crandall: Yes, so I talked about actions we took at the end of last year, some restructuring actions. That structural productivity contribution to CP&S is probably about half of the productivity that we're seeing in that segment and certainly, why that segment is running stronger than A&S. The other half is what I would call normal sourcing actions and lean and Six Sigma productivity projects that we always have in the pipeline. I think we probably tended to underestimate a little bit as we have gone to this year the level of productivity we were driving in CP&S. I would say it's been stronger on the solutions and services side of that business than on the product side, but I do think it will be sustained. I think as we go into Q4 the margin comparisons get a little bit tougher, but I think we will sustain that productivity.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the only comment I would make in addition is, I think we're also benefiting by the mix. As solutions grow at a faster rate going forward, that will have some downward pressure on margin.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. And then just in terms of when you look at verticals that are actually growing, what kind of investments are you seeing customers make? Our customers actually willing to make, it might not be capacity but a major redo a plant or whatever, are they willing to stick their necks out and make a real investment? Are these kind of smaller necessity kind of upgrades that you're seeing?
Keith Nosbusch: I think it depends on the geography. For example, the two verticals that are growing the best for us are automotive and then consumer. In automotive, there's a lot of greenfield investment, particularly in Mexico and a couple of the emerging markets, including China in that comment. In the mature markets, as you know in the U.S., the U.S. automotive companies are continuing to invest in new platforms so it's not necessarily capacity as much as new models and refurbishing their lines. In particular, we see longer-term investment in the power train side of the business because of the fuel standard improvements that are mandated, new engines, new transmissions which you are now seeing. I think that would be the area that we see there. With respect to the [indiscernible], it's pretty much the same story, emerging markets with the growing middle class and the greater need for automation and for protecting the safety of the product. We see more investments in automation. When we see it in the mature markets, it's really driving modernization of some of the new lines to update the existing installed base and also to deal with new, more flexible packaging to drive productivity. I think that's where we're seeing the greatest growth in those two verticals and it varies between mature and emerging markets.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rich Kwas at Wells Fargo Securities. Go ahead, please.
Rich Kwas: Can you comment on the competitive framework in China right now? There's been one of your largest competitors out there saying that pricing has been more competitive there. What is your angle on that? What's your view at this point?
Keith Nosbusch: In China, pricing is always competitive but it tends to be the nature of the culture as well to some degree. I would say we're not seeing significantly different activities, but there is fewer large projects. I think on the few there are, what you traditionally see is a more competitive environment. I think that remains the case on the few large projects that are out there. I think that would include some of the infrastructure investments that our taking place. They tend to now require a more competitive bid. I would say the area that is probably the greatest impact and it's not necessarily a pricing phenomenon, it's just a situation of currency which is the exporting Chinese OEMs are less competitive now because the RMB is pegged more to the dollar and therefore with the euro weakness against the dollar, the European OEMs our more competitive. That hurts the exporting OEMs in China, particularly into the European market. I would say that's not necessarily a pricing issue. It's more of a currency issued there.
Rich Kwas: You've seen the impact from that in the last couple of quarters that have been part of the slowdown?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, we have. I think that is part of it.
Rich Kwas: I guess this is a question for Ted, on the margins, if you back out FX you've got a very high incremental again. In the past, you've talked about organic growth having being in that mid-single digit range to get to that 35% incremental on an organic basis. How should we think about it as we move out the next several quarters in terms of momentum on productivity and how much that can help sustain the margin versus what you need in terms of underlying demand improvement?
Ted Crandall: I think I would still give the same guidance we have always talked about which is if we get organic growth falling into the low-single digits, it will be harder for us to drive conversion margins in the 30%, 35% range. I think what you are seeing this year is really a combination of two things. One is our productivity is above average this year. We've talked about that in previous quarters. The other thing is we're getting about 1% price this year on low organic growth. That also tends to help with the conversion margin.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Just a quick one, Ted, you had a very strong CP&S margin quarter here. Typically, you see a nice sequential ramp in the fourth. Just given the base level is higher here, how do we think about that just shorter term?
Ted Crandall: I think we're certainly going to see an acceleration in volume in CP&S just because fourth quarter is always our highest solutions and services shipment quarter. Normally, we would see some expansion of margin consequent to that, even though we're going to have a significant negative mix impact.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Tusa at JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Steve Tusa: On that margin side, I guess just to ask the question a little bit differently as John was talking about in this low-growth environment and the trend for the second half of this year carrying into next year, can you still improved margins? There was such an amazing performance this year. I'm just wondering if your conversion is below the 30%, can you still improved margins in that environment?
Ted Crandall: Without talking specifically about 2016 because as Keith said, we're not giving guidance on 2016 yet, I would say generally our expectation is even at low levels of organic growth, 2%, maybe even 3%, 2% to 3% range, even at those levels we think we should be able to drive some level of margin improvement generally, but not the 30%, 35% conversion that we would expect at higher rates of organic growth.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Just to Mexico, how strong was Mexico? Then within Mexico on oil and gas front, should we think about Pemex there obviously? What's the flavor of the Mexico oil and gas strength that you're seeing?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, Mexico for the quarter was up, I think, mid-teens. That was, once again, a strong quarter of growth for us. When you were talking oil and gas in Mexico, you're talking Pemex. Of course, they have a supply chain there, but Pemex drives it. It's 100% of the business and they are continuing to invest and modernize. They are modernizing their platforms and also their transportation areas. That has been the area of growth as opposed to significant new drilling that's going on. We do see an opportunity with some of our install base to be able to participate in the upgrades and the modernization that's going on.
Steve Tusa: Okay. One last quick one, process for the fourth quarter, what you expect that growth rate to be for the fourth quarter for total process?
Keith Nosbusch: Process for the fourth quarter, we expected to be right around flat maybe a little negative, but overall for the fiscal year, flat.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Eastman at Robert W. Baird. Go ahead, please.
Richard Eastman: Keith, could you maybe speak just a little bit to the EMEA commentary. You mentioned emerging countries in EMEA were plus mid-teens. I'm curious. What is the industry exposure there and the market exposure, as well as which countries are you speaking to there?
Ted Crandall: Sure. We're speaking to Turkey. I would say the Middle East, when you think of the Middle East in my commentary, think of it as the oil industry in the Middle East which is now broader than just oil. Think of it as Saudi Arabia, the Emirates, Abu Dhabi. Then sub-Saharan Africa would be the other one and Central and Eastern Europe. It's pretty much the rest of Europe, Middle East and Africa and we sold good growth. Other than Turkey in the quarter, we saw strong year-over-year growth. Actually, we also saw growth in Russia, but that was the delivery of a project. We're certainly seeing less opportunity with respect to orders. Once again, that's the lumpiness of our solutions business which is prevalent throughout that entire region.
Richard Eastman: Are the end markets, it sounds like spend, Middle East spend on oil and gas is still holding its own and the other markets slant towards consumer, food beverage, that type of thing?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, just to clarify the Middle East, the Middle East is expanding and other areas. Some of our growth there was in metals. Because of the low cost of energy, they do attract energy intensive industries. The other was in wastewater project as they continue to build infrastructure for their population. I would say oil and gas is the primary, but we had two very significant projects in metals and wastewater in the Middle East. In the Eastern Europe, a lot of it does tend to be the consumer related industries, per your comment. When we talk about sub-Saharan Africa, it tends to be heavier in mining than anything else at this moment. The resource industries typically lead. We also see some consumer as the population growth is starting to attract some of the multinational food companies to invest.
Richard Eastman: Then a last follow-up here, Ted, when I look at the low end of the FY2015 organic growth guide, so the 1.5% core growth, as the fourth quarter plays out and the trend seems to play out, I suspect the A&S business would still trend line out at low-single digits through the fourth quarter, simply because it's got the consumer facing exposure and processor and auto. The CP&S when you pick up the all in gas exposure, the process, that could likely be a negative number in the fourth quarter year-over-year, despite the fact it should be up sequentially? Would that be the trend?
Ted Crandall: I do think our solutions and services business will be down slightly in the fourth quarter year-over-year. Our products business will be up.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremie Capron at CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Jeremie Capron: I wanted to follow-up on Scott's question around oil and gas. I get a sense from your commentary that you think we may be approaching a bottom at least in terms of year-on-year contraction. I think your guidance implies double-digit contraction in Q4 and then we will have to see what happens. Wouldn't that be a rather weak down cycle here, particularly as you compare to what happened in mining? I think it took a good two years for your business to find a flow there? Do you think it's fair to assume that starting next year oil and gas would not be a major drag on your business anymore?
Keith Nosbusch: No, I don't think that's what I was trying to say. What I was trying to say is we aren't ready to call it stabilizing. We'll need at least another quarter to see if the declines that we saw in Q3 start flattening out or if we're going to see continued reduction in Q4. Right now we're calling, to your point, exactly right, we're expecting a double-digit decline in oil and gas in Q4 and depending on at what level that comes in, we'll have a better feel for going forward. I do think to the point of your question, I don't think we will see a significant increase in spending until we see an increase in the price of oil. I think those two will be a very connected. At this point, I think we're still at too low of a level to see meaningful incremental investment, no matter where the bottom is. I think we still need to see higher oil prices to drive new investment, as opposed to just OpEx spending to improve productivity and their cost structure.
Jeremie Capron: Okay. And shifting gears here a little bit here, the free cash flow looks very strong, conversion rate, well above 100%. We've seen that for a few quarters now. Can you help us understand what is driving this and as a consequence do you see upside to your share buyback target that was set earlier in the year and I think you explained you're trending ahead. How should we think about buybacks going forward?
Ted Crandall: I would say the biggest factor influencing the higher conversion on adjusted income is better working capital management. Working capital has not increased at the rate we expected, despite the fact I'm talking on a constant currency basis, despite the fact we've had about 2% organic growth. That's the biggest factor. As it relates to share repurchase, we originally set a target in November of about $470 million and as I mentioned in my comments, we now think we will spend at least $525 million this year. We ran ahead of pace through nine months and I think we will run at pace or higher in Q4. Obviously, that will depend on whether there's any acquisition spending in Q4 and also to an extent on stock price.
Operator: The next question is from Nigel Coe at Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Nigel Coe: I want to understand and maybe it's a dumb question, but when you say productivity, Keith and Ted, what you mean by that? Are we talking here about when the factory is more productively, especially cost control? What does that actually mean?
Ted Crandall: All of the things you've talked about. You can think about this in part as volume leverage that we're getting organic growth. You can think of it as lean and Six Sigma projects which are there to reduce costs, the efforts of our strategic sourcing organization to influence material costs. Margins in our solutions businesses which relates a lot to basically selection of projects and then the execution on those projects. In addition to all of that, savings we got from restructuring actions that we took late last year.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then digging down the next layer, we've got SG&A down 5%, just under 5% year-over-year which is slightly more than sales growth. Normally we would expect SG&A to be a bit stickier than sales. How does all of those actions you just referred to, how is that impacting SG&A line?
Ted Crandall: I don't think the actions we've taken have had a big effect on SG&A. I think what you're looking at in the 5% decline is more the effect of currency translation year-over-year. With that said, we've not had large spending increases either in SG&A.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Just final one, maybe I'm wrong but mining, I think last quarter you mentioned expectation of maybe some growth in mining in the second half of the year. It sounds like that's gone a little bit weaker. Is that fair? Maybe add some color to what you have seen on mining?
Ted Crandall: I think if we look at the year-to-date results, mining is actually slightly up for us year-over-year. The performance in any quarter is going to bounce around a little bit. I suspect for the full-year, mining's going to be either flat or slightly up for us this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Winoker at Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Steven Winoker: Last quarter, you had talked about as part of the margin discussion, that spending was a bit slower in first half than originally expected, especially R&D efforts. I think you're up 2% compared to 4% you might expect in the second half on R&D. You talked a lot about this. Can you may be hit the R&D side a little bit? On all of the spending side, are you no longer anticipating bringing that up? What's going on with the projects?
Ted Crandall: Last quarter, we talked about spending up about 2% in first half and the expectation that it would be up about 4% and second half. We did not accelerate a lot of spending in the third quarter and we now think that our spending for the second half will be up about 3% instead of 4%. As part of the margin improvement that's reflected in the guidance.
Steven Winoker: Okay, all right. All of that's really coming in the fourth quarter now.
Ted Crandall: I would say, not all of it, but back weighted.
Steven Winoker: Quickly on the solutions versus services down 1%, obviously, I assume solutions was down significant and service is stable. Can you put color around that?
Ted Crandall: If I recall correctly, services was actually up year-over-year in the quarter. You are correct. The decline was all due to solutions.
Steven Winoker: Okay. Any number around that?
Ted Crandall: I don't know that offhand.
Steven Winoker: Okay. Keith, a bigger picture of your question, given the unique picture that you guys are in. What I'm seeing across the sector now, what's your view? I know it's a big question here, but what your view of world manufacturing, excess capacity and excess inventory? You've talked about automotive. You've talked about consumer a little bit. Are their particular spots where you think the world is in a significant excess capacity situation other than the oil and gas commentary in mining?
Keith Nosbusch: I think the one we've been talking most about, historically, is metals. I would say metals is still definitely in an overcapacity situation, particularly metals in China which has not reduced their capacity. You've seen capacity taken out of the U.S. and that's happened over a number of years. I still think we have overcapacity there. I think we're beginning to see, at least in China, some overcapacity in the tire industry. They still have overcapacity in their overall automotive industry, but it tends to be in the domestic suppliers, the second and third tier automotive companies that are losing market share. Many of those are state-owned, so they are very difficult to close and to reduce. But I would say that's where we've seen the overcapacity. I would think in most of the other industries, it's not an overcapacity situation. In the emerging markets, it's about creating capacity, particularly for the growing middle class and consumers. In the mature markets, it's about modernization and reducing cost and improving business performance and investments are going into that. An output of that would be some capacity expansion, but they are not making the investments due to capacity expansion. I would say, if you take China in particular, independent of overcapacity, there is a need to deal with the escalating labor cost. That's just a natural tailwind for automation investment as well. We do see some benefit there, independent of some of the other comments I made.
Operator: The next question is from Julian Mitchell at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: The first question, I just wanted to circle back the gross margin expansion you've seen and the extent to which you think that mix has been a help there this year or if you think the mix you've seen in 2015 is fairly typical, assuming no big changes in the overall demand environment?
Ted Crandall: I would say if you looked on a year-to-date basis, the mix is slightly favorable this year. It's had a small positive effect on margin. I think for the full-year, I'd expect that to be about the same.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Secondly, I guess if you think about the appetite, the customer appetite around large project activity, if we exclude extractive industries for a second, metal, mining, oil and gas, how is the appetite for that kind of project spend changed? Is a very different versus three months ago? Your comments sound a little more cautious, but you have a decent book-to-bill.
Keith Nosbusch: I don't think large project activity has changed a lot in the last three months. I think one of the things we've seen is with industrial production rates slowing and that been true pretty much globally, maybe with the exception of EMEA, with industrial production rates slowing, what we're seeing is somewhat less MRO and small project activity.
Operator: Thank you. This comes from Robert McCarthy at Stifel. Go ahead, please.
Robert McCarthy: First and I apologize if you've already talked about it on the call, did you cite what the book-to-bill was for services and solutions was on the quarter and what Logix growth rate was?
Ted Crandall: Yes. The book-to-bill for solutions and services was 1.1 and Logix growth rate in the quarter was 3.5% organically.
Robert McCarthy: Do you have any outlook for what you expect the fourth quarter for Logix?
Ted Crandall: We expect Logix in the fourth quarter to grow less than 3.5%, but still positive.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. And then, the final question is in terms of Canada, in terms of [indiscernible], you have a big global balanced mix in terms of your productive capacity, but clearly the Canadian dollar has moved against you. Have you called out what kind of the headwind has been on transactional basis there?
Ted Crandall: No, I don't think we have. I don't think we have ever talked about specific currency transactional headwind.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Was it material or not? I guess it wasn't.
Ted Crandall: I'm stopping to think about it. We manufacturing in Canada and export to the U.S. and we also manufacture in the U.S. and export to Canada. I'm trying to think of what that balance will be.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. It sounds like it's relatively balanced. For some other industrials, they got nipped by that. Don't worry about it. I'll leave it there.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. Thank you, Rob.
Patrick Goris: Okay, that concludes today's call. Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Nosbusch – CEO Ted Crandall – CFO Rondi Rohr-Dralle – VP, IR
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Jeremie Capron - CLSA Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle. Please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Matt. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second fiscal 2015 quarter earnings release conference call. With me today as always are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the Company's performance in the second quarter and the first half, and some contexts around our updated outlook for fiscal '15. Then Ted will provide more details on the results as well as our sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always, we’ll take questions at the end of Ted's remark and we expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. Before I get started, I just wanted to say a few words about the announcement that we sent out a couple of weeks ago about Rondi’s retirement plans. This will be her last earnings call and I want to thank her for the outstanding job she has done over her career. Her leadership and contributions most recently in the Investor Relations role has been tremendous. I value her consults, insight and positive can-do attitude. She was a pleasure to work with, a true professional and a great person. She helped us become a better company, but she’ll be around for a while yet and I can assure you that you will all be in good hands as Patrick [Goss] assumes responsibility for Investor Relations starting in July.  Let me start with some highlights for the quarter and the first half. So please turn to page three in the slide deck. Earnings growth in the quarter was robust despite a decline in sales due to a large currency headwind. Organic sales growth was a solid 2.7%, led by Architecture & Software. Logix sales were up 6% in the quarter, driven by our midrange portfolio. Our process business grew 2% in the quarter, which is good results given underlying market conditions. Margin expanded 270 basis points in the quarter, which contributed to a strong adjusted EPS growth of 18%. Free cash flow was also very good in the quarter. Ted will elaborate more on Q2 performance in his remarks.  For the first half, organic growth was about 2.5%, very close to our expectations coming into the year. The standout region was Latin America, with double digit organic growth. Although Mexico led the growth, it was broad-based across the region. Segment operating margin expanded more than two points in the first half, with particularly strong performance in control products and solutions and adjusted EPS was up 15%. So excellent earnings performance in this market environment.  Let’s move on to what we are seeing in economic indicators and market condition. Global GDP and industrial production growth forecast has softened since January. For the US, industrial production growth has moderated for the past several months, with oil and gas weighing on overall economic growth and incremental consumer spending has not yet filled the gap. Automotive remains strong and consumer industries are still solid. For the second half, we expect market conditions to be similar to the first half, but with further declines in oil and gas and improvement in other verticals including auto, chemicals and some other heavy industries.  EMEA's economic indicators have improved slightly and we expect growth to be a little better in the second half with improvement in Home and Personal Care, Life Sciences and increased project activities in Metals and Water, Wastewater. In Asia, India continues to recover and we are seeing good growth there. China remains slow, which is consistent with the PMI continuing to hover around 50. For both China and the region, we expect low single digit growth for the second half and full year. Other conditions in Latin America are mixed. Mexico remains healthy, but Brazil and Argentina are in a recession and Venezuela remains very challenging.  With all of that said, let’s move on to our updated guidance for fiscal 2015. Overall, while not a lot has changed from a quarter ago, we are somewhat more cautious about the rest of the year. Some industrial economic indicators have weakened. Oil and gas customers have cut CapEx more quickly than we anticipated and we would have liked a stronger book-to-bill in Q2. But based on our current assessment of backlog and front-log, we continue to expect higher growth rates in the second half, primarily in our solutions and services businesses. They just won’t be quite as strong as we thought a quarter ago. For our full year guidance, we are lowering our organic sales growth by 1 point and taking off an additional 1.5 points, due to a larger currency headwind. We now expect fiscal 2015 reported sales of about $6.4 billion. In spite of the topline reduction, our expectation for a higher full year margin enables us to maintain an adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.50 to $6.80. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks.  I just have a few closing comments. While I wish we were seeing stronger market growth, I like our competitive position. Revenue diversification and agility are helping us pursue the best growth opportunities. Our strong productivity culture enables us to invest in innovation and organic growth and we’ve demonstrated that even in a lower growth environment, we can still grow earnings and deliver great value to shareowners.  Before I turn it over to Ted, let me take a moment to mention something that I’m very proud of. We recently received the Ethisphere award for the seventh time, naming us one of the world’s most ethical companies. This recognition reflects our employees’ and partners’ commitment to integrity, responsibility and accountability, all essential qualities of a successful and sustainable company.  So Ted, I’ll turn it over to you.
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith. Good morning everybody. I’ll start on page four, second quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.551 billion, 3.1% lower than Q2 last year. Organic sales growth was 2.7%, but currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 6 points. Sales were down about 1.5% sequentially. Sequential organic growth was about 2%, pretty typical in terms of the historic pattern, but currency translation reduced sales by over 3 points sequentially.  Segment operating margin continued to be very strong at 21.6%, up 270 basis points from Q2 last year, despite the sales decline. The year-over-year margin increase was primarily due to the higher organic sales, strong productivity and favorable mix, partly offset by some increased spending. I’ll note that Q2 last year is our easiest quarterly margin comparison.  General corporate net was $21 million in Q2, up about $2 million compared to a year ago. Still in line with our expectations for the full year.  Adjusted earnings per share were $1.59, up $0.24 or 18%, compared to the second quarter of last year.  The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 26% compared to 27.9% in Q2 last year. Last year’s rate included some unfavorable prior period adjustments.  Free cash flow for Q2 was $269 million, another strong result. Free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 125% in Q2. Our trailing four quarter return on invested capital was 32%.  A couple of items not shown here. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $136 million, down about 3% compared to last year. Also during the second quarter, we repurchased 1.14 million shares, at a cost of $127 million. Year to date, we’ve repurchased 2.69 million shares at a cost of $294 million. In November we talked about a full year repurchase target of $470 million. We are running about 25% ahead of that pace through March. Similar to last year, it’s likely that we’ll spend above the target for the full year. At the end of the quarter, there was $757 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization.  The next two slides present the sales and operating margin performance of each segment, both for the second quarter and year to date. I’ll start with the Architecture & Software segment on page five and I’ll focus my comments on the second quarter results. On the left side of the chart, Architecture & Software segment sales were $674 million in Q2, down 1.8% compared to Q2 last year. Organic growth was 4.8%. We continue to see very attractive growth rates in this segment driven primarily by our Logix platform. Currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by almost 7 points on a year over year basis.  Moving to the right side of the chart, on 4.8% organic growth, A&S margins were 29.8%, up 210 basis points compared to Q2 last year, with the improved margin primarily due to higher organic sales and another good productivity quarter. Spending in this segment was up modestly year-to-date through March. We expect spending to increase in the second half.  Turning to page 6, this the Control Products and Solutions segment. In the second quarter, Control Products and Solutions segment sale were down 4.1% year over year with organic growth of about 1.2%. Currency translation reduced sales by about 5.5 points. Organic growth for product businesses is in the segment was 5%, equally strong to the growth rate seen in Architecture and Software.  However, we continue to experience weakness in the Solutions and Services businesses, with organic sales down about 2%. The book-to-bill in Q2 for Solutions and Services was 1.06. This was lower than we expected and consequently we will be reducing our growth expectation for Solutions and Services in the second half compared to the prior guidance. The order shortfall in Solutions and Services was primarily and heavy industry, with about half that coming in oil and gas.  CP&S continued to deliver strong operating margins, 15.2% in Q2, up 300 basis points compared to last year. The year over year margin improvement was due to the organic sales growth, continued favorable mix as our product businesses are out growing Solutions and Services, and particularly strong productivity performance in this segment.  Moving to the next slide, page 7 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter and the first half. Again, I'll focus my comments on the second quarter. The organic sale growth was driven largely by the Americas, with Latin America continuing to experiencing the highest percentage growth rate. The U.S was up 3.5%. Growth in automotive and customer industries more than offset declines in oil and gas.  Canada was down 11% compared to Q2 last year. As we discussed last quarter, that was not unexpected. Canada is down 1.7% year to date and we are expecting to be down above mid-single digits for the full year. Canada has a disproportionate exposure to oil and gas and declines there are more than offsetting attractive growth rates in transportation and consumer industries.  In Q2 in Latin America, Brazil was about flat year over year, but otherwise growth was pretty broad based across the balance of the region, with Mexico up 18%. Latin America was the only region to experience year over year growth in oil and gas in Q2. EMEA was up 1.2% organically. We saw growth in both mature and emerging EMEA, with a little higher growth in emerging EMEA this quarter.  Asia Pacific was up 3.2%, driven primarily by India and China. India was up 16% off of a relatively easy comparison and China was up 6%. As a final note on this slide, overall, emerging market organic growth in Q2 was up over 8%.  Please turn to the next page, which is our updated fiscal year 2015 guidance. As Keith mentioned, we are reducing our full year sales guidance but holding the prior EPS range. Across the guidance range, we are reducing sales by about 2.5%. Approximately 1.5% point of that decline is due to currency translation. In our prior guidance, we expected currency transition to reduce full year sales by 4.5%. We now expect currency translation to reduce full year sales by 6% and to reduce full year EPS by about $0.40.  We are also reducing sales guidance by 1 point to reflect lower organic growth. The lower organic growth is due in part to lower than expected orders in Q2, primarily in our Solutions and Services businesses. Also, we are now seeing an earlier drop in oil and gas spending than we previously expected. These first two factors are related to some extent. And the last factor, we are continuing to see declines in the forecasts for industrial production growth rates.  Our previous guidance called for reported sales of approximately $6.6 billion at the midpoint. We now think the midpoint will be a little over $6.4 billion. The previous guidance called for organic growth of 2.5% to 5.5%. The new guidance is for organic growth of 1.5% to 4.5 %. At the midpoint of sales guidance, we expect year over year organic growth rates in our product businesses to be about the same in the second half as the first half. We expect higher second half growth rates is the Solutions and Services businesses that’s consistent with our backlog and our front log at the end of March. We also expect to see a typically large fourth quarter for sales in our Solutions and Services businesses.  Despite the lower sales, we are maintaining the previous EPS guidance ranges of $6.50 to $6.80. We now expect higher margin to offset the earnings impact of reduced sales. The margin improvement compared to prior guidance is based on stronger Q2 margins, a continuation of the strong productivity into the second half and a more favorable earnings conversion on currency translation than we previously expected.  We now expect operating margins for the full year to be a little over 21.5%. This margin guidance incorporates an increase in spending in the second half compared to the first half. We continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate for the full year of 26.5%. Given our strong cash generation though the first six months, we now expect conversion on adjusted income to be above 100% for the full year.  There are a few other items not shown here that I think generally are of interest. We continue to expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $80 million for the full year. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about $136 million for the full year and finally we are expect process sales growth for the full year to be at above the company average. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Rondi.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks Ted. Before we start the Q&A, I’d just ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we can get to as many callers as possible. Mark, we’ll then take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O’Callaghan : Congratulations Rondi. Thanks for all the help. Appreciate it. Hope you enjoy it. Keith, on the consumer industries, could you maybe walk us through a little bit Food and Beverage, Home and Personal Life Sciences, what you are seeing in those different markets. And then also maybe the nature of the investment you’re seeing. You mentioned that Logix was strong in mid-range. I'm just wondering sort of the types of activity you are seeing.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. If we look at the consumer verticals, certainly food and beverage we see that growing in line with the company average in the quarter. We continue to see investment particularly in Asia Pacific and Latin America where there’s ongoing strength with both multi-nationals and indigenous food companies. We are also seeing in particular in Asia and China in particular, the continued need for safety and the risk management of having quality food and quality production processes and that’s driving some of the investment there.  In the home and personal care, we are seeing continued investment in innovation in their products and many of the companies are expanding their SKU’s and therefore need new and more flexible machinery to do that. We expect that to continue as we go forward in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned, we think home and personal care will be an area that is above the company average growth. And then Life Sciences, we did see growth in all geographies, including EMEA and this is a pick up from what spanned the previous couple of quarter. That’s a quick picture of what we are seeing in some of the major areas buts a good quarter and basically a good outlook for the remainder of our fiscal year. 
Shannon O’Callaghan :  Thanks, and then just on process, the up two like you said, pretty good in this environment. Can you just maybe frame for us a little bit how you are approaching the process business right now and thinking out how to grow it in a tough oil and gas environment? Are there other verticals you’re approaching or different approach in terms of product set, etc.?
Keith Nosbusch: The product set is pretty much the same. We’ve had some new functionality releases in some of our process in both continuous and the batch hybrid space. But in general, our product portfolio has been pretty consistent over the last couple of quarters after a major release in our planned PAX previously. We are looking forward to some new introductions later this year that will particularly be in the batch hybrid space which is an area that we believe we can continue to grow in. But as far as the markets themselves, while oil and gas is certainly going to see a decline, we believe that chemical will be stronger for us in the second half and going forward. That’s an area that we continue to believe we have some opportunities to grow in.  Even in oil and gas, if you look at -- Ted mentioned that Latin America grew for us in the second quarter. We think there are pockets of investments that are going on, both in emerging markets where either they’re trying to become more energy independent or they just have a government industry that they want to continue to invest in, whether it be the oil side or the gas side. We see isolated opportunities even in oil and gas and in particular some of the midstream activities that will continue to be invested in. And investments, as we talked about in mining, OpEx spending will become more critical in some of these areas and that spending should continue.  We are seeing very isolated, but some pockets of spending in metals. It is very project specific. It is not broad-based and we’ve been successful in a couple of those. We also see once again isolated but pockets of spending in Pulp and Paper, which is an industry that has really been reduced over a number -- probably over the last decade. And so they do look at modernization and energy efficiency investments. And in North America we do see modernization going on in some of those locations. That gives you a little feel for where we see the opportunities to have a little bit above average growth to offset some of the oil and gas decline. 
Shannon O’Callaghan : That’s great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremie Capron from CLSA.
Jeremie Capron: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations, Rondi, on your retirement. I wanted to ask about Latin America. Very impressive growth coming from Mexico. I’m wondering how much of that is driven by the automotive industry and how long do you think this is going to last?
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly parts of it has been driven by automotive and there’s been investment in automotive from both the U.S car manufactures, as well as European and Asian. We see that automotive investment continuing over the next couple of years. It’s one of the reasons we’ve identified automotive as one of the areas that is going to grow a little faster for us in the second half. Mexico is where some of these investments are going in. And so we see Mexico and automotive continuing. And when we talk about this, there’ll be two dimensions to that. One will be the car manufacturers themselves, but secondly it will be the tier 1 suppliers to the automotives.  And certainly that’s an opportunity for us as well. The investment and the automation intensity is different than an automotive plant, but we also see that is an area. The other area that we see as an opportunity for us is the fact that some of the opportunities that we’ll see in powertrain now with FANUC and we do know there are some powertrain investments that will be going into Mexico. Independent of what I just talked about with automotive, that’s probably not where the greatest growth has been for us. There is still significant investment going on in oil and gas. Pemex as you know has opened up the energy sector for external investments. So we see that as a continued opportunity.  Oil and gas is very important to the Mexican economy and they’re also modernizing some of their existing facilities. We see that as a potential. And then mining, mining in Mexico is one of the few areas where investment is taking place and also then the growing middle class is pushing for the consumer industries and we see food and beverage and brewing, all of the consumer related industries. Home and personal care has also opportunities for growth. So it’s really a broad-based set of industries that’s driving up growth in Mexico and we have a very good partner network there, a very strong distributor organization that is able to support that growth. So we see continued ability to grow in Mexico in a diverse set of verticals.
Jeremie Capron: Thanks Keith. And Ted, I wanted to ask about the margins. Again strong margin performance this quarter despite the decline in reported revenue. You talked about increasing spending in the second half. I’m wondering if you could give us a little more color around that and if you expect the incremental margins to remain at this elevated level for the remainder of the year.
Ted Crandall: First, I think spending has probably started off a little slower for us in the first half of this year than we expected in terms of a ramp up. We are up about 2% year over year in spending in the first half. We expect to be up more like 4% year over year in spending in the second half. As it relates to incremental margins, I do not expect incremental margins in the second half to be as strong as what you saw in the first half, but I expect absolute margins in the second half to be about equal to the first half.
Jeremie Capron: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Stephen Tusa: Hey good morning. Rondi, congratulations. It’s been a pleasure working with you. Just on the forex. I think you guys guided to a 40, something in the low kind of $0.40 range forex impact year over year on the last call.
Ted Crandall: Last call was $0.38.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. So it’s basically another couple of pennies on the percent half. Has anything been changed with regards to the kind of conversion rate of that forex that you’re assuming?
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I think I mentioned that. We think we are now going to have a somewhat more favorable conversion rate for the full year than what we anticipated in the previous guidance.
Stephen Tusa: On the foreign exchange?
Ted Crandall: On the foreign exchange, correct.
Stephen Tusa: What’s driving that? 
Ted Crandall: The conversion rate on the foreign exchange is probably one of the most difficult things for us to forecast. Over time it tends to run at about our normal operating margin, our normal operating earnings margin, but it varies a lot quarter to quarter. Now that we are six months through the year and we’ve got the first half behind us, and it was slightly favorable to what we were thinking, our best estimates now for the second half say that likely continues.
Stephen Tusa: Right, okay. And as far as the kind of the core incremental margin, I mean clearly you guys are putting up some very good numbers. How do we think about kind of 30 to 40 going forward? Is that something you’re managing too? Is it -- I know it’s kind of -- all these numbers are kind of an output obviously on the ground doing business. How do we kind of think about what’s going on structurally?
Ted Crandall: We have made some structural changes that have boosted our productivity this year and I think we are going to run at a somewhat higher level of productivity this year than it's been the case for the last couple and that’s providing a nice boost to our margins. On a year over year basis, I think you are going to see the largest impact of that in the first half because the margin comparisons get a little tougher in the second half. If you looked at our second half expectations and you pulled out the effect of currency, I think what you see is a conversion is margins that’s pretty normal, kind of around 30%.  That’s kind of a fiscal 2015 answer. In the longer term, we still believe that if we are driving reasonable levels of organic growth and I use that to mean 4%, 5%, 6% organic growth that we should be able to drive 30% to 35% conversion margin. Now it's always going to depend on mix of growth between our Solutions and Service business and Products business and the rate at which we’re ramping spending. It won’t be that in any particular period, but over the longer term we think that’s a reasonable expectation.
Stephen Tusa:  Okay and then one last quick one just in Lat Am. You said oil and gas grew. Was that mostly offshore down there or was it just a flavor of that growth?
Keith Nosbusch: No. It’s a combination. Matter of fact, the majority of it was probably onshore in the Andean region. Countries like Peru, Colombia in addition to Mexico and Mexico is a mix with a lot of it offshore there, but the rest of South America is pretty much onshore.
Stephen Tusa:  Okay great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Richard Eastman: Good morning and Rondi, congrats. Keith, could you maybe just speak for a minute or two, when we look at the modest downtick in core growth that’s forecast now for the year, when I look at this regionally, is this--- it would appear as though maybe expectations for APAC and also perhaps for Canada, maybe you’ve come in a little bit. So thinking about it regionally. And is that again -- I would expect Canada to be oil and gas but APAC, what would be maybe the reason for that? Is that just kind of China globe PMI or?
Keith Nosbusch:  I think just to characteristic it for the year, we believe each region will be down other than Latin America. That would be the way we would characterize it in total, but [indiscernible] I'm talking about versus other -- versus our guidance last quarter. So that’s why we took the overall guidance down organically a point.
Richard Eastman: Then just one follow up question here on exports. With the stronger dollar, are you seeing anything on pricing, -- also competitive pricing there? And also again is the US dollar just making us less competitive from an export standpoint?
Keith Nosbusch :  As always quite frankly, a stronger dollar makes us less competitive export wise. When you see the dramatic change against the Euro, that is helping the Europeans, particular OEMs compete and then there’s also another dynamic going on and that is China. And you look at China now versus the dollar and China currency is pretty much pegged to the dollar. And with what happened with the Euro, we’re now seeing that the Chinese OEMs are not as -- do not have the same advantage against the European Euro.  So we are seeing some different dynamics going no from a competitiveness standpoint that haven’t been seen in a while, in particular because of the magnitude of the Euro-Dollar change and then the impact on other currencies, particularly with there’s strong exporting economies. And I think that’s part of the reason why you’re seeing a little bit of a decline in the China numbers. China for us, OEMs have slowed a little. So we have seeing some of the impact there. But just to be clear in the US, in the US most of our OEM business is domestic business, not export business. We have not seen a significant impact to our business at this point in time. 
Richard Eastman: Your business, what’s good for the European OEMs competitively versus the Chinese, your component sales into those European OEMs, is that business held up? Because that’s where our cost advantage would be, right?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. So far it has and part of the reason is a lot of the European strength is with exporting OEMs. And so that’s for machinery and a lot of the strength of exporting OEMs is to the US now and that’s into where our strength is and where our capability of supporting those machines and the customer base is the strongest. I think you’ll see our ability to continue to grow. It’s why CompactLogix is growing at a faster rate than the ANS and Logix average quite frankly is because we continue to be able to work the European exporting OEMs and that’s because it's not a domestic sale and it's a benefit to Rockwell to have a strong position with the exporting OEMs in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and Rondi, I hate to should so repetitive, but congratulations and thanks for the help. It's been a pleasure. I just want to some back to the FX conversion. Is it because the mix of currency has changed i.e. a weaker Euro region performance, weaker Canadians performance or has there been a change to your hedging policy?
Ted Crandall: I would say there has been a change in the mix of currency from our prior guidance to this guidance and that is some of that. We have made no changes in our hedging policy, although the mix in currency, it does have impact on the hedging results related to that. But I would say a lot of this is just about we’ve got better visibility now about what to expect in the second half and we’ve got two quarter under our belt. 
Nigel Coe: Okay, that’s clear. And then on the revision to the full year core growth outlook, obviously the second half range is pretty wide as it normally is, but I was a bit surprised you lowered the -- took the low end down to 1.5, which implies a deterioration from the first half run rates. Given that we’re seven months into the year now, I’m just wondering, what drove that incremental course at the low end? And perhaps if or could maybe add some color in terms of what you saw in March going into April.
Ted Crandall: I don’t think we were trying to send any message with the low end. I mean we focus kind of primarily on the midpoint. We always think of the midpoint as the most likely result. We maintain kind of a symmetric range around that midpoint. I wouldn’t read a lot more into it than that. As it relates to the month of April, I would say early in the month it started a little bit slow. It has accelerated through the month and right now I think it would-be fair to characterize it’s -- what we have seen is consistent with our guidance.
Nigel Coe: Okay great. And then just finally, the 10.6 book-to-bill on solutions, it's in the zone of where it was last year 1.1. What sort of book-to-bill were you expecting in your previous plan?
Ted Crandall: I would say we were hoping we were going to see something about 5 point higher than that. So maybe like 1.11, 1.12. We missed orders in Solutions and Services on the order of $40 million.
Nigel Coe:  Okay, great. That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Richard Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Richard Kwas: Good morning. On the solutions service or CP&S versus ANS, what’s the split on oil and gas exposure between the two businesses? I assume that CP&S with solutions exposure there, there’s a fair amount there, but what’s the split out when think about segments? 
Keith Nosbusch: When we think about the two segments, we don’t have a precise, but we believe A&S is about 30% of it and CP&S is about 70% of it. Within CP&S, about 85% of it is solutions and services. So in total it’s about 40% products and about 60% solutions and services.
Ted Crandall: Rich, what Keith was giving you is kind of the breakdown of our total sales in oil and gas. I think where you were going is and I would agree, we have a lower percentage of sales in oil and gas and Architecture & Software than we have in Control Products and Solutions.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: I think if I do some high level quick math here, as a percentage of A&S, sales is less than 10%. As a percentage of CP&S, sales is going to be 15% blocks for this and 12% for the total company.
Richard Kwas: Okay, that’s helpful. And then with the debt raise and the free cash flow generation, any change in the priority for use of cash?
Ted Crandall: I don’t think any significant change is in the priority. As I mentioned, cash flow is running a little stronger this year than we originally projected. We are running ahead of pace on repurchases. I suspect that’s going to continue.
Richard Kwas: Okay, great. Rondi, thanks for everything. Enjoy San Diego.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker from Bernstein. Please proceed.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and Rondi, I’ll echo everybody’s congrats and thanks as well. Let me just ask a finer point on the margin question and the margin details sustainability. That FX conversion, could you maybe quantify a little bit more how much that contributed and were there any transaction benefits as opposed to translation in there?
Ted Crandall: Every period we’ve got a combination of translation, transaction and re-measurement gains and losses running through that currency number.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: And hedging.
Ted Crandall: Well, hedging is part of the transaction. But in Q2 we saw a very modest margin benefit from currency. Margins were up year over year 270 basis points. The favorable currency effect related to that we think was about 20 basis points. It was not zero, but it wasn’t large.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then, so then that brings me back to pricing mix productivity, the other items and you already mentioned the incremental investments came in -- or the year on year came in lower than you expected. But maybe give us a better sense for what you think was productivity versus pricing mix leverage just to help us understand that sustainability question going forward.
Ted Crandall: I would say productivity was probably the single largest item in the quarter, although we did get a favorable kiss from both organic sales growth. We have this favorable mix year over year. It’s probably about half a point. On the productivity, we’ve talked about this a little bit in the past. We have a very well established and ongoing productivity program in the company and it includes our strategic sourcing efforts, a continuous focus on improved manufacturing and labor utilization, product and process cost reductions and all of that consistent with implementing lean and six sigma business processes.  In the second half of last year, we stepped up our productivity goals, thinking that we might face more difficult macro conditions this year. And we’ve had success across both segments driving higher productivity, but with particularly strong productivity improvement in Control Products and Solutions. We talked last quarter about restructuring actions in CP&S, in the second half of last year. Those are showing up now as higher margins, particularly in our Solutions and Services business. As I said, we expect this to be above average year for productivity improvement.
Steven Winoker: Where do you take R&D?
Ted Crandall: R&D is up year over year, but I would say the increase right now is relatively modest. That is a timing issue. I think you’re going to see that. That will pick up for us in the second half.
Keith Nosbusch: That’s what I was just going to say. That is one of the areas that we’ve been slower with the ramp up simply because of availability and it’s going to be part of that 4% growth in the second half that Ted mentioned earlier.
Steven Winoker: Okay, great. And just lastly Keith, maybe talk a little bit more about the competitive dynamics and process. You talked about the currency impact, but further to that, it sounds like your commentary you think you’re gaining share still relative to even if we just compare to the Europeans or others. How are you thinking about your share moves progressing?
Keith Nosbusch: We believe we continue to gain share in the process space. Obviously it’s an area that we did not compete with the breadth of our portfolio historically. So it’s a new area for us. It’s been the biggest growth in our serve markets over the last couple of years. And we still see process as one of the better opportunities and areas for us to drive revenue growth. So the majority of that quite frankly, is going to be, we have to take share. The market, we have to be growing above the market growth rates here and that means we are going to have to take share. We think the best opportunities for us to take share are in the batch hybrid space and then in certain applications in the heavy industries that we are focused on in oil and gas, in Pulp and Paper, in metals and now chemicals is a better area.  We’ve identified specific applications, specific geographies that we can continue to make inroads with the modern DCS approach that we take with our portfolio. We think we have some competitive differentiation. We think our plant-wide optimization message is critical for helping customers drive cost and global competitiveness and cost efficiencies and productivity. We have a very targeted approach for where we are looking at it and there’s a large legacy install base that we also have focused on to be able to update and upgrade because of the fact that those legacy systems are no longer supported or available from the original manufactures. We have a very broad, but yet focused initiative here to drive that growth. And we still believe that it’s an area that while the timetable has stretched out, our goal continues to be to double that business that we had as of 2012. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, thanks and thanks again Rondi for all the help. In terms of European demand, I think one of your competitors had sounded pretty good about Europe improving in general in the industry business a few days ago. I don’t think you had mentioned some of the OEMs obviously getting a boost from the currency. I just wondered underlying sort of fundamentals beyond just some of those export OEMs, are you seeing a genuine increase in the pace of order intake in Europe?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. We have seen some improvement in the outlook in Europe in our front-logs. We see that the major areas that we see the improvements would be in the Home and Personal Care markets. The Life Sciences markets have been growing there for us as well. And then also if you take very isolated countries or locations, we’ve seen some growth in metals and some growth in the water Wastewater area, as well as part of it. That continues to be an area that we see growth opportunities and consumer is a space that continues to develop and continues to create opportunities for modernization in I’ll say mature Europe. And then in the emerging Europe that’s where we have seen some of the higher growth opportunities. And in fact emerging Europe grew at a faster rate for us this last quarter than Western Europe. A couple of good industries, a couple of good countries and yet a more positive view of the economy there than certainly six, 12 months ago.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks and then just one last one on the margin outlook. Ted, I think you’d called out mix was around 50 bps helped margins in Q2. I think in Q1 it was also a decent drive up, particularly in CP&S of the margin. Just wondering in your second half outlook on margins, what are you -- are you assuming mix is flattish, or still should be pretty favorable?
Ted Crandall: I think mix is going to -- it will certainly be less favorable than the first half because we’ll get that traditional significant jump up in solutions and services sales, particularly in Q4. And as we said, we are expecting better growth in solutions and services in the second half. I think we are going to have a little bit of mix headwind, but my expectation is the volume leverage should make up for that.
Julian Mitchell: That’s great. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Before we go to our last caller, this is Rondi, I just want make a couple of comments. I’m not sure that we got this out, but I want to make sure that we are clear about our revised expectations for oil and gas for the full year. We think it could be up to 10% down as implied at the midpoint of our guidance. And then if you back engineer second half, that’s probably down something like mid-teens. And so I just want to make sure we get that out. The other thing I just wanted to say a few words quickly before we go to the last caller, since this is the last call that I’ll be participating in, I’ll take a little bit of license here, but I just want to say that it’s certainly been a privilege to represent such a great company to the investing community. I feel really lucky that Ted asked me to do this job seven years ago. I’ve often said that I think I have the best job in finance. Now I’m going to cry. I’ve learned a ton. I’ve really enjoyed working with all of you and I appreciate all the best wishes. With that, I think we’ll just take the last call.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical research
Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you very much. Well, we don’t want to make you cry Rondi, but hopefully we are making you blush a little bit. You’ve done a great job. You deserve it. Thank you for taking the last call. Ted, I just wanted to come back. Obviously, perhaps not obviously, but I think the biggest surprise for everyone is the margins this quarter. And it is very difficult from the outside looking in to get our head around productivity and how to model that and that’s always going to be the case for sure. I guess really my question is; as you said you’re pretty comfortable at 30% to 40% incrementals on 4% to 6% organic growth, but how do we think about what you have left in productivity tank if we really are stuck at, pick a number two or three. Where does the incrementals want to go in that type of environment?
Ted Crandall: Sure. So I think that’s a fair – Jeff, I think your question is beyond fiscal 2015.
Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research: Yeah, beyond fiscal 2015. Correct.
Ted Crandall: I think you’re absolutely right. Look, if we start to operate in an organic growth mode of 2% to 3%, it will be difficult for us to drive incrementals that are in that 30% to 35% range. And part of the reason it will be difficult is it will be more difficult to drive higher levels of productivity.
Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research: Yeah, it makes sense. Could you also give -- it’s interesting, we didn’t get many oil and gas questions. So Rondi, thanks for jumping on with that. It’s like, wow, this whole debate is over. Let’s move on to the next thing. I was interested in what you were actually seeing in OpEx versus CapEx. We’ve heard from a lot of companies that OpEx is getting slashed very dramatically because it’s what people can cut quickly. Are you seeing that type of behavior? A little bit of color on what you can see in the forward CapEx budgets versus the near term behavior of your customers.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so Jeff I think the first thing I would say is our actual visibility into what exactly is CapEx and OpEx is not great, but the larger declines and the earlier declines we have seen have come more on the solutions and services part of our business than in the product part of our business, which I think would cause us to conclude that so far it has been more about CapEx and not as much about OpEx.
Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research: That’s really interesting. And then just finally on the FX question, so really your guide now at $0.40 puts your FX conversion margin at your average margin roughly speaking. You were anticipating it to be – so you thought it was going to be worse than typical and we’ve ended with the typical result.
Ted Crandall: That’s correct. Frankly, our guidance last quarter was somewhat colored by a less favorable result in Q1.
Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research: Yeah. Okay, thank you for squeezing me in. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Take care.
A - Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay Mark, I think you can go ahead and conclude the call.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ted Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle. Please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Dan. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings release conference call. With me today as always are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the Company's performance in the first quarter and some contexts around everybody's outlook for fiscal '15 then Ted will provide more details on the results as well as sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always we take questions at the end of Ted's remark. We expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. We hope those of you in the Northeast have weather the storm okay. I’ll start with the highlights for the quarter, so please turn to page three in the slide deck. We had a good start to the year with 2% organic sales growth in the quarter. This was better than we expected given the strong sales last year in Q1 and especially giving the low backlog in solution and servicing at the beginning of the quarter. I’ll start with some color on the top line. Architecture & Software delivered its six straight quarter of at least 5% organic growth, our investments there are paying off. Logic sales were up 7% in the quarter, so back to more normal expected relationship. The Logic sales exceeding the segment average and we continued to see traction with our mid-range portfolio. It’s not on the chart, but our process business grew 4% in the quarter. Latin America was a standout region with 18% growth. Brazil and Mexico continued to grow about 10% and we saw even higher rates of growth in selected other countries in the region. Our team there is executing very well and I congratulate them on an outstanding quarter. We expect Latin America to be our highest growth region this year and they are off to a great start. Ted will provide additional color on the other region’s performance. Operation margin EPS growth and free cash flow were all very strong in the quarter, so all in all that was a very good start to the fiscal year. Let’s move on to the macro environment. One of the big changes since I talk in November is a continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar against a broad basket of currencies. At current rates, we are facing a significantly larger sales headwind then we originally expected. Ted will provide more detail regarding currency impacts in his remarks. As it relates to underlying market condition with the exception of oil and gas, things haven’t changed much at all. The U.S. continuously demonstrating strength, we are watching EMEA closely as we deal with geopolitical and economic challenges, but we aren’t expecting any significant change in market conditions there. In Asia, things are looking better in India and a bit softer in China. Despite lower commodity prices, we expect to see continue growth in Latin American markets. Regarding vertical markets, generally we’re seeing continued healthy investment in consumer verticals and transportation. In heavy industries, we’re expecting mix market conditions for relative stability overall, however there is obviously a good deal of noise related to oil and gas. Just like other suppliers, the oil and gas industry, we are trying to understand the near-term and longer term implications of the rapid decline in the price of oil. We did not see any negative impact to our business in Q1 and our front log [ph] in oil and gas is stable. Most of our oil and gas customers had not yet declared their capital spending plans for calendar 2015, a lot of that will become public in the next several weeks. But at this point, here is out view. There will be a negative impact on CapEx investment due to the lower price of oil, but the timing of spending cuts is harder to predict. We think oil and gas customers are likely to complete large projects already underway and proceed with those they consider strategic. Generally this industry takes a longer-term view of their CapEx investments. Any negative impact on spending will likely be more significant in exploration especially for unconventional sources. We expect to see some shift in spending from large projects in exploration to smaller productivity improvement projects in production similar to what we’ve experienced in the mining industry over the past couple of years. Lastly, we think midstream and downstream investments are likely to be sustained. Taking all of this into consideration, we see modest risk to our previous sales outlook for fiscal ’15 related to lower oil prices. With all of that said, let’s move on to our updated outlook for fiscal ’15. Our most GDP and industrial product forecast continue to call for stable growth in 2015. We are incorporating the more significant headwind from a stronger dollar and the anticipated impact of lower oil prices into our revised outlook. For full year sales, we’re increasing the currency headwind by almost three points and lowering the top end of our organic growth guidance of 6.5% to 5.5% while these results in a preferred change to the top line, the midpoint for EPS guidance in only $0.10 lower. We now expect fiscal 2015 reported sales of about $6.6 billion with organic growth in the range of 2.5% to 5.5% and adjusted EPS of $6.50 to $6.80. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. So to wrap up, Q1 was a very good start to the year, even though I’ve talked a lot about oil and gas here, it is only 12% of sales. In fact, the oil prices remain low, we expect to see some benefit in our other verticals especially consumer, which is sweet spot for Rockwell Automation. We’ve remained excited about the opportunities we see in consumer and automotive in process with OEMs and to the connected enterprise. We continue to invest in all of these areas. Our revenue diversification works and we’re executing very well across the globe. I want to thank our employees, suppliers and partners for their dedication in expertise and continually expanding the value we provide to our customers and shareholders. Now, I’ll turn it over to Ted. Ted?
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith and good morning everyone. I’ll start with page four, first quarter key financial information. Sales in the quarter were $1.574 billion, 1.1% lower than Q1 last year. Organic sales growth as Keith mentioned was 2.1%, a current translation reduced sales in the quarter by 3.4 points. Segment operating margin was very strong at 22%, up 140 basis points from Q1 last year, despite the small sales decline. The year-over-year margin increase was primarily due to the higher organic sales, favorable mix and a strong productivity quarter, partially offset by a modest increase in spending. General corporate net expense was $23 million in Q1, up about $1 million compared to a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.64, up $0.17 or 12% compared to the first quarter of last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 26% compared to 27.8% in Q1 last year. The 26% adjust effective rate in Q1 reflects the retroactive extension of the U.S. R&D tax credit for calendar year 2014. Free cash flow for Q1 was $233 million, a very good result for the first quarter and strong start for the year. Free cash flow conversion on adjusted income was 103% in Q1. Our trailing four quarter return on invested capital was 30.1%. There were couple of items not shown here. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $136.9 million that’s down about 2.5% compared to last year. And during the first quarter, we’ve repurchased 1.55 million shares at a cost of about $167 million. At the end of the quarter, we had 884 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. The next two slides presents the sales and operating margin performance of each segment, I’ll start with the Architecture & Software segment on page five. On the left side of this chart, you can see that Architecture & Software segment sales were $708 million in Q1 an increase of 1.7% compared to Q1 last year. Organic growth was 5.1%. Moving to the right side of the chart, on 5.1% organic growth A&S margins were 31.3% up 90 basis points compared to Q1 last year. With the improved margin primarily due to the higher organic sales and a good productivity quarter. Now turning to page six, a similar view for the Control Products & Solutions segment. In the first quarter, Control Products & Solutions segment sales were down 3.3% year-over-year and essentially flat year-over-year on an organic basis. Organic growth for product sales in the segment was a solid 3.3%. Solutions and services sales were down 2.8% organically. That was actually a bit better than we expected given the low starting backlog. The book-to-bill in Q1 for solutions and services was 1.13 that’s pretty healthy and starts to rebuild the backlog that we need to drive growth in the balance of this year in this part of our business. CP&S delivered very good operating margin in Q1 at 14.5%, up 150 basis points compared to last year, despite the decline in reported sales. The earnings conversion on the negative currency impact was modest in this segment. Mix was somewhat favorable. Project margins were better in the solutions and services businesses and that was particularly strong productivity quarter. Page seven, provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter. The organic sales growth in Q1 was driven largely by Latin America with Canada and Asia Pacific also contributing. The U.S. was flat year-over-year in Q1 with 3% growth than the product businesses and a 4% decline in the solutions and services businesses. The decline in solutions and services was expected and consistent with our comments last year regarding a low beginning backlog. The underlying market in the U.S. remains very healthy and that was reflected an orders growth in the U.S. in the mid-single digits. Canada saw 8% growth that was partly about project timing and an easy comparison in the last year. But with the exception of the Oil Sands, we’re seeing some pickup in most other markets in Canada. EMEA was down 1% organically, it was somewhat unusual quarter for the region in that sales and Western Europe were actually up 1.6%. However that was more than offset by declines in emerging countries particularly South Africa and to a lesser extent Turkey and Russia. Asia Pacific was up 2.9%, growth was pretty broad based across the region with the exception of China which was down 2%. I would attribute the decline in China more to project timing than any change in underlying market conditions. China orders in the quarter were up mid-single digit. India organic growth in Q1 was 9%, so we continue to see improvement in that market. Keith already talked about Latin America, so I’ll close out this slide, I’ll just add that overall for emerging markets, organic growth was 4.4% and that obviously led by Latin America. And that takes us to the fiscal year ’15 guidance slide. As Keith mentioned, we’re revising our full year guidance. We’re reducing full year sales guidance primarily to reflect a much more significant headwind from currency and to a lesser step, less optimism about the high end of the sales range. We’re dropping the high end of the sales range primarily due to the very significant decline in oil prices, but also because we’re continuing to see forecasts for IT and GDP be revised downward in most regions although the forecast still call for growth in 2015 that’s similar to 2014. Our previous guidance call for reported sales of approximately 6.8 billion at the midpoint, in the original guidance, we expected currency to reduce sales by 1.8 points and we expect organic growth of 2.5% to 6.5%. Now for the full year, because the dollar is continued to appreciate against the broad basket of currencies, we expect currency to reduce sales by 4.5 points. That difference in currency impact from previous to current guidance results in a reduction and reported sales for the full year of about $180 million. We’re also reducing the high end of organic growth from 6.5% to 5.5%. We’re maintaining the low end of organic growth to 2.5% that will drop organic growth at the midpoint by 1.5 point. We’re revising EPS guidance from the previous 655 to 695 to a new range of $6.50 to $6.80. From the old to the new midpoint, EPS will be down by $0.10, that’s a very modest EPS decline on a roughly $200 million sales decline coupling the currency impact and the organic sales change. In part based on our performance in Q1, we now expect slightly higher operating margins for the full year about 20 basis points, but still about 21%. We’re projecting an adjusted effective tax rate of 26.5%, half a point lower than previous guidance and largely due to the R&D tax credit. We didn’t plan on the extension of the R&D credit in the original guidance. Those factors allow us to absorb a pretty large drop in the sales guidance with a relatively small impact on EPS. We continue to expect converted by 100% of net come to free cash flow and that’s couple of items not shown here, we continue to expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $80 million for the full year and we continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 136 million for the full year. The last slide is a walk for adjusted EPS from the previous to the revise guidance midpoint. Starting on the last slide, the previous guidance for adjusted EPS midpoint was $6.75. The big change as you can see here is currency compared to prior guidance with the additional top line translation headwind of a 180 million. All in, we expect a related earnings impact to reduce adjusted EPS by about $0.25. A little higher operating market is more than offsetting the impact of a half point lower organic sales growth at the new midpoint and the net effect adds about $0.09 to quarter. Lower tax rate and share counts add an additional $0.06 compared to prior guidance that gets us to the new midpoint of $6.65. And with that I’ll turn it over to Rondi to begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great, that said, before we start the Q&A, just look at the list, we have quite few callers and that few I know we’re not going to be able to get everyone, but I guess in the spirit of trying to get to as many as possible if you can you know letting yourself to a question and one follow-up that would be great. We appreciate your cooperating on that and so let’s take our first question.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of John Inch, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John G. Inch: Thank you, good morning everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, John.
John G. Inch: Good morning. We start with Canada, I know it’s relatively higher proportionate exposure for Rockwell. How much of the $0.25, Ted, is Canadian dollar? Let’s start there.
Ted Crandall: I would say probably about a quarter of it.
John G. Inch: Okay.
Ted Crandall: A large as you would expect the largest impact we have from currency is from the euro and depending on whether you talk about the full year or the quarter of the balance of the year, the euro accounts generally for more than half of the impact.
John G. Inch: You know greater called out transaction exposure in Canada, do you have that in other words, are you selling Canadian customers U.S. made product that’s going to create for perspective margin headwinds, just again trying to be somewhat proactive in the through process?
Keith Nosbusch: Well it cuts both legs and then we do have transaction exposure in Canada because we manufacture around the globe and selling to Canada, but we also manufacture in Canada and export to the rest of the world. So we’ve got some natural hedge, we do have some transaction exposure and we hedge that.
John G. Inch: Okay, the other question I had was just automotive powertrain, I know you guys are making a lot of head growth into that arena, what point do you think we might actually, maybe this question for Keith, started actually realize some sales from the powertrain, start for orders you’d be talking about because right now the popular view is your auto business is peaked but in theory you’ve got two - you know you got another 50% of the market that you just beginning to tab?
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, John, I would say we’ve had limited success only because - at this point only because these are projects that are lawn in the planning stage and we just started a little over a year ago in the - I’ll say in the pursuit. So we’re seeing that the backlog on powertain opportunities increase, we don’t have a lot of booked orders at this point in time. I would say that we should see an increase as we go through this year with a stronger outlook in the next three - two to three years with respect to strictly the powertrain segment of automotive.
John G. Inch: Just last, you guys are sitting on the most over capitalized balance sheet maybe next to ITT, I realize you are buying incrementally more shares but what are your thoughts toward somehow stepping mess up in some manner through other financial leverage or some other actions to return more cash to shareholders? Thank you.
Ted Crandall: But John, we’ve had a lot of conversations about this in the last couple of years and as part of that talked about cash balances and where they are. I think we’ve been very consistent in our cash deployment philosophy or expectation is that we will continue to exhaust free cash flow each after organic growth funding and acquisitions and return the balance to shareholders. Last year, you know we did a little bit more than that because of the strong cash flow year. This year we’ve got north to start that is in pace of brought back you know given that we will - it’s possible that we won that spending a little more than that this year. But I don’t think we are fundamentally changed our approach.
John G. Inch: Got it, thank you.
Ted Crandall: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you, John. We have another question for you. This one is from the line Scott Davis of Barclays. Please go ahead Scott.
Scott R. Davis: Hi, good morning, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Scott.
Scott R. Davis: Can you help us understand, I mean I am picturing a scenario where it seems is calls other people are going to say that you are not being conservative in oil and the impact. I mean, can you give us a sense of what you’ve learned in mining and what the parallels are here as far as how fast things can ramp down and how you mentioned in your prepared remarks, how project can gravitate. But help us understand and maybe a first point to start is, give us a sense of where mining when peak the trough for you guys and where you see some parallels in oil?
Keith Nosbusch: Well I think the parallels are more along the lines of that new investments in expansion is the area that gets impacted first and obviously they were rising commodity prices when there were a lot of process going on and the commodities pricing was going up mainly driven by the China growth. And I think that we’ve seen in mining and what we think is in parallel is the major projects that were going on were not stopped, those continued to move through to conclusion. And as those were moving through what we saw was a decline in new investments in new capacity and a switch of that to more including productivity and taking cost out of their existing operations. And they were doing that obviously because the prices were going as opposed to prices going up and you can sell everything you can mine. And so I would say those were the learnings and I think the other thing that we feel is similar is that both of these industries take a long term view of their investments, a mine is plan to run generally for decades and oil depending upon the magnitude the field is also for decades. So it’s not a decision they take are literally or capriciously based upon a short term swing in the price of oil - in the price of whatever the commodity is. In this case, obviously there has been a dramatic drop in about six months. So I think the important thing in here is I won’t say we’re not being aggressive in our beliefs here. I don’t think that final card has been placed to understand what’s going on in the market yet. You know very few companies have come out with their CapEx guidance. I think we’ve seen one of the major oil company so far. I think we’ve seen some oil services company respond, but we need to at least wait until we get a little more insight before we’re making calls in this industry and I just think it’s still too early to say anything more than we have at this point in time. So we’re obviously monitoring it. But to your point, in mining what we say was a 15% decline over two years, so that gives you a little bit of a scale of what is possibly ahead of us in oil, but we just feel at this point, it’s too early to make that call given that CapEx budgets haven’t been outlined and secondly it takes time, it takes time for these decisions to ripple through organization, they don’t happen in the same day, the same week, the same month that the decisions are made. So they have to prioritize, they have to recalibrate, they have to reevaluate and then come up with the new list and how that impacts us, we’ll not be knowing for a meaningful down the road. So we’re trying to keep it write down the middle of the fair way here and call it by what we’re seeing today and to your point, we making it a little bit to experiences that we’ve had in and perhaps a similar industry of mining.
Scott R. Davis: And I think people on this call it down 15 of two years of victory, but so I hope that happens, but anyway I just wanted to ask a quick follow-up on currency in competition. You know you guys have done really well with the machine builders in Europe for probably ten years, but this is a different level of yen for the Japanese competitors and clearly depend level for euro. But have things change to the point where you have such a fantastic relationship with the OE builders that somebody coming in at 5% or 10% lower price is not enough to get on the switch or is it still somewhat of aggressive, you know a more commoditize product?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I don’t think it’s a more commoditize product, I certainly don’t feel that’s the core of our business quite frankly. But that the issue is more around machine cycles than it is around price. With OEMs, the important thing and what we’ve been working on over the last decade is how do we get in the design cycles and how do we validate our differentiation that enables them to get better machine performance utilizing our technology. And at the end of the day, it’s that combination that is more important than strictly a short term price based upon currency fluctuations which obviously moving both directions at some point in time. So I think it’s about creating that value and creating that differentiation to enable us to build the loyalty and the confidence that we are the best solution for them and not have to be 5% to 10% price up - on upfront cost advantage because it really is all about the total lifecycle cost for the end users and that’s where the bigger emphasis is placed.
Ted Crandall: Scott, I think that the price that was talked about previously is you know historically we have not seen a lot of changes in price dynamics and price behavior associated with currency changes and we’ve had a lot of discussion about that over the last couple of years as it relates to the yen. You know our global supply chain isn’t perfectly balanced but it’s certainly not like we build everything that we manufacture in the United States. And most of our major competitors have a similarly global supply chain. And so I think that’s partly the reason that you don’t see big changes in pricing behaviors consequence of the currency changes.
Scott R. Davis: It’s very helpful. Good luck guys, best of luck this year.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you, Scott. We have another question for you. This comes from Steve Tusa of JP Morgan. Please go ahead Steve.
Stephen Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: So can I just ask you what do you assuming now for oil and gas growth this year?
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so I mean maybe the easiest thing is to think about it as, we’re expecting no growth at midpoint.
Stephen Tusa: Okay, no growth in oil and gas at the midpoint, okay. And within that I guess you know what do you guys looking for over the next couple of weeks as far as what should we be watching and looking for when it comes to these CapEx budget, I mean is there specific sliver at the market that you guys are more focused on, you said you’re looking for another turn of the cards, just curious just to you know maybe a little more detail on and maybe were you most worried or where you think you have the best change of stability and what the cap for over the next month or so.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, first half, it’s just the magnitude of their CapEx reductions. I think that’s the first test period. And then it goes back to okay, so how does that - how does that really play out against the different applications and the different segments of the market. And certainly, we’re more exposed to upstream and so that would be our greatest concern. If a lion share of that reduction was targeted in the upstream, we certainly think there is opportunities to continue to improve the productivity of well, so we believe that as they move to OpEx in upstream that is beneficial for us and would be helpful as an offset to the new well drilling and then the split between unconventional and conventional spending and how they are seeing the impact of the lower prices and the stock of oil.
Stephen Tusa: Got it and so clearly the solution to book-to-bill, you are saying you are seeing really any unusually behavior from your customers?
Ted Crandall: That would fair, we haven’t seen any at this point.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, I think that was the Q1 takeaway, we have no change.
Ted Crandall: And Steve to your question about then the announcement will come up in the next couple of weeks, we’re key started, I think what we get a better picture for is the magnitude of expected cuts. I suspect what was still be a little bit uncertain is the timing of that and all that based on experiences, it’s going to take a little longer to implement those cuts then some others might be expecting.
Stephen Tusa: And will this be like the big guys or you know like the Exxon to the world or is it mostly you know is it really broad based.
Keith Nosbusch: It’s yes, it’s very broad based because, today our business is you know with majors but also with the NOCs and also with the Tier-2s given the magnitude of unconventional, a lot of that has been driven by Tier-2s. So it really is across all the spectrum of the industry which as you have known has grown pretty dramatically, so with the advent of unconventional. So we would look at it in each one of those segments and then look at our exposure into those segments and our front lot against those segments and then have a better feel. And obviously when I am taking upstream, we’re move heavily into production then we are into exploration. So that’s the other split. And we think the safest area quite frankly is downstream where all of this low cost oil and gas is going to flow into the chemicals and petrochemicals market and while that at this point is a smaller segment of our total sales. It’s an area that we feel we’ll be state the most stable for the longest period of time going forward. So we think that is where the opportunities can remain and can grow even if there is a reduction in the upstream segment. So it’s a complex market that has many different variables and that’s why we’re going to - we need to evaluate each one of those as we get more influence.
Stephen Tusa: One last question, any impact on that, your margins were very strong and the growth in emerging markets are strong and several years ago that was headwind. Any impact from you know, did the movements in foreign exchange on your margin because the margins are just absolutely blowout this quarter very strong when this expected with the growth in Latin America and Canada, so any impact from hedges or like that on the margins in the quarter?
Ted Crandall: I would say, I mean that you are saying any significant favorable impacting. Answer is no. Actually currency in the quarter probably converted a little bit more negatively than what we expect is average conversion.
Stephen Tusa: Great execution.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you, Steve. We have another question for you. This comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Keith, just on the comments that oil and gas being 12%, is that all away through the entire complex down through petrochemicals or is there you know you kind of stopping at on refining when you say that. Can you just put fine point on kind of whole complex?
Keith Nosbusch: Absolutely, my comment would be, mainly the 12% is oil and gas, we would put chemical at about 4% about sales.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay, thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: And that would include petrochemical.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right, what do you think you know kind of describes the serves that you saw in the quarter on kind of the low starting backlogs and you know is there some kind of budget flush or something else going on that this seems the - you know that in fact happens?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I don’t think there was any budge flush quite frankly that I think some of it was project timing. I think as always we get the - you know you get the quarterly what gets in and what gets pushed out. And I think what we did see and what we did talk about at the end of our Q4 was there were a lot of push outs and delays in the solutions business and we definitely saw a return to a much more normal end of the year. And that probably more than the budge flush though process is what turned it a little more positive for us and - in that category.
Jeffrey Sprague: And on the outlook for oil and gas, there is kind of a wait really a little bit more clarity of what the customers are actually going to do. Is there you know kind of prevented or predictive draw out in distribution that starting to happen or that’s not even underway either?
Keith Nosbusch: No, we’ve seen - there has been no draw down. Our outgoing flow is as you know we basically match our distributors shipments with our deliberates and we’re not seeing any deviation at this point in time in anticipation of any future activities.
Jeffrey Sprague: And this another quick one. I think last time you know I mean is up 18 right with Brazil and Mexico of 10, I would imagine those are 75% or 80% of lifetime. So how do you get up, I mean what was up 100% or some crazy number in Latin America?
Keith Nosbusch: Well the two of those are generally about two thirds, so a little less than what you’re talking about. But if you remember probably one of the biggest that the biggest differences was Argentina which a year ago was pretty much shutdown for us anyways and we’re now back to a more I’d say stable environment that could change at any time. But in our entire first quarter that was probably were the biggest doubt that came. And then we also had some Central American activities that were stronger and the Andean Regions are Chili was another benefit and that’s a little bit back an earlier commentary around mining, mining was very weak in Chili last year and we’re starting to see some of the operation OpEx spending that’s kicking in as opposed to pure CapEx. So I would put it into those two to three countries.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, thank you for that color, I appreciate it.
Keith Nosbusch: You are welcome Jeff.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Jeff. We have another for you. It’s coming from the line of [indiscernible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst.: Good morning, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Shawn.
Unidentified Analyst.: Hey, Keith maybe can you dig in a little bit more in terms of these you know the pickup in investment you are seeing in the consumer industries and you know are these capacity investments are the new product related or technology migrations, I mean you know it seems like you are probably seeing a pickup there the cycle and just maybe a little more color on what types of things you are seeing?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think with the consumer industries, it’s always dependent upon the regions that we’re seeing it. And basically you can think of everything in emerging market is new investment particularly as far as developing, I’ll call it more sophisticated manufacturing processes in particular with domestic in suppliers. Take China as the primary example, you all know that they’ve had a food scares, so that they are going to much more rigger in their internal processes and that requires automation investments. We also know that they are continuing to expand capacity in their food sector as the middleclass continues to grow which is the other driven in the immerging markets and that’s not just China that would be Latin America, Mexico as well. So I would put a lot of it into that space in immerging. In the mature economies I think the majority of it is continued drive for cost reduction and productivity and out of that they also get some capacity expansion. But generally speaking, it’s more along the lines to reduce cost and to be able to continue to drive higher levels of productivity. And really as always in the mature markets, packaging styles change and whether it’s the materials used or how they do printing on them or the size of the package, it’s a little bit like the automotive industry where you have model change years even though you don’t have capital spending - you don’t have a lot of increase in new card sales, they just have to modernize their portfolio. And in consumer industry, it’s a lot of times around the packaging that is very similar to the styling of cards. And so they have to buy new packaging lines, take advantage of new technology, so I would say that’s what we see more in the matured markets.
Unidentified Analyst.: Okay, great, that’s really helpful. And then Ted, maybe you know free cash flow was up around I think 30% year-over-year and the buyback was up about 50, I mean any reason you know either of those were elevated in the quarter and why they would moderate from what happened in 1Q?
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I mean on the cash flow, I’d say quarter-to-quarter, there are a lot timing issues just about you know things like payables and receivable cutoff dates and also timing of tax payment. So I think we’re off to a good start but we’re not really changing forecast for cash flow at this point. On the repurchases side, you know we’re facing a significant drop in the price in October from the time previous to that and under a 10b5-1 plan; we bought very aggressively with the drop in price. As the drop in price continue to end at November and December, we continue to buy what I would call above average rate and so I think that explains that the first quarter repurchases.
Unidentified Analyst.: Okay, great, thanks a lot guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you. This comes from Andrew Obin of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question you know you were talking about expanding capacity of logics you know adding sales people in the Gulf region, what are these capacity expansion plans are right now given decline market dynamic?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we continue to see a - I am assuming when you are talking about oil and gas in the Middle East.
Andrew Obin: Yeah.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, we’ll continue to see a project activity there. The Middle East is probably got the lowest cost conventional oil and I think you’ve also seen most of those countries say they are going to keep pumping because of that. So we’re not seeing any change, we also continue to see the activities going on with respect to metals in the Middle East region. So I would at this point in that region, we’re not sensing any change in their current plans.
Andrew Obin: I think I was also refurnishing the Gulf of Mexico as well because you guys are pretty optimist think about the dealt out there?
Keith Nosbusch: I am sorry, I misunderstood the gulf. Okay.
Andrew Obin: Hey I am Russian, it’s not my first language.
Keith Nosbusch: That’s fair enough, but it might my ears too. With the Gulf, we have not seen at this point any change in the activities there. A lot the Gulf is - we’re not a lot but a significant portion of the Gulf is Mexico production, it’s obviously very important to their economy. And I think we’ll see a bunch of that continue as the - as we see that some of the majors determine what’s going to happen with their CapEx. I think the question in the Gulf is, some of the modernization and some of our comments about the modernization of those wells and the ongoing expansion could be at risk going forward. And really most of our previous comments on the Gulf were what would happen along the Gulf of the U.S. We were very - not very, we were more positive about the downstream activities and the impact on the Gulf of Mexico, U.S. region which was really about the chemical and petrochemical industry and we still feel bullish about that. We think those investments will continue to go forward, they are building the ethylene crackers, they are building the new ammonia and other chemical plants. And we see that is continuing basically because of the ongoing cost their input cost if anything have gotten better over the last six months than they were previously. So I now remember the questions around the Gulf and it was really the Gulf region of the U.S and we invigoration of the chemical, petrochemical industry in the Texas, Louisiana area and we still see that as a growth opportunity for Rockwell Automation.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question. You know I think the big day among our clients is what happens to North American energy production in 2017. When you talk to your customers the initial conversation, what do you think the prevailing view, do you think the low energy price kills the growth in North American production beyond 2016 or do you think the view is that somehow technology and engineering prevails in North America continues to grow its production?
Keith Nosbusch: I would say in 2017, is a long time out for predictions with respect to the energy market. But I think the one thing that has probably proving now overtime is technology works and the U.S. is probably the most innovative technology country when it comes to oil and gas. So I would never count that dimension out. But I just can’t forecast two years out.
Ted Crandall: I also think - I also think at least at this point most of our customers and don’t think this is a prediction for Rockwell but if it goes to our customers, don’t expect oil price is to say 50 bucks a gallon or 50 bucks a barrel, certainly for two years.
Andrew Obin: I really appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Keith Nosbusch: You’re welcome. Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you, Andrew. We have another question for you. This comes from Nigel Coe at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys, good morning. Fed and then Keith, you brought some pretty good 1Q color, I hope - I think the 1Q color was more in line because of the softer book-to-bill during 4Q. But I am wondering, anything standard for 2Q which is better minded, Ted?
Ted Crandall: Maybe the only think I would say about the second quarter is you know it’s very normal for us to see a sequential sales and EPS decline when we move from Q1 to Q2. And this Q1 we have told you we thought was a particularly strong earnings quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that’s - but you’d expect organic to accelerate from 1Q levels?
Ted Crandall: What we certainly in the balance of the year, we’re expecting higher rates of organic growth in the remaining nine months that in Q1.
Nigel Coe: Okay, now that’s helpful. And then follow-on question, you know I think the relative mining is a good one and you mentioned Keith that mining was down you know picking up for the two years and I am wondering you know over that period, did the pricing holdup and then that did you margins in mining holdup as well?
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, so I think we did not see any meaningful change in margins in the mining industry over those years. I think the projects become more competitive. But in general, that’s why we have to continue to drive productivity.
Ted Crandall: I think Nigel we even think that happens is as you might expect. As we start to see the larger project going away which is the larger projects generally tend to be lower margin and more smaller productivity related projects coming in and moreover activity. In some respects, we actually see a little bit of margin benefit.
Nigel Coe: Okay and that’s we are seeing right now in the - you mentioned actually that’s more OpEx driven?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, that is correct.
Nigel Coe: Okay and then just the final one, we think sometime think of Latin and Canada as resources markets, currently you are seeing down there, is that primarily within oil and gas in resources, so is it broader than that?
Ted Crandall: I say much broader, I mean in Canada right now, we’re seeing significant weakness as you would expect and Alberta with the oil sands, we’re seeing some improvement in other markets in Canada, consumer, automotive, primarily in the Eastern part of the country and Latin America, you know our growth in the quarter and I’d say for last couple of years has been pretty broad based especially in Mexico and Brazil. In Mexico, we’re seeing great growth consumer and transportation. In Brazil, you know transportation not as great, the consumer has been pretty good in additions of the resource based industries.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And we have another question for you. This comes from Steven Winoker from Bernstein. Please go ahead, Steven.
Steven Winoker: Thanks, good morning. Could you maybe talk a little bit about lot of your peers are attacking their cost structures right now with significant restructuring and they are currently putting up mid-single digit organic growth, they see a global environment that not to similar to what you just described in terms of those international challenges anyway. But maybe just help us think through a little bit about how you are thinking about sensitivities and reaction time right now given the uncertainty at least that’s not weakness outside the U.S. and Argentina and Canada?
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so Steve, this is Ted. You know last year, especially with what we’re seeing is the slowdown in our solutions and services businesses, we started the kind of adjust the cost structure in those businesses and we took some restructuring action in the second of the year and some charges in the fourth quarter to facilitate that. And there just one other reason we’re driving the levels of productivity that you saw in the first quarter. So we think we got a little bit ahead of that with the outlook we have for the balance of this, we don’t think we require any additional large restructuring actions, but obviously we’ll continue to monitor that and conditions to material way, we’ll make the appropriate adjustments to our cost structure.
Steven Winoker: Ted on that, you know you talked a little bit about GDP in IPI forecasts weakening as well locally, maybe some sense on the sensitivity around that, so when you say you know much weakening from here, I mean how well do you think you are protected, is it just sort of you know miles deceleration from here that you could handle a flat or the absence of growth or have to be something much more than that?
Ted Crandall: Well, I mean obviously we got roughly 1.5% to 2% decline from our midpoint, that was reflected, you can see the earnings impact, that is reflected in that low end of the guidance range. And I would say impart, our assumption is that also reflect some cost actions we would take if we saw sales coming in at that level. You know things deteriorate beyond that would be in kind of new booking.
Steven Winoker: Okay, alright. And then just a second question on process and your progress interaction on that front. In this environment, are you seeing any further reduced opportunities in terms of your ability to penetrate new customers and new project opportunities, is that as your - is the environment changing and so we be thinking about growth here differently?
Keith Nosbusch: No, I think you know we saw 4% growth in process in Q1, we think that is a good growth in this current environment. It’s obviously improved from where we were at the end of last year. And we do - we did lower process growth for the full year, so we were in the mid to high single digits, we are now in the mid-single digit. So we’re little lower about one to two points lower. So our outlook is a little less or bullish and it was at the start of the year, but the majority of that is because of the anticipation of oil and gas as opposed to and inability to be able to continue to find opportunities for Rockwell in process. We still see this as a good growth market for us and opportunity to expand our share. But given the oil and gas environment, we just started would be a little lower than what we started off in - at the start of the year with our November guidance. So process still importance to the good market and something that we can continue to grow and expand our footprint in.
Steven Winoker: Okay and just one last one on China, how do you see, I know you talked about the project issue this quarter but Keith, going forward, what is that sort of puts and takes in China that you think could be better at least for Rockwell?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, as I mentioned a little bit when we were talking about consumer, we certainly thing that’s a market that’s going to continue to take off as they continue to grow and they continue to demand more from their food supplier. So food, beverage, home and personal care, the consumer related markets were very bullish long term. On China, I think the difficulty in China is the metals markets and overcapacity, liquidity, the banking structures with the bank loans, so I think there was some financial - as far as the underlying markets other than overcapacity mainly in metals. We think consumer there is probably a little overcapacity in the total automotive market, but the multinationals and the JVs continue to growth their share, that’s where we’re obviously the strongest. So we have a good outlook in consumer and transportation. We think oil and gas will continue to be good in China and so that scenario that we’ve been investing more in. And also the infrastructure with the one area that the Chinese our government has continued a stimulus in has been in their metro and rail systems and that scenario where we have opportunities as well and have participated previously. So we think China even with the slowing growth rates will continue to be a market that we find opportunities in.
Steven Winoker: Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, we have reached the end of our hour or little bit less than hour, so I think we’re going to ramp it up here and I appreciate everyone’s questions. I think we had very great thoughtful questions today on the call and I look forward to talking to most of you afterwards. So thanks for joining us and we’ll talk soon.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - VP of IR Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO Ted Crandall - CFO
Analysts: Scott Davis - Barclays Capital Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC John Inch - Deutsche Bank AG Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Steven Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. Jeremie Capron - CLSA Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research
Operator:  Thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle. Please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks Ian. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2014 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year and then some context around our outlook for fiscal 2015. Then Ted, will provide more details on the results as well as our sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn it over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks Rondi, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with the highlights for the quarter and the full year, so please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. Q4 results came in very close to the expectations we laid out on the July earnings call. Organic growth of over 4% in the quarter continued the pattern we saw most of the year, with product business growth exceeding growth in our solutions and services businesses. There was an unexpected currency headwind in the quarter due to the strengthening U.S. dollar. Profitability was strong in the quarter with over 22% segment operating margin. Q4 tends to be one of our better margin quarters and this was true for both segments this quarter. Adjusted earnings per share grew 15% and cash flow was good. So, very strong earnings performance and good sales growth in Q4. Ted will provide more details on the quarter, so I'll move to the full year. As we entered fiscal 2014, we told you to expect higher year-over-year growth rates in the first half of the year than in the second half and that is how the year played out. Fiscal 2014 sales by region were about as expected with the exception of stronger sales in the U.S. and weaker sales in Canada. Speaking to organic growth rates, the U.S. had a strong year with 7% growth and oil and gas was the best performing vertical. Canada was down 1% primarily due to weakness in resource based industries, the EMEA region grew 2% with 7% growth in emerging markets. Emerging markets represent about 20% of the EMEA region. Western Europe was mixed with the U.K. and Italy up, Germany flat and France down year-over-year. Asia Pacific came in as expected with 5% organic growth through the year. China grew 6% with food and beverage at the highest growth vertical, our OEM business continues to grow [technical difficulty] total sales in China. Although still in the early stages and we're starting to see the anticipated step up in manufacturing investment for consumer package goods. India grew 10% this year, albeit of easy comparison, but it appears that the weak industrial environment of the past few years has finally turned the corner. Latin America grew 6% for the year with strong sales in both Mexico and Brazil overcoming weakness in other parts of the region. Globally, we had another year of solid performance with OEMs. We continue to broaden our content on machines, which is reflected in strength in our motion and safety businesses this year. Here are a couple of other data points that are down the slide. Logic sales were up 7% this year. The compact logic portion is growing even faster than this with the highest growth rates in Asia Pacific. Process sales were up 4% for the year. This is below the growth rate we expected at the beginning of the year and certainly below where we need this business to be. Weakness in metals, and mining, and EMEA in Asia and the lack of business in Venezuela, turned out to be larger headwinds than we expected. Having said that, we continue to invest in our process capabilities, we are expanding our installed base of process control and continue to believe that processes are best growth opportunity. Let me just wrap up on the year before I move on to the outlook. Fiscal 2014 was another year of record sales and earnings for the company. For the second year in a row we expanded segment operating margin almost a point, while continuing to invest for growth. These results would not be possible without the efforts of our employees, partners and suppliers, and I want to thank them all for their ongoing commitment to our customers and their contributions to our success. Our strong track record of returning cash to shareholders continued in fiscal 2014 with over $800 million in dividends and share repurchases. That represents 87% of free cash flow for the year. As you probably saw, we raised a dividend last week which more than doubles our dividend per share in the last five years. During fiscal 2014, we also authorized an additional $1 billion in share repurchase. I'm proud to say, that during the last five years we've returned $2.8 billion of cash to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. I keep looking forward to a year when everything is stable and the outlook is very clear, but I guess that's just wishful thinking. Here is what we are seeing out there. We are in the world of greater geopolitical uncertainty, falling oil prices and a stronger U.S. dollar. The U.S. economy remains strong but recently some Western European countries have slowed and there is heightened uncertainty related to Russia, Ukraine and therefore the Middle East. In China, overcapacity, lack of liquidity, and underperforming loans are still weighing on economic growth, and Brazil is in a recession. Having said that from a global macroeconomic perspective, forecast for GDP and industrial production, call for continued moderate growth in 2015. Most manufacturing PMIs are still above 50, and the U.S. PMI has been above 55 since June. More specific to Rockwell and the automation market, the need for productivity and modernization, growing consumer demand in emerging markets and the connected enterprise are key drivers fueling continued market growth, and I believe we have the right strategy to capitalize on these opportunities. Taking all of these factors into consideration, we expect total company organic sales growth in the range of 2.5% to 6.5% in fiscal 2015.And we are initiating fiscal 2015 adjusted EPS guidance of $6.55 to $6.95. With another solid year in our sights, we continue to invest in innovative technology and domain expertise to expand the value we provide to customers while delivering superior returns to our shareowners. Before I end my remarks, I’d like to give you a little preview of Automation Fair. For those of you who haven’t been to an Automation Fair, we expect to host thousands of customers and partners from all over the world. It's a great opportunity for us to showcase our capability, provide technical training, and facilitate best practice sharing among our customers. It's taking place in Anaheim this year, and we will have an emphasis on the connected enterprise and how we are helping customers drive to the next level of productivity with our Integrated Control and Information portfolio. If you're coming to Anaheim next Thursday, you’ll hear from John McDermott, our Head of Global Sales and Marketing, Terry Gebert, who leads our Global Systems & Solutions business, and from one of our process system integrator partners. Then we'll take you on a hosted tour of the show floor, after lunch we'll hold a webcast where Frank Kulaszewicz, Blake Moret, Ted, and I will talk more about our strategy and progress on the connected enterprise and Integrated Control and Information. We hope you'll take advantage of this opportunity and we look forward to seeing many of you there. So now, I’ll turn it over to Ted. Ted?
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, every one. You’ll note that we’ve made some changes to several of the slides. We hope you’ll find the new formats more informative and helpful. I’ll start with Page 4, fourth quarter key financial information. As Keith mentioned, organic growth, sales performance across the regions, and adjusted EPS were all pretty much as we expected and consistent with the mid-point of our guidance from July. Currency turned out to be a headwind. We didn't expect that at the beginning of the quarter. Sales in the quarter were $1,782 billion, an increase of 3.9% compared to Q4 last year. Organic sales growth was 4.4%, currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by 70 basis points. Segment operating margin was very strong at 22.2%, that's up 130 basis points from Q4 last year. The year-over-year margin increase was primarily due to the higher sales partially offset by some increased spending. You might recall that in Q4 of 2013, margin included some significant income from legal settlements and some larger restructuring charges, in the year-over-year comparison if you net legal settlement income and restructuring charges, we faced about $9 million margin headwind in Q4 of 2014. General corporate net expense was $22.3 million in Q4, compared to $39.7 million a year ago. Last year, GCN expense included a $12 million charge related to legacy environmental matters. That item accounts for the largest share of the year-over-year difference. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.86, up $0.24 or 15% compared to last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $138.5 million. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 27%, compared to 23.7% in Q4 last year. I’ll provide more color on tax rate when I cover the full year results. Free cash flow for Q4 was $282 million, a little below Q4, 2013, but a very good result. Conversion on adjusted income was 110% in Q4. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.2 million shares at a cost of $140 million, for the full year we repurchased a total of 4.1 million shares at a cost of $484 million. That was about 10% more than the $440 million we projected at the beginning of the year, and related to our strong cash flow performance. Our trailing four quarter return on invested capital was 30.1%, that's a little below last year but still about 30%, and we consider that to be a best-in-class result. Turning to Page 5, this is the full year version of the key financial information. Sales reached $6,624 billion for the full year, up 4.3%. Organic growth was 5.1%, currency translation reduced sales by almost one full point. Segment operating margin for the full year was 20.4%, up 90 basis points from last year. Earnings conversion was 42% for the year. We realized very good leverage on the higher sales that more than offset spending increases. Spending for the full year increased pretty much inline with the sales growth. Adjusted EPS was $6.17, up 8% compared to last year. And as Keith already mentioned, that represents another year of record sales in EPS for the company. Free cash flow for the full year was $922 million, which was 107% conversion on adjusted income. The next slide provides an adjusted EPS walk comparing the full year 2014, to 2013. I’ll just hit a couple of items here. Lower general corporate net expense contributed $0.08 to the adjusted EPS improvement. For the full year GCN was $81 million, down from $97 million in 2013. GCN expense was unusually high in 2013, primarily due to the legacy environmental charges that we took in fourth quarter of 2013, that I mentioned previously. Moving to the far right side, you can see on the bridge that we picked up an additional $0.04 from reduced share count in 2014. And then coming back to tax rate, the increase adjusted effective tax rate in fiscal 2014 reduced the adjusted EPS by $0.30. The year-over-year increase in the rate is primarily due to significant net favorable discrete items realized in fiscal 2013, and a smaller amount of net unfavorable similar items realized in fiscal 2014. Excluding the effect of the higher tax rate, adjusted EPS would have increased by 13%. The next two slides present a graphical view of the sales and operating margin performance of each segment. I’ll start with the architecture and software segment on Page 7. I'll cover Q4 and then the full year. On the left side of this chart, you can see that architecture and software segment sales reached $747 million in Q4, an increase of 4.6% compared to Q4 last year. Organic growth was 5.2%. Moving to the right side of the chart, on the 5.2% organic growth ANS margins increased by 60 basis points to 31.1%. A great quarter for the segment was strong conversion despite the headwind from the legal settlement income in Q4 of last year. For the full year, ANS sales were up 6.1% as reported, with 6.8% organic growth. We're very pleased to see that high rate of growth and almost profitable segment. Segment operating margin for the full year was 29.5%, up 120 basis points from 2013. Now, I'll turn to Page 8, a similar view for the Control Products & Solutions segment. In the fourth quarter, Control Products & Solutions segment sales increased by 3.3% year-over-year, as organic growth of 3.8%. Organic growth for products, sales and segment was 5.3% about the same as architecture and software, organic growth for solutions and services sales was 3%. The book-to-bill in Q4 per solutions and services was 0.84%. That's low. We expected something more in the range of 0.9% to 0.95%. You might remember we experienced the similar book-to-bill at the end of 2012. This past quarter was not quite as low as Q4 2012, but we ended fiscal 2014 with lower than expected backlog and that will have a negative impact on solutions and services sales in the first half of fiscal 2015. CP&S delivered very good operating margin in Q4 at 15.8%, that's up 180 basis points compared to last year. Q4 is generally the strongest margin quarter in this segment. The operating margin increase was quite strong leverage on higher sales and good productivity in the quarter. For the full year CP&S sales reached $3,778 billion up 3% year-over-year or 3.8% organic growth. Organic growth for product business sales and the segment was 4.7% for the full year and 3.2% for solutions and services. CP&S segment operating margins for the full year was 13.6%, an increase of 60 basis points compared to 2013. Page 9, provides a geographic breakdown of our sales and shows organic growth results for the quarter and for the full year. Keith provided a good deal of color on the full year results, I'll just speak to the quarter. U.S. growth in Q4 at 5% will continue to see a very healthy underlying market. In Q4 oil and gas and home and personal care verticals were the highest growth. Canada delivered a quarter of positive growth at 6%. The underlying market in Canada remains relatively weak. The results in Q4 are more about project timing and driven primarily by automotive and consumer. EMEA was down slightly in the quarter. The emerging countries in aggregate experienced some modest growth. For Western Europe was down about two points year-over-year. Two of the weaker verticals in the quarter were metals and water wastewater. In Asia Pacific sales were up 5% year-over-year in Q4. India was up over 20%. We are pleased to see India continue to demonstrate growth, admittedly off an easy comparison. China was up 1% year-over-year in Q4. Based on the amount of project business in China and last year's quarterly comparisons, I think the full year growth rate for 2014 of 6% is a better indicator of underlying market conditions and our performance. In Q4 in China the strongest verticals were consumer industries. In Latin America another good quarter with 12% growth once again led by Brazil and Mexico. Both countries had solid double-digit growth rates and that allowed for the 12% overall region growth despite a significant year-over-year decline in Venezuela. Best verticals in Latin America in Q4 were consumer industries. Organic growth in emerging markets was 8% led by Latin America. And that takes us to the fiscal 2015 guidance slide. Just to reinforce some of Keith's comments on the macro outlook, in 2015 we expect global GDP and IP growth to be similar to last year. With IP growth in North America lower than in 2014, but IP growth somewhat higher in the other regions compared to 2014. We expect fiscal 2015 sales to be approximately $6.8 billion plus or minus about 2%. That's an organic growth range of 2.5% to 6.5%. By region, we expect growth rates in 2015 to be similar to last year. The U.S., Asia Pacific and Latin America should all see mid-single digit growth. We expect EMEA to be low single digit growth with growth driven primarily by emerging EMEA. This is the region we are watching most closely due to recent macro data and political uncertainties. We expect Canada to be about flat year-over-year for 2015 with continued weakness in the oil sands. Based on the beginning solutions and services backlog and recent order trends, we expect 2015 to be a second year of higher growth in our product businesses, about 5% organic growth compared to 3% organic growth in our solutions and services businesses. We expect currency to reduce sales by above 180 basis points next year. That’s significant and primarily weaker Europe. Our projection for translation impact assumes average rates for 2015 at above the average level for October. For example, we're assuming an average euro rate of 1.27. Yesterday the euro rate was 1.24, if it stays that way for the full year, we'll have additional translation headwind to contend with. We expect segment operating margins to be about 21% that would be about half point increase compared to 2014 with conversion margin of about 35%. We expect the full year tax rate to be about 27%, a little over than in 2014. Our guidance for adjusted EPS is $6.55 to $6.95. We expect free cash flow conversion on adjusted income of about 100%. And there are a couple of other items not shown here. General corporate net expense should be approximately $80 million next year. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about $136 million for the full year. Because of the lower than expected backlog at the end of 2014, you should expect a slower than normal start in Q1. We typically see a sequential decline in total company sales from Q4 to Q1 but in 2015 that's likely to be at larger than average client. Reported sales in Q1 will likely be down year-over-year with headwind from currency and roughly flat organic growth, the flat organic growth due to the lower backlog in solutions and services. The final slide on Page 11 provides a walk from fiscal 2014 to fiscal year 2015 for adjusted EPS at the mid point of guidance. I'll start with operating pension expense. Interest rates dropped over the course of 2014 and that's created a $0.04 headwind in operating pension expense for 2015. I mentioned currency effects on the prior chart. We expect currency effects to reduce earnings next year by about $0.17. The lower tax rate contributes about $0.05 increase. We expect share count increased adjusted EPS by $0.17 in 2015. We intend to continue to return excess free cash flow to investors. We announced the 12% increase in the dividend last week as Keith mentioned. The amount we spend on share repurchase in 2015 will depend on free cash flow and acquisition spending. But assuming 100% conversion on adjusted income and about $100 million of spending on acquisitions, we would expect to spend about $470 million on repurchases in 2015. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rondi for questions.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks Ted. Before we get started, I'd just like to remind you that and ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow up and then if you have another question on a different topic to get back in the queue. So we’d appreciate that. Ian, let's go ahead and take our first caller. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays. Please go ahead, Scott.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Good morning, everybody.
Keith Nosbusch:  Good morning, Scott.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle:  Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: I know it's tough. You guys don't have a lot of visibility so guidance can be a little challenging, but what does it -- historically if you go back and look at longer data series, what does it mean when solutions and services comes in week like that? Is there a canary in a coal mine effect there, or is it just a lumpy enough business where we shouldn't read too much into it?
Keith Nosbusch: I think historically it's been a lumpy business and there is not a lot to read into it with a quarter or two of data. I think if you go back to 2012 which Ted referenced, the second half of 2013 was very strong in the solutions business. So I think it's just a matter of the ability to rebuild the backlog particularly in the SSB portion of that business and the medium voltage portion of that business. And right now from a front log standpoint, we still see activity other than some project push-outs and delays because of the commentary that Ted and I talked about with respect to whether its geopolitical or economic uncertainty in some of the regions in particularly Asia Pacific and EMEA. We are still seeing and are still quoting at a – I'll say pre-Q4 rate. So we don't see the indication of one quarter of, quit candidly week book-to-bills that it's telling us anything at this time.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital:  Okay. And as a follow up, can you give us a sense of there's -- you'll have an increased headwind maybe with oil and gas, but when you think about mining which has been tough for the last couple of years, does that turn the corner for you in 2015 and start to become a neutral or at least potentially a modest tailwind from a very low level? 
Keith Nosbusch:  Well we would expect it to be a neutral, I mean that is our plan. I think the upside would come from the opportunity to see China grow a little faster and drive demand at a higher rate than they have this past year. And the other part would be the conversion of spending from I'll say CapEx to operating spending where they’re trying to drive productivity. And I think there is a lot of emphasis particularly in some of the larger mining companies to now focus on productivity and generating better asset utilization on their existing investment. So, I think that’s the other space that we can look for. But right now we see mining as a neutral next year.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. I'll pass it on. I'll see you guys next week.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks for coming Scott. We will see you then. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you, Scott. We have another question for you, this one is from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, Rich.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi, good morning everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: How you're doing? Just wondered a second, what's the expectation for process growth for 2015 at this point? I know that it was a little bit below expectation for 2014. How are you thinking about the puts and takes there?
Keith Nosbusch:  Well for process for 2015, we expect process to grow mid-to-high single digits. So definitely a better growth rate than this year.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then is the oil and gas vertical -- how do you think about that in terms of your exposure between upstream and midstream? And what are you seeing in terms of front log activity that would bolster the growth rate or detract from the growth rate at this point? 
Keith Nosbusch:  Well from our position we've been a stronger in the upstream sector over the last couple of years and certainly that plays to more of our strengths in both motor control as well as process control. And what we are seeing now is some of the investments moving to midstream and ultimately downstream. And there in the midstream sector, we do well in some of the transportation and storage facilities. I think one of the weaknesses that we’ve seen is when there is a lot of investment in that midstream petrochemical and chemical market, that's an area where we don’t have a lot of installed base and its also an area that we don’t have the perfect match with our plant-wide optimization strategy and so its much more focused on safety and intelligent motor control there. As we see it move further downstream, and when I meant in that area, I would say that chemical and the bulk chemical and the oil refining areas is what I was talking about. As it continues to move downstream, we think it’s much more suitable, in particular lot of those applications are batch whether it would be specialty or refined chemical and we see that as another opportunity for us. With the current situation of what the pricing levels of oil are, we don’t see a significant change at this time. This is an industry that really invest in the long term and so our two quarters of reduced prices not going to dramatically change a lot of their investment decisions. In fact last throughout 2015 that would be a different situation than what we currently have. And quite frankly oil and gas is one of the better growth verticals in fiscal year 2014. It's still healthy. We see the growth and I think I might have said 2014, I meant 2015, next year we see it as one of our better growth initiatives and we expect it to grow above the company average. So, we still see that as an opportunity for us and an opportunity to expand our share in that vertical.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Thanks, Keith. That's helpful. Just a quick one, Keith or Ted I might have missed this. Did you get a buyback expectation for 2015? I might have missed this.
Ted Crandall: Yeah. I mean, assuming the 100% conversion on adjusted income and assuming about $100 million of acquisitions spending, we expect to spend about $470 million next year on repurchases.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks Rich.
Operator: And Keith, we have another question for you. This is from the line of John Inch, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, John.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank AG: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, John.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle:  Hi, John. 
John Inch - Deutsche Bank AG: Could you provide a little bit more color on if you call it lumpiness within solutions by vertical? Is that possible, Ted and Keith? Is there a vertical or two that's maybe providing the somewhat lower conversion rates or book-to-bill today?
Keith Nosbusch: No. It's not so much specific verticals, it’s more of just a timing of projects, which can occur in many of the verticals. However, I would say, it's probably more significant in heavy industries where the projects tend to be bigger, they tend to be predicated around resource based pricing, commodity pricing. So I would say those are the ones that are most impacted as opposed to consumer, where they tend to be plant investments that are as significant in magnitude of dollars. So, I would characterize it that way, but any quarter, it could be any one of the industries, it could be metals, mining, oil and gas, pulp and paper, water wastewater, and - I think we mentioned this quarter, that more difficult ones were metals and mining, particularly in EMEA and Asia.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank AG: And actually that all dovetails with the phenomenon that you've seen these larger more complicated projects get pushed to the right. So I'm presuming solutions is caught up a little bit in that. Can I ask you about process? If you look at Honeywell and Emerson and some of the others, they're seeing pretty good orders kick in for North America for lots of different reasons. And I realize that you're not completely apples to apples with those companies, but you do play in a lot of the same spaces. Do you think process needs a bit of a kicker to get it to the next level, Keith? Or are you satisfied that based on this positioning, new product backlog, and the cadence of business that it's on track to capture incremental share, based on the way it performed earlier in this cycle?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, John, great question. I mean, quite frankly I am not satisfied with our results in process. I think because of its importance to us, the fact that it is our best growth opportunity that we can't reach our growth objectives without a share increase. And so, we are continuing to invest to expand our capabilities and our commercial reach in process applications. We will continue to make specifically targeted investments to accelerate our growth, and quite frankly this is a very important focus for me and us in 2015. To be fair, some of these areas are not where we have a large installed base, and it's not where we - I would say are recognized as the key player. But certainly we have expanded our capabilities and for us to continue to grow our presence, grow our share, we have to win in some of these new applications and new areas - geographies and so, we can and will do better here. And I think it's just a continuation and evolution of our growth and our maturing as a process control DCS supplier, and we’re very excited about our modern DCS system that we think brings tremendous value and certainly that is – that will be one of the key points of our conversations during Automation Fair, and we see that as a continuing evolution of our business strategy and capabilities.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: And Keith, do you think you can do this organically, or does the experience of process in the past year and as markets fluctuate and evolve, maybe you have to begin to add more on the M&A front for whatever purpose or whatever application? Has your thinking evolves or changed in any way with respect to that business and capital allocation?
Keith Nosbusch: I don't think that we need to make an acquisition. We constantly look at different acquisitions, process would be an area where we continue to evaluate opportunities and also the rest of the process base, and how can we do more in the entire market. So, I don't see where acquisition is silver bullet here. I think we look at it as how can we continue to grow our domain expertise, how can we build up the resources that we have calling on customers in various geographies and various industries, and various engineering environments. And I think it’s something we can do a lot ourselves and if the right opportunity comes along given that this is an area for growth for us, we'll certainly look at an acquisition to accelerate what we would view as a more organic play at this point in time.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Keith Nosbusch: You're welcome, John. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, John. We have another question for you, this one is from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Hey guys, good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So I'm just having even with the solutions book-to-bill the way it is in the first quarter. I'm having a hard time getting to flat organic. How much is the ForEx headwind in the first quarter?
Ted Crandall: It will probably be about two points.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just how does that impact the incremental? Maybe if you could also talk about why the incremental margin in architecture and software was so strong this quarter? You guys have called out the net benefits of in the fourth quarter of 2013, so maybe just some color around how the incrementals trend year to year? Obviously you're going to be down in the first quarter, so maybe just a little bit of high-level on how the - will margins be down in the first quarter as well?
Ted Crandall: It would not be unusual to see a decline in margins with a decline in sales, and there's always a sequential decline in sales Q4 to Q1.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful. One last question just on the forward guide. What are you assuming for specific growth in oil and gas? And then maybe if you could give -- do you have a breakout of what your upstream versus down and mid is for that business?
Ted Crandall: If you lumped upstream and midstream together our split of business is about 90% upstream, midstream and about 10% downstream.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. So that obviously would explain the difference between you guys and Honeywell and Emerson to a good degree as far as differences in trends I would assume. And so what are you thinking for growth there? Is that at the high end of the process range of high-single digits oil and gas this year?
Ted Crandall: We don't give guidance generally by vertical I think. But I think it would be fair to say we expect oil and gas to be kind of at or above company average next year.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: One last question. Just very quickly if you start at flat organic, should we think about this as kind of -- are you going to be better than seasonal for the last three quarters of the year? Or are you assuming - is there anything that bounces back? Is this an issue of the funnel isn't clicking here, but you have such a big funnel that at some point in the next three or four quarters there's going to be a lot of stuff that falls through despite the little bit of a weaker start to the year?
Ted Crandall: I think you've characterized it well. I mean, product businesses like two-thirds of our total business, and we’re seeing good momentum and continuing healthy order trends in the product business. We have a hole in the backlog in the solutions and services business to begin the year. So compared to the average, our loading in the year is going to be a little more back-end weighted than the average. Keith talked about - we don’t think that, that's all in the backlog in Q4 is kind of indicative of fundamental change in the market, rather it's just kind of a lumpiness in that business, in that regard. We're seeing pretty healthy orders performance in the month of October. It's only one month. We don't want to draw conclusions based on that, but it’s somewhat encouraging.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And is most of that oil and gas that's expected to come back? 
Ted Crandall: No. I wouldn't say that. I would say - I think Keith addressed this, I mean - it was broad, the performance in the fourth quarter in solutions and services – what we saw shortfall was pretty broad across verticals, I would say if anything it was maybe more regional in terms of being weak in Asia and weak in EMEA.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you, Steve. We another question for you, this one is from Steven Winoker at Bernstein Research. Please go ahead, Steven.
Steven Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Thanks and good morning. Ted, let me start with you. On the incremental margin front for the guidance at about 21%, I'm thinking about that at 60 basis points in 2015 versus 90 in 2014 on just slightly better growth. You talked about Q1 just now. But maybe talk a little bit about the investment -- pace of investments in R&D and sales expense. What are the kinds of things are you picking up at all on that front that -- or is this just a question of look, at the midpoint range that's how we get there, but there's obviously a significant amount of upside to the op margin target as well if we hit high end of our range? Maybe a little color there.
Ted Crandall: So, there's a lot there.
Steven Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: That's just the first question.
Ted Crandall: We have 5.1% organic growth in 2014, and spending was up about 4%. So relatively in line but a little bit below the organic growth. The midpoint of guidance for 2015, is 4.5%, so little bit lower organic growth, but with roughly the same increase expected in spending, maybe even a little bit more. Okay. And so that's in part - I mean there's a lot of factors that are in that margin including currency. But I would say that’s probably the largest factor that results in a 60 basis point improvement rather than a 90 basis point improvement year-over-year. In terms of where that investment is going, it is not significantly different than what we’ve talked about in the past. The larger share of that is going to increase R&D, and with our focus on continuing to expand the capabilities of the Logix platform, and building on some of the things we’ve talked about around Integrated Control and Information. And then it's also in continuing to extend commercial resources so that we can grow in the targeted industries.
Steven Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.:  Okay. Great. Keith, maybe a little more color, and this may be more appropriate next week when I see you, but some of the other competitors that were mentioned earlier in particularly maybe more some of the downstream applications, but you see some of the technology investments around everything from the world evolving from Emerson's charmed approach originally to Honeywell's making a big deal out of universal I/O and cloud engineering and virtualization and the kinds of things that can take out installation time. I think it's beyond just a specific domains where their installed bases are strong. But from a process perspective, are you starting to -- is this an area that you guys are starting to already ahead of addressing? Is this any part of the process discussion that you just mentioned earlier? How should we think about that area?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, quite frankly we've had capabilities in all of those areas already. We do have a capability to utilize virtualization for helping customers simplify their plant floor and also to isolate them from some of the changes in software technologies. Cloud is something that quite frankly I think we pioneered in the industry, in particular in remote monitoring applications, and in particular around critical assets. So we feel really good in that. We have a very broad IO portfolio that is able to simplify the customers installation and application and maintenance which is a very big part of this. So, on our technology front, I think we have a very strong story there. And then of course, we continue to have two major differentiators and one would be a plant wide optimization, there is still an awful lot of multi-discipline control that occurs in many of these applications. And we have the ability to have integrated intelligent motor control, which is very key in particular in the heavy industries and those differentiators continue to be very viable against the pure DCS companies. So, I think we continue to be able to demonstrate a value proposition that can give us a competitive differentiation, and a customer value proposition that helps them reduce their business cost. So, as I said, we've been a leader in some of these spaces, and two of those would have been virtualization, which we started a couple of years ago, and then remote asset monitoring and cloud based solutions which is about a year ago, we created that capability. So, I think from a technology standpoint, we feel good. Obviously there is a lot more we need to do and continue to evolve these technologies, but I don't think that we see ourselves at a disadvantage.
Steven Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Great. I look forward to learning more and seeing you next week. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch: Hey, sounds great. And we'll have people being able to cover all of those areas for you when you're there.
Steven Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks, Steve. And we have another question for you. This one is from Jeremie Capron from CLSA.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA: Hi, good morning. A question on the factory automation side of the business and your alliance with FANUC. Keith, I wonder if you could give us more details on this alliance? It looks like it's taking a new dimension beyond automotive powertrain. And in particular could you explain us what are the benefits from Rockwell's perspective?
Keith Nosbusch: Well first, the primary focus is on powertrain. So let me talk a little bit about that, and then I can expand to the point that you were making. But certainly fair enough, the benefits to Rockwell Automation is that FANUC is world leader in CNC and in robotics, and industrial robotics. So, we see it as an opportunity to help our mutual customers have a more seamless integrated solution that enables them to provide a safer contemporary work environment, as well as - as we talked now, the Integrated Control and Information Solution to help them do a better job of creating zero downtime, which is something that’s very critical in the powertrain automotive space in their plants today with the way they run them. So we see customer benefits, we see two world leaders providing a best-in-class solution of Integrated Control and Information, and it basically helps faster time to market and reduce total cost of ownership. So, we see great business value for our customers. As far as the expansion of that, I mentioned the robotics area and certainly in some of the consumer products industries and the line applications where you’re doing palletizing and taste packing or other types of material handling applications, we see the integration with robotics as very important, and the ability to do that with an integrated solutions once again creates differentiation and value for customers. So, automotive is the first place where this will create differentiation and then we’ll see it moving to other industries, other verticals, particularly through the robotics side of it, and the CNC is heavy in the machining which is obviously powertrain.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA: Thanks. And a follow-up question for Ted this time. On the tax rate we are looking at 27% for next year. So pretty much the same as last year, but somewhat higher than in previous years. So should we think of that 27% as the right level in other years as well? Could you explain the dynamics behind this increase in the effective tax rate in recent years?
Ted Crandall: I would say the biggest dynamic in terms of the increase from where we were in 2012 and 2013, is – in those years we had some favorable discrete items, some larger favorable discrete items that were recognized that brought down the tax rates. In 2014, we actually had some smaller, unfavorable discrete items, I think the 27% in 2015, it's reasonable to think of as kind of more of a underlying run rate tax rate.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA: Great. Thanks very much. And see you next week.
Keith Nosbusch: Looking forward to it.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you. This one is from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, Julian.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse:  Hi, thanks. Just on your China business, the slowdown that you had was similar to what a lot of other electricals had seen in the September quarter. It sounds like you think that will be up about mid-single digits in fiscal 2015. So just wondered what the visibility was like on China and when you think that will start to return to growth?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we expect growth next year. So, I think the challenge for us this past year was in our solution business. We had very good growth in OEMs and with our product portfolio for OEMs, and OEMs now continue to become a bigger portion of our total sales. As far as the solution side of it, I think we see continued slowness in metals because of the overcapacity that's in China today. And we see improvements in oil and gas in China, next year. And I think – and somewhat in mining is hopefully one of the areas that will see an increase, but as far as the visibility, Ted mentioned some of the improvements in October and certainly China had a stronger solutions order month than in Q4. So, some of that was project push-outs that we have been talking about, that in the last call and now this call that we saw in Q4. So, we’re starting to see some of that flow through the pipeline so to speak at this point. So, we obviously with the cycle being extended, which we definitely have seen the order cycle in the solutions business has doubled in the last half year. So we know things have slowed down and so it’s just a matter of when do those break loose, and certainly that’s part of how we characterize the outlook for this year, and I think it was an earlier question that we do see the second half stronger solution sales than we’re going to have in the first half.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Thanks. And then just my follow up is on the food and beverage market. You've heard some industrial companies talk about slowdowns there or order push-outs in food and beverage. That had been very strong for Rockwell. I just wondered if you'd seen any change in customer spending there?
Keith Nosbusch: Not really in food and beverage, I think that’s been a little more regional where things have gone up or down, we talked about the strength, Ted mentioned it as far as Q4, there was good strength in China, in particular Latin America, and certainly that's part of the reason we have the OEM growth is because of what's happening there, and food and beverage was the strongest vertical in China in fiscal year 2014. And at the end of the year I think Q4 in Latin America, it was the strongest vertical as well. So, we see food continue to be strong. I think that was reinforced with some of the commentary at Pack Expo this last week in Chicago. I think of the two segments, beverage maybe the one that will be a little weaker as we go through 2015, given some of the changes that's going on in the industry dynamics themselves. But we do see this as an opportunity for us next year.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Julian.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Ian, we’re going to go ahead and we’ll take one last call.
Operator: Thank you. The last one is from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. Please go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you. Good morning, thanks for squeezing me in.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Morning, morning. So, you covered a lot of ground, so I'll be brief in the interest of time. I was just wondering on your upstream oil and gas exposure obviously was a very big focus last year at Automation Fair in Houston. How much of it is actually North America centric? We obviously already have the weakness in the Canadian Oil Sands, but when we think about North America in aggregate, how would you size it?
Keith Nosbusch: From a geographic standpoint, it's probably around 60/40, North America and certainly when I say North America, I would be including Mexico in that. So we’ve got Mexico, we’ve got U.S. and Canada, it’s probably about 60% of our upstream business. And then obviously we’ve done work in China, we do work in the North Sea, and the Middle East, and Brazil. So there is a number of other areas where we have our capabilities, but the largest footprint would be the totality of the North American region.
Ted Crandall: And interestingly the dispersion of our - the geographic dispersion of the oil and gas revenue is in a lot different than our total revenue.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Okay. And then just on Europe, obviously the macro weakness understandable and visible. I'm just wondering if you're seeing anything different in the European OE machine builders? In other words any early indication that euro weakness is helping them in any way kind of pulling through to your business differently?
Keith Nosbusch: No. We haven't seen any changes in that dynamic. What I would say - what we are seeing is with the challenges going on in Russia and Eastern Europe, we are seeing some slowness in the exporting of Germany. And Germany has a lot of business that flows East through Central and Eastern Europe, and into Russia. And I think with the issues there, I would say that's where there’s been some impact with the OEM performance in Europe for us. We still see good shipments back into the U.S., good shipments into the majority of the Asian countries, but that flow into the East as probably been the only area that we've seen a dynamic or I should say a change from what we would be talking about six months ago.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thanks. And then just one little quick final follow-up for Ted. Ted, just the cash geographically, is the repo that you laid out pretty much kind of all you are really kind of capable of given kind of stranded cash issues? Could you just kind of address where we're at with that currently?
Ted Crandall: I think it would be - I think it would be fair to characterize it as what we’re capable of without significant increase borrowings.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Great. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks a lot, Jeff. Appreciate it.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Well, that concludes today's call. We're going to wrap it up here. So, thanks everybody for joining us. We look forward to seeing bunch of you next week at Automation Fair in Anaheim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-30 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle – Vice President of Investor Relations Keith D. Nosbusch – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Theodore D. Crandall – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC C. Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC Jeremie Capron – CLSA Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle. Please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle : Thank you Annette. Good morning everyone. Apologize for the delay at the beginning of this call. We had some technical difficulties. I believe they are resolved now and we can proceed. So thank you for your patience on that. Also thanks for joining us Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights of the Company's performance in the third quarter and year-to-date plus our outlook for the remainder of the year. And then Ted, as always will provide more details on all of that and we’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone. I know it’s been a busy earnings season for all you so I appreciate your time today. I hope you all get to enjoy some downtime later in August. The first portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter. So please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. Sales and earnings came in as we expected this quarter. Organic sales grew 2% year-over-year. We experienced strong 7% growth in Architecture & Software but a difficult comparison in our Solutions & Services businesses led to a 2% sales decline in Control Products & Solutions. More importantly, we saw sequential growth in both segments and across all regions except EMEA which had a 1% sequential decline. This sequential growth reinforces our view of continued economic growth. Let me give you a little more color by region and by vertical. All of the growth rates I mentioned will be for year-over-year for organic growth. Sales growth in the U.S. remains solid at 5%. We continue to see broad-based industry performance with strength in oil and gas, particularly in shale. In Canada, sales were down 8% with a significant decline in Solutions & Services. We are still seeing weaknesses in resource-based industries; however, the product businesses grew nicely. In EMEA, sales growth of 1% was lower than growth in the first half, again, mostly due to the variability in our Solutions businesses. OEM sales remained healthy. Sales in Asia Pacific were flat because of the large sequential sales increase in last year's Q3. As expected, China sales were down 5% year-over-year, but up mid-teens sequentially. We're starting to see an increase in consumer packaged goods manufacturing investment in China, particularly in brewing and dairy. And as you know, consumer goods is a sweet spot for us. Latin America was flat year over year due to a very difficult comparison as the region grew 23% last year. Mexico sales were flat and Brazil sales were down this quarter, but we expect to see a return to double-digit year-over-year growth in both countries next quarter. Logix was up 7% in the quarter. We continue to see good adoption of our midrange controllers with OEMs. Before I end my comments on top line, let me share a couple of other data points. Our Motion Control business was up double digits in the quarter which is another indication of success with OEMs. Process grew 6% in the quarter. For the full year we now expect process growth to be in the mid single-digit. This is below our previous projection, primarily due to project timing. I'll just touch on earnings in the quarter, because Ted will cover the details. On 2% sales growth in the quarter we were pleased with both year-over-year and sequential operating margin expansion, and free cash flow in the quarter was very strong at 131% of net income. Looking at the year-to-date results on organic sales growth of 5%, we've expanded segment operating margin by 70 basis points. Adjusted EPS is up 6% for the year and would have been higher without the significant headwind from a higher tax rate. Delivering these results while still funding investment spending is a testament to the viability and solid execution of our growth and performance strategy. So onto the outlook. With three quarters behind us, we've narrowed the range of organic growth guidance to 4% to 6%. We continue to expect underlying market growth. On the revised sales growth, we've also narrowed the adjusted EPS range to $6.10 to $6.25. The midpoints of both ranges remain the same. Ted will go into more detail on guidance. Before handing it off to Ted, I would like to remind you that Automation Fair is in Anaheim this year, and we'll be holding our investor conference on Thursday, November 20, one week later than last year. Although Automation Fair is a customer event, it's a great opportunity for investors and analysts to deepen their understanding of Automation and learn more about our capabilities as well as those of our partners. This year, our focus will be on the connected enterprise, and how Integrated Control and Information, we also refer to this as ICI, can help our customers become smarter, more productive and more secure. ICI enables us to expand the value we provide to our customers, which results in superior returns for our shareholders. So please mark your calendars and we hope to see many of you there. In closing, I want to thank our employees and partners for their ongoing commitment to our Company's success and to our customers' success. I appreciate and I know our customers appreciate the passion, innovation and integrity and excellence that is evident in how we do business everyday. Here is Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks Keith. Good morning. I’ll start with Chart 4, which is the third-quarter results summary. So a pretty straightforward quarter, slower growth, pretty much as we anticipated against what was our most difficult year-over-year comparison quarter. Earnings were also inline with our expectations. Revenue in the quarter was $1,650 million, up 2% compared to the third quarter of last year. Organic growth was also 2%. Segment operating earnings in the current period were $326 million, up 3% compared Q3 last year. General corporate net was $18.1 million in Q3 compared to $20.9 million in the same period last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter was 27.6% compared to an adjusted effective tax rate in the same period last year of 22%. In Q3 last year, we benefited from a large favorable discrete tax item. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.49 that compares to $1.54 in the same quarter last year. The higher tax rate reduced adjusted earnings per share by $0.11. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 139.6 million. We repurchased approximately 1 million shares in the third quarter at a cost of about $122 million. At the end of Q3, there was $191 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization from 2012 and the Board approved an additional 1 billion repurchase authorization on June 4. Through the first nine months of the fiscal year, we've repurchased 2.9 million shares for approximately $344 million, so we’re running a little ahead of the pace to hit the $440 million full year repurchase expectation that we talked about on previous earnings calls. With only one quarter left in the fiscal year, it's likely that we will spend more than the $440 million that we previously projected. Moving to Chart 5. This is the graphical version of total Company results for the third quarter. As I mentioned, year-over-year sales growth was 2%, sales increased 3% sequentially that’s a more typical Q2 to Q3 sequential increase. Last year the sequential increase form Q2 to Q3 was 7%, primarily driven by the Solutions & Service businesses that experienced an 11% sequential increase. Total segment operating margin in Q3 was 19.8%, up 20 basis points compared to last year a modest improvement that's in line with the 2% sales growth. Higher sales and favorable mix were partially offset by increased spending. While on the chart, our trailing four-quarter return on invested capital was 29.6 at the end of the third quarter. Now please turn to Chart 6 which summarizes the third quarter results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, sales reached $715 million up 7% year-over-year as reported and organically. Sales increased 4% sequentially, so we have seen continued strong revenue performance in the segment. Operating earnings increased 9% year-over-year and the segment operating margins for the quarter was 28.6% that’s an increase of 50 basis points compared to Q3 last year. 7% organic growth provided considerable volume leverage, which more than offset the effect of increased spending. The next page, Chart 7, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Compared to Q3 last year, sales were down 2% as reported and organically. The Product businesses grew 2% year-over-year and Solutions & Service businesses declined by 4%. As I mentioned Q3 was a particularly difficult year-over-year comparison for the Solutions & Services businesses. Sales for the segment increased 2% sequentially, with the Product businesses and Solutions & Service businesses, both up about the same. Book-to-bill for Solutions & Service businesses 1.06 in Q3, on the right side of this chart, you will note that operating earnings were a little lower than last year and operating margin declined by 60 basis points year-over-year primarily due to the lower sales. The next chart is the geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter and year-to-date. Keith covered the regional performance in the quarter, so I'll just make a couple of comments on the year-to-date results. It's been pretty well-balanced growth through the first nine months, with growth in every region with the exception of Canada. Canada is the region with the largest percentage of sales in Solutions & Services and the slow down in the oil sands that we've talked about on previous earnings calls has had a significant negative impact on the year-over-year performance. Clearly, the U.S. continued to be our best-performing region was 7% organic growth through the first nine months, EMEA is up 3% year-to-date. We continue to do well with OEM customers. Asia-Pacific is up 5% year-over-year through June with China up 8%. And Latin America is up 4% with Brazil and Mexico both up about 8% through the first nine months. Generally the year-to-date growth rates by region are pretty much what we’re expecting to see for the full year. I’ll turn that Chart 9, which is free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $274 million, another strong quarter. Year-to-date conversion on adjusted income is about a 106%. Given the year-to-date performance we will probably finish the year somewhat better than the previously projected conversion of about 100%. Turning to the next chart, this provides an EPS walk from the first nine months of last year to the same period this year. Looking at the bridge, adjusted EPS was up 6%, increasing from $4.09 to $4.32. That’s on organic sales growth for the first nine months of 5%. The 6% adjusted EPS growth despite a pretty significant headwind from tax rate, which you can see here as worth about $0.22. Excluding the effect of the higher tax rate, the adjusted EPS growth would have been about a 11%. Segment earnings were up 9% with incremental margin of about 38% in the first nine months. And that takes us to the final slide, Chart 11, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal 2014. As Keith mentioned, we've narrowed our sales and earnings guidance but maintain the previous midpoints. We expect sales to be about $6.64 billion at the midpoint. We expect organic growth for the full year of about 4% to 6% you can think of that is plus or minus about $50 million around the midpoint. We expect the net impact of currency and acquisitions to reduce sales by about 50 basis points. We expect segment margin for the full year to be a little above 20%. We are projecting adjusted EPS in the range of $6.10 to $6.25. We now expect the adjusted tax rate for the full year to be closer to 27.5%. Previously, we expected to realize a discrete tax benefit in Q4 that we now believe we will not occur to next fiscal year. And finally, we expect general corporate net expense to be about $80 million for the full year that’s about $5 million lower than our previous guidance. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rondi.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks Ted. Before we start Q&A, I'd just like to ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up and this will allow us to get to as many callers and questions as possible. So we appreciate your cooperation and Annette, let's take our first question.
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions) Okay and the first question come from the line of John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead and ask your question.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning John.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Good morning John.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: Good morning. What was the impact, if you could quantify it, please, of year-over-year and sequential spending in the quarter? And how does that sort of play out in the fourth quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, so spending was up about $26 million year-over-year, which is about 6% and it was up about $6 million sequentially, which was about 1% sequential increase. And in the fourth quarter we do not expect any significant sequential increase.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: And preliminarily, Keith and Ted, how are you thinking about sort of investment spending against the backdrop? And I admit, I realize you have comparison issues, but the macro isn't exactly rocking and rolling, no pun intended. So how are you thinking about sort of this investment spending, given that we're sort of one quarter away or less than one quarter away, from your fiscal year next year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well as far as spending for next year, we haven't done any preparation yet for the annual plan at this point. But we certainly have put in additional incremental spending this past year. And we are very pleased with that. We put it in areas that are going to help us mid and long-term in both product development and in the R&D areas and then also in customer facing resources in different regions. So right now we are happy with that investment spending, you saw continued margin improvement in ANS where a lot of that spending has been put and we certainly feel that that will pay dividends down the road and we are pleased that we were able to start spending earlier this year than we have in the past year so very pleased with those investments and we expect them to pay off in the long run.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: I guess what I'm trying to understand, Keith, is: The degree to which the spending was concurrent with, say, capacity or sales resourcing versus forward. In other words, the spending we've made this year, does that give you a lot more runway for next year? That’s really all I am trying to understand.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, if the runway means that we won't increase spending again, I think that will be dependent upon what we think the revenue performance will be next year. We certainly believe that our spending does not correlate directly to quarter-by-quarter of performance and as we've said our spending is really in anticipation of six to eight quarters out which is new product development time as well as new customer ramp-up time to full productivity. So we hope quite frankly we hope we can continue to increase spending next year in development and in customer facing resources and if the revenue projections continue to enable that, we certainly have more opportunities in our businesses to invest in.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: That's fair. And then just as a follow-up, what is your frontlog telling you? And obviously, this earnings season has been characterized by pretty slow organic growth. How are you guys thinking about maybe the cycle and this notion perhaps the cycle has peaked for automation investment in terms of, say, North America, rest of world?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Our frontlog has remained stable over the quarter, and and it's been at a good level throughout the year. So we did not see a meaningful change in the frontlog this past quarter. So we think it's still pretty viable and certainly is what we are viewing as why we are expecting higher year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. So it's our frontlog, we built our backlog last quarter. So we think those are both good indicators why we are able to continue to expect the high, I'm sorry not high, higher year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks very much.
Keith D. Nosbusch: You’re welcome, John thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next line of question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Thank you operator. Good morning guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning Scott.
Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: I'm trying to figure out a little bit of how much resource-related stuff, and mining, in particular, impacted your non-U.S. business, because the extent of deceleration was a little bit surprising outside of the U.S. And I'm just trying to understand, is there something broader than resource and mining, or is it just a fairly big impact from that?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. I think there's two things, Scott. Certainly mining, if you look at Latin America, and you look at South Africa in the EMEA region and in Australia, in our Asia-Pacific region Australia, China, and to some degree Canada quite frankly would also be impacted. That's one of the reasons why you've seen the decline year-over-year in our Solutions & Services business with a lot of it coming from really our motor control both medium voltage and motor control centers. So that's one area and I would say probably a significant part of the declined this quarter is because of those businesses in the mining industry. The second is just some project timing. And you know we’ve talked about this all the time that it is hard to look at exactly how projects come in and go out on a quarter-by-quarter basis in a comparison year-over-year and quite frankly last year was a very, very strong shipment quarter and this year some projects slipped out and it was a little lighter in general. We knew it was going to be lighter which is why we mentioned that in the last quarter. But also at the end of the quarter a few things slipped into Q4. So its really those two dynamics that we are going on that we really think is what is behind the solutions and performance minus 4% in the quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think to your point Scott we view what you are referred to as deceleration of more as kind of a project timing issue than an underlying market conditions issue. We had some tailwind from project timing in the first half and we've got some headwinds now.
Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: That's really helpful. Guys, just – and I'm asking you to take how your crystal ball. I know it's hard in the businesses you're in, but Canada was a bit surprising. We talked about resource industries we know, but some lot of – of your peers have seen a snapback in Canada this quarter, and a better order book for next quarter. Do you have a sense of when that business flat lines out and starts to improve again, or at least, are we at a, what I'll call, a cycle low at this point? If sense of that.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I mean given that its project Canada is a very heavily project oriented region for us. It's very hard to say exactly when we are at the bottom or not, but we do I mean specific to your question we do expect sequential growth in the low single-digits about 4% in Canada in our fourth quarter. So if that happens that sequential growth that we've seen this quarter.
Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Yes that would be a big deal. You go from a negative 8% to a positive 4%, I would imagine that has a…
Keith D. Nosbusch: We saw this growth for up 4%. So we think we are in the rebound stage of the investments to your point
Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Keith D. Nosbusch: So Q3 this quarter we saw a little sequential growth and we think that bodes well for going forward in the resource industries.
Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay great thanks, I’ll pass it on. Thanks guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you Scott.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next line of question comes from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi, good morning everyone.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning Rich.
Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions: On process – so you brought the full year down – full-year growth down. You referenced timing of projects. Where, geographically, are you seeing the biggest push-outs? I imagine there's – we covered Canada a bit, but if you could provide some more color on that? And then just, are there large projects, I assume that are going to help next year as well, and some of those projects that maybe thought were to hit this past quarter have been pushed out longer, or any additional color there, Keith, would be helpful. Thanks.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well I think where we've seen the biggest push outs have been in Asia Pacific in particular China, and then also in Latin America. Those would be the two regions that had the greatest effect. I don't think we are ready to talk about 2015 yet, but our frontlog in process in our solutions businesses doesn't indicate that we are going to see any significant change in the near-term. So, we are feeling optimistic about the solutions business going forward.
Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and then just broadly speaking about projects in general – so, some of the push out in terms of Q4, typically solutions is pretty important to Q4 results. What are you assuming in the guide in terms of just the ramp and recovery of stuff that may have been delayed this quarter? Is there anything unusual in terms of bigger than normal rebound on delivery of solutions?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I would say what we are expecting is a pretty normal Q3 to Q4 ramp in solutions. And we are reasonably comfortable with what's in the guidance based on what's in backlog at the end of Q3.
Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay and I just the quick follow-up on I know 2015 it's early but on the tax rate, Ted you would talked about the discrete items affecting next year should we think of the tax rate being lower in next year preliminarily?
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean I think we’re talking about at this little bit in the past I think going forward kind of at these levels of income, something around 27% is probably a pretty reasonable tax rate to think about.
Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next line of question comes from the line of us Steve Tusa of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
C. Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Hey, good morning.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Just a question on Latin America, you mentioned that you know expected to come back in this project timing I mean it sounds like it's kind of a debacle down there especially in Brazil. Now you guys have some consumer exposure and you’re definitely a high-quality franchise in that market, but its macro just sounds pretty bad down there. What are you seeing that kind of gives you the optimism in the face of that?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I would say right now our backlog in our solutions businesses. We feel good about the Q4 and I mentioned that we are expecting to see double digit year-over-year growth in both Mexico and Brazil in Q4 and in a lot of cases that will be because of the solutions backlog that we expect to ship in the fourth quarter. Now obviously if to your point there is a bigger, I'll just say external factor that creates more problems of particularly with the elections going on in Brazil, there's definitely some political/economic risk in Brazil as we walk up to the fall elections and I would say it's probably a little dicier than it would have been in a normal fourth quarter for us. So we are watching it. At this point in time we haven't seen anything that would deviate from – that would causes us to deviate from our current expectations, but we know what happens in political elections.
C. Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Right. And then, obviously, beyond your control. And then, Ted, just on the margin in the fourth quarter, last year there was a pretty significant amount of noise. I mean, in architecture & software, your margin was up 200 basis points sequentially, but if you look back in the model, it really has a tendency to be flat to even down sequentially. I still don't know if that makes sense when you strip out all the noise from the fourth quarter of 2013, so maybe given these segments are kind of moving around a little bit in the fourth quarter, can you give us some sort of a high-level framework for how these two fit into that annual margin guidance for the fourth quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think consistent with prior practice I'm probably not going to help a lot on a by segment look at margins in the fourth quarter, but what I would say is we are expecting and it’s obviously can do the math it's applies to guidance a pretty significant step up sequentially and margin, which is largely a consequence of just significantly higher sales as we go from Q3 to Q4.
C. Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: All right. Okay, thanks. That's helpful. Thank you.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Just a question around some of the order activities, I guess some of your peers have sounded pretty positive around process automation orders. Your sales on the last call sounded good about pulp and paper, and oil and gas, demand. So I realize that there's a kind of a pause between project placement and the execution of the project. But maybe give a sense of how much your process business was up in orders, and what the overall backlog did year-on-year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: With process our orders were I think flat year-over-year in the quarter. And we did build process backlog in the quarter. So at this point, we feel that we will continue to see growth in our Q4 and certainly into the start of 2015 that we basically think of backlog as one to two quarters in our business and I would say we continue to feel that oil and gas will drive the big portion of our process business with continued interest in activity and quotation in the chemical side of the business and that's an area where we think we can continue to grow based upon our process control capabilities, our safety capabilities, and our motor control capabilities and we think that will create more opportunities and historically we've had in the chemical segments. So continued strength in oil and gas to your point of pulp and paper in the U.S., anyway investments are being made and our most difficult process areas will be that the mining and the metals will be the two most difficult segments going forward and we really don't see a significant improvement in either one of those in the short-term.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Thanks. And then within the EMEA region, the organic growth dropped back a bit. You had sort of four quarters of 3% to 5% growth. Was the firm you saw just a comps issue? And I guess, was there any difference you saw between emerging EMEA and the trends in sort of Western and central Europe in terms of customer behavior?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, it was probably another generally typical quarter with respect to the geography and we saw greater growth in the North and particular Germany and the U.K. and I would say in emerging some greater difficulty because of Russia. Russia was a difficult third quarter for us, obviously, everyone understands what's going on there. And South America – South Africa I’m sorry continued to say a weak although the mining has been the mining strikes have been stopped and we are starting to see some activity, but that did not happen in the third quarter at all. So the emerging is split with growth in Eastern Europe and growth in the Middle East, but heavily influenced by the impact in Russia and South Africa to where actually emerging Europe was down slightly in Q3. So basically mature Europe carried the day in the quarter and as I said that was driven by strong performance in the north.
Theodore D. Crandall: And you know, Julian I think though we've always said there are some normal variability in quarter-to-quarter results and I think the 1% this quarter in Europe would chalk up more to normal variability then we would to a significant change in underlying market conditions.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I think we continue to believe there is a slow steady growth in particular in the mature our European countries and I think the economic data in our product business performance would support that. And then we got the variability that Ted mentioned.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Great, thank you.
Keith D. Nosbusch: You're welcome, Julian.
Operator: Thank you. The next line of question comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning, Richard.
Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Keith, could you just give a perspective perhaps on your maybe two or three best-growing end markets in the quarter? I mean, for instance, how did auto hold up? And oil and gas was presumably your better market, but just two or three best markets?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, well, I would say that in the quarter the best markets were oil and gas to your point, food and beverage and tire, would be the three best markets.
Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And as your frontlog may or may not indicate, what does the auto and tire business look like as we trend through the fourth quarter and into early 2015? Are you fairly confident that we can maintain some growth there, whether it's low-single or mid-single-digit growth in that kind of transportation end market?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think it will be low growth, because it's at a high level. So, we are not going to see a meaningful acceleration, but we are expecting overall global that will have a stable low single-digit growth in transportation as we go through Q4.
Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay and then, just one follow-up for Ted. When I do the incremental segment margins or incremental margins just in general, for the fourth quarter, they would appear to be pretty high. Seemingly, even at the midpoint, maybe above normal. And is that, again – is that driven by volume?
Theodore D. Crandall:
 :
Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, okay.
Theodore D. Crandall: And it is driven by volume and also on a sequential basis, just not a lot of spending increase as we go from Q3 to Q4.
Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, all right, limited spending. Okay, excellent. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And, the next question comes from of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning, Mark.
D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Keith, you mentioned that you're doing well with the OEMs in Europe. Does that imply that the OEM market is flat to down maybe in Europe? What's the market like right now, and what are your expectations for the market over the next few quarters?
Keith D. Nosbusch: If I left that impression that would be incorrect. The OEM market is growing in Europe. We are continuing to drive conversions. The fact that our European market was slightly up was more driven by the Solutions & Services variability that happens in the quarter, but we continue to see product growth in Europe. It's one of the reasons I mentioned motion had a good quarter which reinforces that also safety had a good quarter and that is also associated with success at OEM. So if you look at some of the European statistics and the most relevant one would be the German DD&A Association they projected a plus 3% growth for calendar 2014. So we’re still seeing growth in Europe in the OEM space and that's been quite frankly one of the highlights for us in Europe and the team there is doing a great job.
D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Well, I guess what I was highlighting is: How much are you outgrowing the OEM market itself? If it's 3%? Are you doing better than that as appose your – or total Europe.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think we’re probably almost double the underlying market.
D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then back on to process, are there challenges in executing your process initiative, or is it just happen to be the markets that you are exposed to versus the overall process automation space, because the process automation pace seems to be outpacing where your process growth is. Can you speak to that?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well I think what you may be seeing is more from an order standpoint and as appose to sales, but I don't think – right now I would not say we are having execution problems in executing our process initiative at all. That is not what I would put it on, we don't see any greater losses in our project, the win rates stays consistent, we continue to expand the footprint and our ability to address more applications and more industries, in particular there I'm referring to our growing capabilities in the chemical industry and of course we don't participate in the power generation distribution or refining and those tend to be our large projects and probably a little more market awareness because of the size of those of those projects, but we think we’re doing just fine. Actually on a global basis in the process space and it continues to be our best growth opportunity so right now I would put it on timing and I would be the first to tell you when we believe it is not bad.
D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you
Operator: Thank you for your questions. The next line of question comes from Jeremie Capron of CLSA Please go ahead.
Jeremie Capron – CLSA: Hi. Good morning, everybody
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning Jeremy
Jeremie Capron – CLSA: A question on the Asia-Pacific region: You said business in China was down year-over-year. Yet we're seeing pretty solid growth from a number of automation companies that have a larger presence in the country. And when I look at your Asia-Pacific revenue this quarter, $221 million is flat year-over-year, but it's pretty much the same as two years ago, and it's still lower than three years ago. So I'm wondering, could you help us understand what's holding you back in that region, both in terms of the near-term dynamics and over that three-year period?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well I don't have the three-year numbers here, so I can't comment on that fact and that's something we’ll follow-up with you on after the call, but with respect to the region, I would say our biggest challenge quite frankly has been India. And over the last couple of years we have seen significant reduction in our sales in India and that's probably been the biggest factor in the performance in the region. I think overall we continue to see growth opportunities in China, we are achieving growth in some of the mature markets, we've had good growth in Japan over that three year period and the only other one I would put in the category of India would be Australia and that’s where its been challenging obviously some of the strength in the Australian dollar over the last two years, the impact in mining and some of the decline of the manufacturing sector in Australia would be the other area where we see the weakness. So if you take out Australia and India, we still believe that we've been growing in the region and that our position has not been compromised or is significantly different than our competitors.
Theodore D. Crandall: Hey Jeremie this is Ted. The thing I would add and this strictly about China and strictly about the last year. We were down 5% in China, but we were up 16% sequentially in China in the quarter and year-to-date we’re up 8%. The sequential comparison or the year-over-year comparison in Q3 in China down five that's against the quarter last year when our sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 last year was 40%. So we believe the 8% year-to-date growth is much more indicative of our underlying performance and frankly the underlying performance of the market than the third quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: We don't think is much different than the competition in that regard either.
Jeremie Capron – CLSA: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. And Ted, as we've gone through the share buybacks, so you're running a little ahead of the initial plan, and you've got a new authorization out there. Should we expect the buybacks to continue well into next year?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think the expectation should be that we will continue to exhaust our free cash flow after acquisition spending on dividend and share repurchase. And so we will do that this year. We've may run a little but ahead of that depending on how cash flow comes in Q4 and depending on what we spend in Q4, but I think that's what your expectation should be going forward.
Jeremie Capron – CLSA: All right. That's very clear. Thank you very much.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you.
Rondi Rohr Dralle: We are at 8:30 Central U.S. time here, but I think we’ll keep going for a couple more questions because we got a late start. Okay.
Operator: Thank you the next line of questions comes from the line of Steven Winoker of Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thanks for fitting me in and good morning
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning Steve.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Ted, just on the backlog question, I guess backlog is normally about 20% or so of next 12-months' sales and for, I guess, CP&S is like 30%. And for one quarter out, that number, is it closer to 50%, because what I'm trying to get at here obviously is just your confidence level in not just the backlog piece of this, but the non-backlog piece that's allowing you to forecast the significant step-up next quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well Steve I think you know about roughly two thirds of our business is product sales where the backlog frankly isn't that important as a measure of performance in the next quarter. And a third of our business is Solutions & Services were with only one quarter to go the backlog is very important. So I would say on that third business, we have a pretty high level of confidence in our ability to deliver the sales and Solutions & Services. One the product side, I would say our confidence is less about backlog than it is about year-to-date performance in that business. The sales in order trends we saw as we came through Q3 and what we've heard from both our salespeople and our channel about expectations for Q4.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, all right. That's helpful. And then on the incremental margin side, therefore, to get to that 40% to 50%, you mentioned it's mostly volume. Is there any risk? You mentioned the spending is up or flat sequentially. Does that mean also – sorry, year-on-year in Q4, is that about 5% or 6% again, or is that less year-on-year, the spending increase?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would expect the year-over-year increase in Q4 to be closer to 3%.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: 3%, right. Okay. And the risk factor there very low at this point?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well I mean there are lot of factor that can influence the incremental margin, especially since it’s a kind of second order measure, but I would say on the spending side I don’t think there is a large risk of having a significant miss on spending.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Right. And pricing also?
Theodore D. Crandall: In pricing also I don’t think is, in terms of our assumption for the quarters I don’t believe are risky.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Right so it's back to volume. Okay. And sorry, one other sort of larger question, again. Ted or actually Keith on this, we've talked a lot in the past at prior Automation Fairs about the question of increasing competition on the process side as you guys have gained share and grown and other folks are trying to get their acts together there to come back. It's been a little while now. Are you seeing any kind of advancement in some of your competitive space here that's having any kind of impact on growth rates for you?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No I don’t think we had – we seen any change, we continue to compete based upon what we would call the modern DCS, which is plant wide optimization that we offer, its huge differentiator and then in some cases again certain process controlled companies we have intelligent motor control and in some industries that combination between control and power is very important and it’s a differentiator that we have. So we continue to be able to compete in both Brownfield as well as Greenfield applications, we certainly – it’s a tough market to your point, but we can feel that we can continue to grow share as we proceed and have it be one of the factors that gives us the opportunity to drive revenue growth.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, great. I'll pass it on, thanks.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall: Okay.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks Steve. Annette, we are just going to take one last question here and then we’ll wrap up the call after that. Okay?
Operator: Okay. Thank you. The last question comes from the line Andrew Obin of Band of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot for squeezing me in. Can you just give in terms of growth through the quarter, I understand the comps issue, but did the growth accelerate, orders growth accelerate through the quarter or stable and sort of decelerated? And specifically, if you could comment what you are seeing in the U.S.?
Theodore D. Crandall: The quarter played out a little similar to Q3 and we did see acceleration as we went through the quarter in particular June was the strongest month in the quarter and we see that continue as we have gone into July at this point.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
Theodore D. Crandall: You are welcome. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. All right well. Yes sorry again for the delay at the start of this call. I appreciate your patience on that. We’ll try to make sure that doesn’t happen again and I’m available obviously for calls after this. So thanks for joining us everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation’s Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everybody that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Frieda. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s second quarter fiscal 2014 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes the opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company’s performance in the second quarter and the first half, plus the outlook for the full year. And then Ted will provide more details on all of that. And then, of course, we’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. I’m sure you are all happy to be in the homestretch of earnings season. I’ll start with some highlights. So please turn to page four in this slide deck. We had another strong sales quarter with 7% organic growth and growth in all regions for the first time in over a year. Let me provide some more color on organic growth by region. The US grew 8% in the quarter, oil and gas continues to be the strongest performing vertical. In addition, we are now starting to see increased activity in chemicals. Auto remains relatively flat at high levels and the consumer goods industries are showing healthy growth. OEM sales were also strong in the quarter. Canada sales were up slightly, but [technical difficulty]
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: We are hearing some feedback or delay. So, I don't know, Frieda, can you do something to make that go away?
Operator: Okay, is it okay now?
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: I don't know, Keith, go ahead.
Keith Nosbusch: We will start up again. Canada sales were up slightly but there is continued weakness in resource-based industries. EMEA had another good quarter with 4% growth led by emerging markets. Our OEM business remains solid across the region. China's sales increase of 14% was the strongest driver of Asia-Pacific, 10% growth. Latin America had a better quarter and better growth this quarter at 9%. Double-digit growth in Mexico and Brazil offset the sales decline in the rest of the region. Emerging markets in total grew 11% in the quarter. I've got a couple of other comments on the topline, process sales grew 3% in the quarter, but quarter’s growth was stronger. For the first half, process sales grew 5% and we expect higher than 5% growth in the second half of the fiscal year. Logix grew 7% in the quarter with the highest growth in Asia-Pacific. In China, we're seeing good OEM adoption of our compact Logix controllers. Moving onto earnings, you often heard me talk about the quarterly variability of our earnings performance and the first two quarters this year clearly demonstrate that. It's more meaningful and more indicative of underlying trends to talk about our performance in the first half and we had a very good first half performance. On 7% organic sales growth we delivered over one point of segment operating margin improvement. Adjusted EPS grew 10% in spite of a significant headwind from a higher tax rate and cash flow was also very good in the first half with 92% free cash flow conversion on adjusted income. At the halfway point in the year, we are where we expected to be and are well-positioned as we entered the second half. Based on that, along with our expectations for continued stable market conditions, we are reaffirming sales and adjusted EPS guidance with a few tweaks. Compared to our previous guidance, organic growth will be a bit higher, offset by lower sales due to currency and acquisitions. And we're maintaining the adjusted EPS guidance range of $6 to $6.35 in spite of a higher tax rate. Ted will provide more color on the full-year and second half of the year in his remarks. I would like to take a moment to mention something that I’m very proud of. We recently received the Ethisphere award for the sixth time, naming us “One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies.” This recognition reflects our commitment to integrity, responsibility and accountability, all of which drive value for employees, partners, customers and shareholders. Before I wrap up, I just want to remind you of the Integrated Control and Information opportunity that we talked about at our investor conference last November. Integrated Control and Information, or ICI, is the next wave of innovation in the evolution of the integrated architecture, intelligent motor control and Logix’ multi-disciplined controls. It will provide the next generation of manufacturing and industrial productivity, thus, delivering business value to our customers across the entire automation investment lifecycle. ICI solutions enable the connected enterprise and makes manufacturing processes smart, productive and secure. We have the innovative technology, the smart people and the partners needed to deliver ICI and expand the value we provide to our customers and shareholders. Now, I’ll turn it over to Ted. Ted?
Ted D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start with chart number five – second quarter results summary. So another good quarter operationally with continued strong top line growth and pretty good underlying earnings conversion. There are a couple of unusual items impacting the year-over-year earnings comparison. I’ll highlight those, as we move through the charts. Revenue in the quarter was $1,601 million, up 5% compared to the second quarter of last year. Organic growth was 7% and currency fluctuations reduced sales by approximately 2 points. Q2 last year is our easiest comparison quarter but even given that still very good organic growth performance, and as Keith mentioned, pretty broad-based geographically Segment operating earnings in the quarter and the current period were $302 million, up 6% compared to Q2 last year. I’ll provide some additional color on operating earnings with our next chart. General corporate-net was $18.9 million in Q2 compared to $18.1 million in Q2 last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter was 27.9% that compares to an adjusted effective tax rate in the same period last year of 23.6%. In Q2, last year we benefited from a catch-up adjustment related to the extension of the US R&D tax credit. The benefit last year coupled with the absence of an R&D credit this year, increased the tax rate in Q2 by approximately 4 points accounting for pretty much of all the year over year increase. This is one of the unusual items I referred to. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.35 that compares to $1.33 in the same quarter last year, so up only about 2%. The higher tax rate reduced adjusted earnings per share by $0.08. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 140.2 million. We repurchased approximately 900,000 shares in the second quarter at a cost of about $111 million. At the end of Q2 there was 314 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Through the first half of the fiscal year, we’ve repurchased 1.9 million shares for approximately $221 million, so on pace to hit the $440 million full-year repurchase expectation that we talked about on the previous earnings calls this year. Moving to chart six, this is the graphical version of total company results for the second quarter. On the left side the chart you can see the 5% year-over-year sales growth; as I mentioned, that was 7% organic growth. Sales increased 1% sequentially. On the right side of the chart you'll note the year-over-year increase in segment operating earnings, total segment operating margin in Q2 was 18.9%, up 20 basis points from the second quarter of last year. Last quarter, we said we intended to increase spending, spending was up about 4% sequentially and about 6% year-over-year, so pretty much in line with our organic growth. Incremental earnings conversion was 22%, lower than would be expected with 7% organic growth. That brings me to the second unusual item. Conversion margin in Q2 was impacted by a significant year-over-year increase in variable compensation expense. Due to last year benefited from a year-to-date adjustment that reduced variable compensation expense that was related to a change to our full-year guidance at this time last year. The lower than normal variable compensation last year is causing about an $8 million negative comparison to the current quarter. If you adjust for that, conversion margin would be about 32%, within our target range and pretty good given a more aggressive spending increase in Q2. While not on the chart, our trailing four-quarter return on invested capital was 30.6% at the end of the second quarter. If you’ll turn to chart number seven, it summarizes the Q2 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Again, looking at the left side of this chart, sales reached $687 million, up 7% year-over-year as reported and up 9% organically. Sales were down in the segment 1% sequentially. Keith mentioned that Logix growth was 7%, a little below the segment average. Q2 was a very strong quarter for growth in our Motion Control business, and that’s consistent with continued success with OEM customers. Operating margin for the quarter was 27.7%. That’s up 1.1 points compared to Q2 last year. The 9% organic growth provided considerable volume leverage, which more than offset the effect of increased spending, a little unfavorable mix and the increased variable compensation expense. The next page, chart eight, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Compared to Q2 last year, sales were up 3% as reported and up 5% organically. Organic growth in both the Product business the Solutions & Service businesses was about 5%. Sales for the segment increased 2% sequentially, with the Product businesses and Solutions & Service businesses both up sequentially. Book-to-bill for the Solutions & Services businesses was 1.1 in Q2. On the right side of the chart, you’ll note that operating earnings were slightly lower than Q2 last year and operating margin declined by 0.8 year-over-year. The benefit of higher sales was more than offset by increased spending, increased variable compensation expense and larger than normal negative currency effects in the quarter. The next chart is a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I think Keith covered this one well in his comments, so I will turn to chart number 10 which is free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $188 million, another strong quarter. Year-to-date conversion on adjusted income is about 92%, that's a very good result for the first half of the year and we continue to expect conversion of about 100% for the full year. Turning to the next chart, this provides an EPS walk from the first half of last year for the first half of this year. It was a very good first half. Keith mentioned the quarterly variability of our results, that variability is a consequence of many factors including, for example, the two unusual items I talked about that impacted results this quarter. Because of the quarterly variability, the first half maybe a better representation of our underlying performance than either quarter taken alone. Looking at the bridge, EPS was up 10% increasing from $2.56 to $2.82. That's on organic sales growth for the first half of 7%. The 10% increase in EPS is despite a pretty significant headwind from tax rate which you can see here is worth about $0.11. A small increase in general corporate-net expense was offset by lower share count. And segment earnings were up 12% with incremental margin of about 38%. And that takes us to the final slide, chart 12, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal year 2014. As Keith mentioned, we continue to expect sales to be about 6.6 billion. However, we now expect organic growth for the full year to be about a half-point higher across the range. 3.5% to 6.5% organic growth compared to the previous guidance of 3% to 6%. That change will offset about a half-a-point of negative impact related to our updated estimates of the full-year currency effects and a little lower sales from acquisitions. We continue to expect segment margin for the full year to be about 20%. We are reaffirming guidance for adjusted EPS in the range of $6 to $6.35. We now expect a tax rate for the full-year of approximately 27%, that's at the high-end of our previous guidance of 26% to 27%. We still expect to spend about $440 million on share repurchases this year. And finally, we continue to expect general corporate net expense to be about $85 million for the full year. I know you all are aware that we don't provide quarterly guidance, but perhaps the following notes on the second half will be helpful as you start to put together your models. We expect healthy sequential growth in the second half, but solutions and services growth will be heavily weighted to Q4. That's a typical pattern for our solutions and services businesses. And the year-over-year comparisons, for the second half, growth rates will moderate compared with the first half, because the comparisons get more difficult. That's particularly true in the solutions and services businesses and, especially, in Q3. As I’ve said, we expect operating margin to be about 20% for the full year. Consistent with my comments on the pattern of second half sales growth, we would expect margin performance to also be weighted to Q4. Finally, we expect a lower tax rate in the second half due to the expected recognition of discrete tax benefits. It’s difficult to know for sure how that will fall out by quarter, but we expect the discrete tax benefits will be primarily in Q4. And, with that, I’ll turn it over to Rondi, and we can begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Ted, thanks. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say we do have quite a few callers in the question queue today, and we do want to get to as many of you as possible. So if you could limit yourself to a question and a follow-up and then get back in the queue, if you’ve got another topic that you want to talk about, so we’d appreciate your cooperation. And, Frieda, let’s take our first caller
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Please stand by for your first question. So your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Barclays. Please proceed.
Scott Davis: Good morning, everybody.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Scott.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: I wanted to get a sense – I mean; it sounds like your order book is good. If you look at your full year guidance, it implies the mid-point would be 5% core for the full year and you did 7 in the first half. So that would mean more like 3 in the second half. I mean, what leads you to that conservatism? Is there something that you’re seeing that – I know your comps are tougher. I get it. But it shouldn’t be to that extent, I wouldn’t think, but maybe you can dig into that a little deeper?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think the way you characterize it is exactly right, the percentages and the differences to the 5% number. We don't believe its conservative. The comps get much more difficult in the second half and certainly while the year-over-year will be lower, we still are going to see a significant sequential growth in both the third and fourth quarters. So we think its solid operating performance and nothing really happening in the markets themselves at this point in time.
Scott Davis: Okay. So, okay, I guess we will see where that comes out to and then just to clarify in 2Q some of the one-time expenses you had the true up on variable comp and such like that, is there things you identify in the back half the year that will mute some of your operating leverage that we should think about?
Keith Nosbusch: So I think in terms of sequential comparisons, improve margin in the back half of year is going to come primarily from volume leverage.
Scott Davis: Okay. But I guess my question is, are you expecting a more normalized operating leverage, volume leverage, in the back half versus 2Q or you know, clearly it was muted due to the higher cost.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly compared to Q2 but if you look at the first half, our conversion margin was 38%. I mean that's pretty close to what we would expect in second half.
Scott Davis: Okay. That's good color. Okay, I will pass it on. Thank you, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura Securities. Please proceed.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Shannon. How are you?
Shannon O'Callaghan: So just to clarify a little bit, just on this 2Q incrementals in the first place. So, I mean I get the point around some of these spending increase and the comp, but the A&S incrementals were really strong and it was mainly focused in CP&S, so was the comp issue more weighted to CP&S and you also mentioned an unusually large FX impact there, could you maybe just size the impact specifically between the segments?
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah. So, on the $8 million year-over-year increase in the variable comp expense, which I want to remind you is really consequence of lower expense last year. About 60% of that is CP&S and the remainder A&S. So, because CP&S is our heavier more people intensive business, it bears a larger share of that. CP&S also had an unusually large earnings impact on the currency translation impact in the quarter and that's a consequence primarily of our exposure in CP&S, both more to emerging markets, so countries like Brazil, Argentina, South Africa where we’re seeing some larger currency swings and also higher CPS exposure in Canada where we’re seeing continued weakening of the Canadian dollar.
Shannon O'Callaghan: And how big was that – that approximately the FX impact?
Keith Nosbusch: The currency year-over-year was ballpark about half-a-point.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. And then, just on the chemical market, you mentioned you're starting to see some activity there. Can you just mention maybe where you're seeing that occur and also how Rockwell is playing into those projects?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. Well, we're seeing that as the down stream effects of the production expansions that have been going on, particularly in North America at this point. And we’re seeing that as it flows into the chemical plants. You’ve heard about the expansion of petrochemical. But now we’re also seeing some of that – and this activity is really at the front-end coating and engineering studies that take place. But it’s also in the specialty and fine chemical areas as well. And we think those are very good opportunities for Rockwell given that it’s much more batch-oriented and, certainly, something that the integrated architecture and our safety capabilities have a great footprint to be able to be successful in.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Shannon.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from John Inch from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
John Inch: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, John.
John Inch: Good morning. What was the dollar amount of the spending this quarter – the heightened spending this quarter versus last quarter or year-over-year? How does that split between A&S and the CP&S?
Ted D. Crandall: So year-over-year spending increase was about $25 million. Sequentially, it was about $20 million. About half of the sequential increase was our normal merit increase that occurs January 1, and it’s split roughly 50/50 between the segments.
John Inch: And do you expect that cadence of spending, Ted, to continue for each of the next two quarters?
Ted D. Crandall: No, I think the sequential ramps will be somewhat less then the next couple of quarters and I think what I would expect to see is about a 5% increase in spending year-over-year in the second half.
John Inch: All right. What are you actually spending on and I'm assuming this is mostly people but could you flush out a little bit in terms of whether some of these investments and what kind of a payback do you expect on some of the spending?
Keith Nosbusch: The areas are really in two primary categories. The first one would be development engineering and that would be around a number of the things that we discussed at the investor meeting particularly the integrated control and information opportunities that we've identified as our ability to expand our certain market. The second would be in customer facing resources sales resources. We are adding those in different regions and countries of the world where we see the best growth opportunities. And as far as the payback on these investments, as you know these investments take time to be able to generate the new products so this is not something that we will see in the remainder of this calendar year. The sales resources will start helping, although it starts helping next fiscal year, although depending on where they are, sometimes the ramp-up and whether they are newer experienced employees, can be from 12 to 24 months before they become fully productive. And our product – our project schedules tend to be 12 to 30 months, depending on the scope and what exactly that project is and then we would have a ramp-up of sales after that period of time. So it's really investments for the future and that's why I did mention the fact that we believe we do have these growth opportunities and we've been talking about adding the investment for a number of quarters here. And certainly in the second quarter we were able to bring a lot of people on board and certainly we look forward to the benefits of that down the road.
John Inch: Yeah. No, I understand. Are you doing this in Asia or Europe or North America, or where's the emphasis?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, the development resources would be in our development centers and the majority of those would be in the US but we also would be adding development people in the Czech Republic and Poland, and then Singapore and China would be the two major ones in Asia. When you look at the salespeople, we have been adding salespeople in some of the emerging Europe markets. We've been adding in Latin America and to some degree in the US given some of the strength that we've seen in this country and we believe the longer-term potential.
John Inch: Yeah, okay. And then, just as a technical question, Ted, what if the R&D credit later this year is renewed? How does that work? Are you guys going to be able – are you going to go back and retroactively adjust your tax rates? Like you give us tax hit now, and people sort of assume it’s just part of ops. And then is there some sort of big fourth quarter number because the risk is Wall Street is just going to think that’s a one-time adjustment? Like how does this work in the past and maybe you could just talk us through the mechanics of that?
Ted D. Crandall: Yeah. So if the R&D tax credit were renewed before the end of our fiscal year – and, remember, we’re on a September fiscal year, not December. If it were renewed before the end of the fiscal year, then we would do a – and assuming it was renewed with retroactive application, we would do a catch-up adjustment for the full year. So that would be probably about 0.6, 0.7 point of lower tax rate for the year, if that happens.
John Inch: Okay. Got it. Thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Joe Ritchie: Hello, everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: So I understand the cadence on the CP&S organic growth for the remaining part of the year, as comps get tougher. But I was a little surprised by the growth this quarter of roughly 5% because you had easier comps, and then the book-to-bill on the Solutions side seemed to be pretty good both last quarter and this quarter. So just, perhaps, you can provide a little bit of color on the growth in that business specifically this quarter.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think, the book-to-bill is not really a good current quarter substitute for the CP&S Solutions business. It tends to be six months to a longer period before those projects really will enter into a shippable state. And so we do have this lag between the orders and the project completion. The second part of it is project business is lumpy. And depending upon where you are in the cycle of the project where the customer is and if they are doing some acceptance testing or if there has to be a delay because their project is delayed, the project business just is one that is very difficult to predict with certainty as to which ones will make it in a quarter and which ones will either fall out into the next quarter or a longer period of time. So it’s just a challenge from a forecasting standpoint, but book-to-bill is not the only indicator particularly you have to look at the aging of that book-to-bill as to when it is shippable in the future.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, that's helpful, Keith. And I just had one follow-up question on the – I just want to make sure I heard this correctly. So earlier you talk about incremental margins for the second half of the year. I think you said 38% which was comparable to first half. If I'm doing the math correctly, to get to the midpoint of your guidance, it looks like the implied incrementals are closer to 25%. And so are -- you effectively feel confident in the higher end of year guidance for the full-year by expecting 38 for the second half of the year?
Ted D. Crandall: Now Joe, I think you are doing the math incorrectly, but why don't you get with Rondi after the call. I think what you're going to see is the incrementals in the second half are in the high 30s.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Fair enough.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: So we do it on segment operating margins, so I don't know if that's the difference between the way you do it, but...
Joe Ritchie: Yeah. No, I was doing it on the segment level as well. We can catch up after the call though.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Just a very helpful color on the sequencing in the second half, I guess the seasonality from 2Q to 3Q has been a bit all over the map. I think the 1.1 book-to-bill and to your comments, is kind of similar to 1.1 or 1.15 you’ve done in the last couple of years, so nothing really stand out there. But I guess last year you were up 5% sequentially, second quarter to third quarter, is that kind of the right range to think about? As always I’m asking, I know you don’t give quarterly guidance, but you’re trying to kind of baseline our models here, because there are – it's seems like there are some moving parts with the lumpiness.
Keith Nosbusch: I think – well, without providing quarterly guidance I think I would say the 5% sequential increase last year was unusually large.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Okay. So I guess the then year-over-year comp will be similar third quarter, fourth quarter, I guess, is that the right way to look at it? Or a little bit weaker in the third?
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, I suspect a little weaker in the third.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then you mentioned the margins, you guys did 20 bps of segment margin improvement this quarter. Is that the right kind of framework for the third quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Steve, I don’t want to get that detailed in the quarterly numbers.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last question on the ForEx. Companies like 3M which are seeing similar kind of foreign exchange impact or seeing a lot of price go through in kind of a related way. So the ForEx change was pretty dramatic in Latin America, and your organic growth was very strong. Was there an unusual kind of pricing element in the 9% organic there or is it not kind of the same dynamics for you guys?
Ted D. Crandall: No. I would say there is no unusual pricing item in the organic.
Steve Tusa: Okay. All right. Thanks for the detail. I appreciate it.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thanks for your question. The next question comes from the line of Steve Winoker from Sanford Bernstein.
Steve Winoker: Thanks and good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Good morning.
Steve Winoker: Can you maybe comment on the incremental growth versus your prior expectations? I mean, it clearly sounds likes you’re seeing acceleration and some momentum here. But where specifically and which segments and vertical and geographies, did you actually see the extra kind of -- are you comfortable with the extra 0.5% or is it just too widespread?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, it would be pretty widespread. But, certainly, we’ve seen strong organic growth in A&S. That’s been the better performing segment with respect to the Product sales that we’ve seen year-to-date. And then, certainly, I would say, the US has continued to perform probably a little bit stronger, and we don’t see any reason for that to change. And it’s really those two that told us we could offset the currency. And acquisition was a little stronger organic growth for the year. And that's basically how we came at what we call the tweak of the make up of the sales number which stayed the same.
Steve Winoker: Okay. And on the process growth side, you mentioned up 5%, and I think going higher and it was, what, 8% last quarter and this has clearly been a two-pronged story in terms of both end markets and penetration. How are you viewing that opportunity, Keith, particularly you talked about the downstream opportunities, etcetera, but is that kind of -- where is the biggest opportunity there and you expected to stay in that range or sort of consistently go higher?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we do expect the second half process to be higher than the first half and the first half as you've said was 5%. So we are expecting it to go up and we see the best opportunity there continue to be in oil and gas. We will get a little bit of help with vMonitor acquisition that we talked about which is really focused at least at this point of its growth into the oil and gas industry. So it’s a nice play into that space. But we are also at least in North America we are beginning to see some investment in the legacy pulp and paper applications. And so it’s a very aged old installed base and we see that starting to have a little bit more of a pickup and we have a pretty good footprint there in our motor control and now with the process capabilities we can do the wet end of the paper plans as well. So – but really the strongest play is oil and gas and we got a couple of other opportunities that we believe will get us to that higher growth in the second half.
Steve Winoker: Okay, great. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglass: Keith, can you talk some more about China? It's interesting how your growth has been so strong this half with the Pia mine, other indicators in China being weaker, whereas last year you had really – you have had declines in a – what seemed to be a better macro. Can you talk about squaring that circle and what's going on in China for you?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. Well, the first one, you've kind of touched upon and that is, we had a very weak first half last year and then obviously a much stronger second half, but which is why we're talking about the tough comparables, and China will be one of those tough comparables. But really, we're seeing continued growth for us into the consumer related industries. So auto continues, Food & Beverage, the – as they continue to build out and grow the middle class, they’re taking – and the concerns they have over quality and safety of their food supplies. These are all areas that are very important to us. Oil and gas continues to be a good growth for us in China, and the OEM performance was probably the leader there. The OEM was very strong this quarter. And that’s just some of the work that our team did there last year, as we – as quite candidly as we struggled in the first half. We’ve really focused on a couple of areas where we thought the best opportunities were. And, particularly, as their infrastructure spending comes down and there is no spending in the metals, minimal spending in the cement industry now compared to historical, we had shepherd our resources into the areas where we could see the growth. And we added capabilities and put resources into OEMs and into the consumer products industries. And I think we’re seeing the benefits of some of that activity now.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Thank you. And then can you do a walk-around of what you’re seeing in automotives around the globe as far as their investment spending?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. The spending in Europe continues to be very weak, and we don’t see that changing dramatically, as time goes on here. The US spending continues to be relatively high. But we haven’t seen it growing, but it’s at a higher level. And we believe that the projects will continue, as time goes on. So that's been a very positive part of our US business, but we don't see the US spending increasing. Latin America, the strength has been Mexico and Brazil and there has been -- as you know a significant investment from the foreign car manufacturers into Mexico and we continue to see investment going on there. If we go to Asia, we don't do much in Japan, but certainly China is where all the action is in automotives. And there we see mainly the spending in the passenger car side and heavy with the joint ventures. And that's where we've been able to make most of the inroads. We do participate in the domestic market, the domestic car manufacturers, but they are not investing at the same levels and rates as the joint ventures are. So it’s a little more weighted to the JV. So really we see the automotive industry as one that continues to provide opportunities for Rockwell. In particular, it’s a very automation intensive industry and automation intensive for a lot of the A&S product portfolio. And then I only will finally comment that we also as we have mentioned activities that we work with FANUC on with powertrain. We see the powertrain as a longer-term growth opportunity in a space that we did not participate fully in all the applications and that will help us in the future.
Mark Douglass: Great. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: You're welcome. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from MKM Partners. Please proceed.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, we can, Josh. Go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Thanks. So maybe just a little more color on the cadence of business through the quarter, any impacts from weather, it seems like you guys aren’t really calling that out as much. And then, any dispersion between larger project and more small – small ticket business, maybe outside of the bigger stuff in service and solutions, but maybe more in kind of the core automation?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. The – with respect to the quarter itself, it was a pretty typical quarter. March is always the strongest month for us and this March was. And I would say that nothing inconsistent in how the quarter flowed. If we talk about the project activity, we're not seeing any, I'll say, meaningful change in project delays or anything like that. So it seems like that continues to be at the pace that we have seen earlier. And then, secondly, your comment about the size of the projects, that would depend on where we are. I would say that the majority of the projects in North America are the smaller projects. We have not seen large ones at this point in time. So that means most of it is modernization as opposed to, I’ll say, Greenfield capacity at this point. And my comments about pulp and paper fit right into that type of a scenario. If we go outside, in particular, emerging markets is where we see more of the Greenfield. And certainly there is the major project tend to be less resource-driven in China at the moment or, I should say, less metals in heavy industry – less metals, less cement and, certainly, tend to be more in the consumer space at this point in time. From a weather standpoint, we had a couple of days where our service engineers couldn’t get to customers. But given all the other moving parts we had this quarter that was certainly not one to point out. It cost us a little bit but, certainly, not to the extent that the other two or three that Ted mentioned earlier in his comments.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up on the comment that you're not seeing a lot of Greenfield work in North America. Do get the sense that your customers are sitting back on their heels right now and watching? Or is that something that is maybe more of a next year dynamic and for the time being there's really not a lot of, I will call, a pent-up demand for Greenfield spending?
Keith Nosbusch: In the US, I don't think we've seen a lot of Greenfield spending other than when the automotives came back from their downturns and I would say the automotives came back meaning that, when they do new lines and new models you can think of it as Greenfield because we basically re-do it. I think where we are starting to see some of the indications and why I mentioned chemicals is, I think we are starting to see the generation of new chemical plans and that's a broad spectrum, but I think it’s really the downstream from the energy play that's been going on whether it be oil or gas. We are now seeing -- we will see more Greenfield or I should say just large projects as they move that down the process and stream.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: You're welcome, Josh.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. And next question comes from Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: We've covered a lot of ground, so just a couple of quick follow-ups, so Ted you gave some color on 3Q already, more color than someone who doesn’t give quarterly guidance, yet, FX relative to what we saw in 3Q, does it look similar in 3Q, down about two points?
Ted D. Crandall: I think right now I would expect FX earnings impact to be lower in Q3 than Q2.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then the 50 bps impact to CPF margins from FX. Is that because the – kind of the Brazil etcetera, carry higher margins or is there another reason, is there some sort of revenue cost this much closing that pinch?
Ted D. Crandall: No. I mean I don’t think it's higher margins in those countries, it's just – it's a consequence of the impact on the transactions in those countries in the currency depreciation as well as summary measurement losses on the balance sheet.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then just wanted to dig into, I think you mentioned some discrete tax items which probably hit in 4Q, Ted. Number one, were those in your guidance originally and since we're now looking at $0.27 tax rate for the year that implies 3Q is going to be higher than $0.27?
Ted D. Crandall: The discrete items were largely in our original tax guidance at the beginning of the year.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Ted D. Crandall: And it's hard to call exactly how those will fall out in the balance of the year, but I think they will be more weighted to Q2 which would suggest – I'm sorry, Q4. So if you think about an average in the second half of about 26%, I think we're going to be higher than that in Q3.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks Ted.
Ted D. Crandall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Rich Kwas: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just a quick one for me. On the book-to-bill, the 1.1 – last quarter, it was 1.1 as well. And my impression was that you’d expect some kind of tick-up here in Q1 versus Q1. So could you just give us some color on how that relates to expectations? And then if it was below expectation for the quarter, was there just – I know, Keith, you just said there wasn’t really any project push-outs, but it is a lumpy business. But just what are you seeing that would have pushed that number to be flat sequentially?
Ted D. Crandall: So, Rich, this is Ted. So I’d say the 1.1 in Q1 was lower than what we would normally expect to see in Q1. 1.1 in Q2 is pretty much normal expectation for Q2, so no big surprise here. It came in pretty much the way we expected it to come in.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So no real change versus what you were thinking going into the quarter?
Ted D. Crandall: Correct.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Rich.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. I think we’ve got time for one last caller.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from line of Richard Eastman from Robert W Baird. Go ahead, please.
Richard Eastman: Yeah. Keith, could you just talk to – as we look to the end of the fiscal year and you’ve got your core – Rockwell has got their core revenue growth guidance on the board. When you look at how the two segments will play out relative to that guidance, it appears as though the Architecture & Software business will be towards the high end from a growth perspective. Maybe, core growth will be 6, 6.5% versus the CP&S business will be towards the lower end. And I’m – I am just curious, from your perspective, is there a message in those growth rates relative to where we are in the cycle, or is spent, again, are getting this ICI theme? I mean, how do you view the growth rates in those two pieces of business relative to the cycle, global business cycle?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, for the full-year A&S would be at the higher end to your point, probably around 7% and CP&S would be lower, probably around 4 to get you to that average that you talked about. We don't believe that that indicates anything from the cycle. I think what we are seeing is that the industries where we see the best growth is the US and certainly the US is a heavier A&S content then CP&S because of two reasons. One, the types of the industries that we support and then secondly, there is a very mature system integrated market here and many of our product go through the system integrators as opposed to through our solutions business in the US, particularly in the consumer products industry. And so we get solidly heavier product content in that. When we go outside the US, it’s more our people have to supply the project work and so it’s different in that regard, so.
Richard Eastman: Okay, I understand. And then just one last question, on the OEMs side of the business and the OEM sales, has there been any shift in end markets or applications that's noticeable? I tend to think of the OEM business as being kind of packaging, food and bev oriented. There's been so much talk and investment into the robotics industry, the collaborative side, the smaller payload robots. Is there any shift in that business towards a compact logic or anything that suggests that that could be a growth driver going forward?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we certainly believe the OEMs would be a growth driver. And as I mentioned, our Motion business had a strong quarter and we had good OEM growth in China, in the US and parts of Europe. So – and part of that is because of compact Logix to your point. It allows us to have a better price point and sell the Architecture across to customer's complete portfolio of machines. But you have to think a little broader of the OEM space, if you will. Certainly, the most recognizable one is packaging and quite frankly, when you go to pack expo, that's what it is all about. It's around packaging machines and those are big displays whether it’d be in Chicago or Las Vegas or Europe. But the other segments are very important. Tire is a very important segment. We do very well in that globally. We have process skewed OEMs that equipment comes into a processing plant. And many times, our controllers are what are on that equipment, including drives and instrumentation with our partner. So there are multiple segments. We have the heavy industries’ activities, the energy, some of the compressor and turbine OEM. So it’s much broader than just packaging. Material handling is a very important segment. And then to your point, robotics, and a lot of times we work on that with a lot of the end of the line packaging equipment as well as robotics into automotive. So we have like six segments in the OEM space that we focus on, and I would say we haven’t seen any dramatic shift in those segments. Packaging has been very strong for the last couple of years. Tire has been very strong. And we’ve been improving our ability to compete particularly in the process skid with our Process initiative. And then also some of our drive technology has opened up more opportunities in converting print and web, in particular, converting into home and personal care side is a very important segment for us as well.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank you, Rick.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. With that, we’re going to wrap up today’s call. So we just want to thank all of you for joining us. And, of course, I’d be available to answer any more questions after the call. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect, and thank you for joining.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Jeffrey Sprague- Vertical Research Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions)  At this time I would like to turn the call over to CFO, Ted Crandall. Please proceed, sir.
Theodore D. Crandall: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings release conference call. I am filling in for Rondi today who unfortunately is a bit under the weather and unable to join us. Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO is here with me this morning.  Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights of the company's performance in the first quarter and outlook for the full year. Then I will provide more detail on both of those and we’ll take questions at the end of my remarks.  Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. And with that I will turn it over to Keith. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Ted and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. I hope everyone is enjoying winter. I know we’re all having fun with the snow and a bit of cold here in the Midwest.  I will start with the highlights for the quarter, so please turn to Page four in the slide deck. We had a very good start to the year with 7% organic sales growth in the quarter. I will start with some color on the region and verticals.  The U.S. led the way with 10% growth. Oil and gas and food and beverage were the strongest industries in the U.S. Canada sales were basically flat with mixed performance across the verticals. And EMEA enjoyed some momentum with 5% growth as they continue to find opportunities to grow and outperform the market. It was great to see Asia return to growth led by China. Latin America, our best growth region all of last year was a little soft due to difficult business climates in Argentina and Venezuela and weakness in mining across the region. However Brazil and Mexico continue to perform well as both grew double-digit.  Overall the picture for verticals is similar to what we said last quarter. Oil and gas and food and beverage were the strongest, automotive was pretty flat and mining and metals were the weakest. Here are a couple of other sales related metrics that I know you are always interested in. Process grew 8% in the quarter with the U.S leading the way. We are now including vMonitor in our numbers, so our full year growth expectation is closer to 10%.  Logix grew 6% in the quarter, the same as architecture and software as a whole. The Motion Control business within A&S experienced very strong growth reflecting continued success with OEM customers.  We closed on two important acquisitions recently. vMonitor which brings wireless solutions for monitoring and controlling well head and upstream oil and gas applications; and Jacobs Automation which is a leader in intelligent track motion control technology for OEM machine builders. Both of these acquisitions bring intellectual capital and differentiated technology and we are excited to have them as part of our company.  So to finish with this slide. Profitability was very strong in the quarter with adjusted earnings per share growth of 20%. I'll let Ted provide more details of our earnings in his remarks.  I guess I want to mention one more thing before I leave the quarter. Control Magazine an industry leading publication exclusively dedicated to the global process automation market recently issued the results of this year’s readers’ choice survey. We had another very strong showing with 41 wins in control industry and product categories, the most of any process company. Of the six controlled discipline awards we won three with no other company winning more than one. This again reinforces the power of our differentiated multi-discipline logics control platform.  In the industry awards we won 28 out of 53, the second place supplier won only 14. These results along with the diversity of applications we continue to win, reflect the breadth of our capabilities and domain expertise in process. We continue to gain ground as a leading DCS supplier.  So let me give you our thoughts about fiscal 2014. From a macroeconomic perspective forecasts for GDP and industrial production are similar to what they were a quarter ago and call for increased growth as we proceed through the fiscal year. Global PMI has improved somewhat. And while most of our customers have not yet declared their CapEx plans our front log of opportunities is solid.  Given this macro perspective and our results for the first quarter we are raising the lower end of our guidance. We now expect fiscal 2014 organic sales growth of 3% to 6% and adjusted EPS guidance of $6 to $6.35. Ted will provide more details about sales and earnings guidance in his remarks.  Before I close I'd like to thank those of you who came to Houston to attend Automation Fair and our Investor Conference. We introduced integrated control and information which expands our served market and enables our customers realize their vision of a connected enterprise. We are confident that integrated control and information deepens our focus on innovation and domain expertise which enables us to provide attractive returns for our shareholders.  So to wrap it up, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We are executing very well across the globe and I want to thank our employees, suppliers and partners for their dedication and expertise in continually expanding the value we provide to our customers.  With that I'll turn it over to Ted. 
Theodore D. Crandall:  Thanks, Keith, good morning, everybody. My remarks will start with page five with our first quarter result summary. This was a good quarter with very healthy top line growth and strong earnings conversion.  Revenue in the quarter was $1.592 billion, that's up 7% compared to compared to the first quarter of last year. The net impact of currency fluctuations and acquisitions was negligible. So organic growth was also 7%. Segment operating earnings were $328 million, up 19% compared to $276 million in Q1 last year.  General corporate net expense was $21.7 million compared to $18.5 million in Q1 last year. That's pretty close to the expected full year run rate. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 27.8%. That compares to an adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 last year of 26.6%.  Adjusted earnings per share was $1.47, up 20% compared to $1.23 a year ago. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 140.4 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 1 million shares at a cost of about $111 million. And at the end of Q1 there was $424 million remaining under our $1 million share repurchase authorization.  Moving to page six, this is the graphical version of total company results for the first quarter. As I noted on the prior slide the year-over-year increase in sales for Q1 was 7%, sales declined 7% sequentially, a pretty normal result for Q1.  On the right side of the chart you can see the year-over-year increase in operating earnings. Operating margin in Q1 was 20.6% that’s a 2.1 point increase compared to Q1 last year and primarily reflects volume leverage on the 7% organic sales growth and just a modest increase in spending year-over-year. It’s not unusual for increases in our spending to start off a bit slower in the beginning of the year and we expect spend to increase as we proceed through the balance of the year.  Q1 operating earnings included $6 million of income related to a legal settlement in our Architecture and Software segment. This settlement increased operating margin in the quarter by four-tenths of a point. This was a follow on to the legal settlement income we talked about last quarter and we believe this is the final income we will recognize related to this matter. It's not displayed on the chart but our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 31.4%.  Now let's turn to page seven which summarizes the Q1 results of the Architecture and Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart sales increase 6% year-over-year, organic growth was also 6%. Sales decreased 3% sequentially. Operating margin for the quarter was 30.4%, up 2.5 points compared to Q1 last year. The A&S margin benefited from higher sales as-well-as the aforementioned legal settlement. For the segment the legal settlement increased operating margin by nine-tenths of a point.  The next page covers our Controlled Products and Solutions segment. Sales in the quarter were up 8% compared to last year. Currency effects reduced sales in this segment by one point. So organization growth was 9%. The Solutions and Services portion of this segment grew by 10% and the product portion by 7%. Sales declined 11% sequentially with products down 2% sequentially and solutions and services down 16%.  Book-to-bill for solutions and services was 1.1. We were pleased to see that above 1 but that's a little lower than normal for our first quarter. We did have a relatively strong growth in solutions and services sales but even with that we would have liked to have seen the book-to-bill more in the range of 1.15 to 1.2.  Operating margin in Controlled Products and Solutions was 13% compared to 11.2% in Q1 last year, that's up 1.8 points.  Turning to the next page, this provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter and Keith covered a lot of in his comments. I'll focus just a few comments on the far right column which displays organic growth. First I would reinforce a very strong performance in the U.S. with 10% growth.  As Keith mentioned it was another strong performance in EMEA with sales up 5%. Growth was stronger in emerging markets in EMEA and it was another good quarter for growth with OEM customers.  Asia Pacific was up 7% year-over-year also with strong results in emerging markets. China was up 21% and India returned to growth up to 13%, in both cases admittedly off easy comparisons.  In Latin America growth was 3%. As Keith mentioned we continued to see strength in Mexico and Brazil, both with double-digit growth in the quarter. But we experienced sales declines in the Andean region primarily related to mining. We had a large mining project that hit in Q1 last year so a difficult comparison. And sales declined year-over-year in Argentina due to import restrictions.  In Canada sales were down slightly compared to Q1 last year with growth in automotive and consumer more than offset by declines in mining and other heavy industries.  I'll turn now to page 10 the free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $179 million. That represents about 86% conversion on adjusted income. That's also a good start to the year.  Turning to the final slide, page 11 summarizes our current outlook for fiscal '14. As Keith mentioned we've increased the lower end of our sales and EPS guidance range. We continue to expect sales to be approximately $6.6 billion. We now expect organic growth to be between 3% and 6% compared to the previous range of 2% to 6%. At the low end and mid-point of sales guidance we now expect slightly higher organic sales partially offset by increased currency headwinds.  We believe that currency and acquisitions were about to offset for the full year but that net amount has gone from slightly positive in our previous guidance to now slightly negative. We continue to expect segment operating margins to be about 20%. The new adjusted EPS guidance range is $6 to $6.35. We now expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be between 26% to 27%. That's up from our previous guidance of 26%.  The new adjusted EPS guidance range reflects the benefit of our somewhat higher organic sales, offset by unfavorable currency effects, slightly higher incentive compensation expense and a little higher tax rate. We don't provide quarterly guidance but as it relates to the second quarter and particularly as it relates to margins I would remind you that our annual merit increases kick in on January 1st and we do expect to ramp investment spending. We also will not have a reoccurrence of legal settlement income, so we don't expect operating margin in Q2 to be as high as it was in Q1.  Last week there were significant currency movements, primarily in some emerging markets. The changes in those rates are not included in our new guidance and if those rates remain at current levels through the balance of the year that would create some additional currency headwind for us.  We continue to expect free-cash flow conversion to be about 100% of adjusted income subject primarily to acquisition opportunities we still expect to spend about $440 million on repurchases this year. However we're now projecting that full year average shares outstanding will be about 140 million. That's up less than 1 million shares from what we expected in November and due to a higher share price.  And finally we still expect general corporate net expense to be about $85 million for the full year. And with that I think we can move to Q&A. As we do so I would like to ask you that you limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up so that we can try to get to as many of you as possible today. Operator we can move to first question. 
Operator: Thank you sir. Our first question comes from Richard Eastman, Robert W. Baird. Please proceed. 
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, good morning. Just a question on the book-to-bill, you basically did flag the fact that it was maybe a little bit softer than you expected, still comfortably north of one. But I am curious if you can pinpoint any industries or perhaps geographies that you know maybe led just slightly less seasonal uptick and a book to bill.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah Rick I think where we saw a little bit weaker was primarily in our motor control businesses and we think probably more than any other industry a slowdown in mining is responsible for that.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay and then also just quick follow-up, the tone in the auto or transportation side of the business?
Keith D. Nosbusch: With the automotives we would say that it’s basically hit out flat but remember this is at a very high level of investment. And I think we are starting to see mixed results with obviously Europe a little lower, as Ted mentioned automotive was strong in Canada and auto will remain strong in Latin America and it will probably flatten in the U.S. and remain flat in the U.S. and Asia is how we see the automotive at this point in time.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay, very good. Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall:  You are welcome Rick.
Operator:  Next question, Scott Davis, Barclays. Please proceed. 
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital:  Good morning Keith and Ted. 
Theodore D. Crandall:  Good morning Scott.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital:  Couple of things, first I just wanted to get a little bit more color on China and India. I mean China has been a real rollercoaster. Is there any sense of stability there for you and any sense of increased predictability there going forward?
Theodore D. Crandall: Okay well let me start with the second part of that. The answer is no, unpredictability. I think you know I think China is going through the natural evolution from high growth to a more stable type of growth and I think they are going to see cyclicality or I should say isolations around that growth trend line. And so I would say we don't believe we’ll have more predictability and we’ll continue to see fluctuations.  We certainly believe now that we’re in a stable point in the China market and with the China economy but as you know they have a number of potential issues that continue to be concerning whether it be the credit availability or the shadow banking or the excess capacity with SOEs in some of the heavy industry. So they continue to work through those areas but I think we are at a stable part and exports appear to be reasonable at this point in time as well as investment in some of their consumer industries which is one of the areas that we’re very focused on and the OEMs continue to perform well in China.
Keith D. Nosbusch:  Hey Scott maybe what I would add is in both China and India our sales quarter to quarter tend to be a little more variable because of project content and in the case of India the underlying orders were not as strong as the growth and I don't think we would stay there. We think we have turned the corner yet. And in China our expectations for the full year is still high single digit so we’re not getting overly excited about 21% quarter.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital:  Yeah it makes sense. Guys can we just talk quickly about oil and gas. And you know there is a lot of mixed feedback we’re getting from companies you know, some notable big companies like Shell for example they cut CapEx recently. I mean are you seeing any slowdown in your front-log in that specific vertical?
Theodore D. Crandall: No, our front-log has remained pretty stable. I think what we need to be watching for with respect to your comment is are we starting to see projects being slowed pushed out and at this point in time we have been seeing that with the exception of Canada where they’re in the middle of some very large project rollouts and it’s just not the availability to work the next stage of projects at this point. So we see a little bit of a low in the order rate in Canada and certainly that's related to the previous heavy investments that were going into the oil sands. 
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital: Okay that's very helpful. Thanks guys and good luck.
Theodore D. Crandall: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Inch, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank : Good morning everyone. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Good morning John. 
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank : Strength in the U.S. Keith and Ted do you have any sense may be if you could just give us a sense of how December played out and do you think there might have been any kind of the U.S. company say I don't want to use the term budget flush because I think that's a little too sensational but I think I've been spending maybe based on confidence just kind of what you are hearing from the channel what you saw in the United States to help drive the 10%?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well quite frankly December was very strong for us. And as far as on a year-over-year comparison it was the strongest month in the entire quarter. And quite candidly that's a comment worldwide not just the U.S. But that would lend to believe that there was some, that there was end of the year spending that was going on and I think that was a piece of it. Plus I think it was just the continued belief in an improving the economy and a little more confidence in that, after I would say during the summer timeframe, I think it was a little weaker in that regard. And so the combination of the end of the year and greater confidence probably led to a little higher spending as we exited the calendar year. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: John that said I would also say though that January has been pretty much what we expected. 
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank : Right. okay, so that makes economic sense. Some of your industrial peers are perhaps making a little bit more of mountain out of a molehill in terms of this weather issue. You guys see any of this, obviously weather has been pretty austere right, throughout the Midwest, Northeast. Have you seen any sort of an impact with respect to may be your flow goods business or anything that you would perceptively call out that maybe could have offset some of this budget spending? 
Theodore D. Crandall: No, at this point we have not seen order pattern aberrations based upon a very, either miserable day in the Midwest or East Coast or wherever it’s occurred in different phases. So I think that has been a minimal impact for us and I wouldn't call that any different than what we normally see during let's just say a milder winter. 
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank : Okay. And then just may be lastly. Keith could you characterize sort of the state of China with respect to competition because clearly you have Japanese competitors that could be perhaps taking advantage of the yen. I think it's clear that China is improving right for lots of automation players which have done exceptionally well and I just want to sort of fixed up a little bit to Scott’s question could you may be comment towards your confidence or the sustainability of improvement maybe north of 20%, given the backup really of what could be some advanced competition from either local players, Japanese players that sort of things. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: You are absolutely right there is no question China is a place that we see the Japanese competition more than any other region in the world. And they continue to be a very strong competitor. We believe that the portfolio that we have and the focus that we have in particular on OEMs and consumer industries that we're able to compete very effectively.  I would say the other dimension of competitiveness or I should say competition is given that there is a slowing in particular some of the heavy industries, metals and cement in China, that those projects when they do come up are very, very competitive from a project and therefore solutions business.  So I think we're seeing increased competitiveness simply because there is fewer projects in the heavy industries and you know that’s not unusual and we think we can continue to win our fair share of those. But the fact of the matter is there are just not as many and that’s why I made a comment earlier about some of the overcapacity, particularly in the SOE.  The one exception to that would be China will continue to invest in oil and gas and they are continuing to invest in offshore projects and they’re just at the start of determining whether or not they can create a shale industry. There’s been recent reports that indicates they have shale reserves greater than the U.S. and the real question is how difficult is it to get to and they don't have the technology but will western technology be able to help them untap that. And I think that’s a wild card down the road but I think that’s the other potential play that we see in China going forward to offset the other heavy industry comments I made.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank : And I am sorry, do you think you are positioned to capture that opportunity in oil and gas in China?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think if we look at what we’re able to do in the U.S. in that space I think we have a good opportunity to compete effectively. Capture, I mean that’s we’ll see how it plays out. I think the bigger question is will China be able to tap that energy resource if they are I believe we will be able to compete effectively for projects just like we have in some of their offshore business and shale opportunities in the U.S. over the last couple of years.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank : Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Keith D. Nosbusch: You are welcome John.
Operator:  Our next question is from Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo. Please proceed. 
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities:  Hi good morning everyone. Just a few questions. Can you talk on auto, I know we’re at a high level CapEx and your North American production is growth that we see slowing down but when you look at some of the investments being made by the transplant European base, Asian base transplants in Mexico and in other places, how much benefit do you get from that over the next couple of years? I know you’re mix with the Detroit guys is pretty strong and very strong position there but how do you frame the opportunity with the other manufacturers over the next few years?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes well Mexico is the place where we will see continued investment to your point. There has been number of plants announced by both Asian and European as well as continued expansion of U.S. so let’s take the Asian transplants. I would say that’s probably the most difficult market for us because many times they work with their same partners they have in Japan and those tend to be the Japanese control manufacturers. So we can win pieces of that business but the heavy investment, particularly via what comes in on some of the OEM lines tend to be more Japanese brand.  With respect to European competitors our toughest challenge there would be with BMW and Audi quite candidly. That will come in with Siemens equipment on but we can certainly compete for portions of the business even there, but also the other European transplants we have a much better opportunity to win those projects, and certainly we also believe with some of our expanding capabilities in power training now that we’re in a better position to compete in that portion of the projects as well. 
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay that’s helpful. So it sounds like Daimler and BMW are potential and you already have a good position there but there is opportunity to grow if they grow there.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes we do well with them in their transplants in the U.S. So Mexico is not that -- we think we can be consistent with our supporting capabilities in Mexico as we have demonstrated in their U.S. clients already.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. And then just two quick ones for Ted on Logix, I think 6% growth this quarter, is the outlook still on that high single digit growth rate for Logix in ' 14? And then the other piece of it is with the incremental being so strong this quarter it seems like the bias for the year that the incrementals are getting close to the 35, rather than 30 is that a fair statement?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So first on Logix, we would continue to expect for the full year that Logix would be somewhere above the average for Architecture and Software. So I would say higher single digits. In terms of the margins I think you are right on for the balance of the year. I mean we are not expecting, obviously the 20.6% is above our full year guidance for operating margin.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: All right. Okay, great. Thank you.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Sprague- Vertical Research: Hi. My first question just goes a little bit just more around that question of incremental margins and kind of investment spending. Can you give us a sense of just order of magnitude there and then what it's point at and can it play a role on the top line in the 2014 or is it more a kind of setting at 2015 and beyond?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. So let me start at the back of that. I think clearly the investment spending that we put in place going forward now in the balance of the year will benefit us beyond 2014 and we should not expect to return in 2014. What we spend on is largely R&D and product development related, we have talked about in the past our focus on continuing to expand the Logix capabilities and also continued investment in our Intelligent Motor Control offering.  In terms of ramp, I think what you should expect is the rate of growth in spending in the balance of the year is going to exceed our rate of growth in sales in the balance of the year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: And I would also just add to that, that we also will have an increase in spending due to the acquisitions that we just recently completed but they would add in the same categories that Ted mentioned but that's another incremental increase from a year-over-year standpoint.
Jeffrey Sprague- Vertical Research: Thank you for that. And then just I guess back to kind of the tone of business. Is there any change in kind of the nature of demand that you are seeing, you said there is a little bit of increased confidence to spend money but are we shifting from MRO or smaller projects to kind of greenfield or bigger expansions projects. Is there anything there to kind of spike up?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well that would depend on the region, Jeff. In the U.S., I would say we are not seeing large projects, the majority of the increases and front logs that we see at this time is continued small project and I will say expansion and productivity investments continued as opposed to what I would call greenfield. If you go to Europe certainly the strength that we had in the emerging markets, that is all greenfield with respect to, I will call it, mature Europe, there we are seeing some greenfield investment in oil and gas. It may not be -- it may not end up in Europe, but the engineering and procurement occurs in Europe and a lot of that is offshore activities in oil and gas. And as we see the continuing investments at OEMs in Europe and a lot of that gets exported back into the U.S. and Asia and Latin America and so OEMs right in Europe. And in Latin America we said that mining is down, but oil and gas continues to be strong in Latin America other than Mexico, the vast majority of that is greenfield investment. And in Mexico, a lot of it is just ongoing efforts to commoditize their existing equipment.  Canada, I mentioned we did see the slowing in some of the major projects in oil and gas and mining in Canada. And I think that we had a very strong previous year in some of those heavy industry investments. And so there is a natural low before they can go forward. And then Asia certainly we're seeing continued greenfield in the Southeast Asia region and in oil and gas in China. We're not seeing much greenfield in metals. As I mentioned there’s very few projects there same for cement. But we are seeing greenfield in consumer industries particularly food and beverage, significant growth in there and so that would be a picture for you Jeff by region. 
Jeffrey Sprague- Vertical Research: Thanks, Keith that was good around the world run down actually. Then just finally Ted can you give us a little bit of color and I'll move, the currency do stay where they are at all year along what kind of headwind are you looking at?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah, so probably the three currencies that will make the most difference for us that were moving last week where Brazil, South Africa and Canada. If all of those stay where they are probably creates about a $20 million top line headwind. 
Jeffrey Sprague- Vertical Research: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Theodore D. Crandall: You are welcome. 
Operator: Next question Julian Mitchell, Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. I just had a question on the December quarter on the operating margins. So I guess you and also your main European competitors both have very good margins in that fiscal Q1, they cited kind of software mix as a big boost. So I just wondered if that was true for you or if that was more just about fixed cost leverage because you had good organic growth? 
Theodore D. Crandall: Julian I think for us it's primarily about the organic growth and volume leverage. 
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Okay. There was nothing abnormal around mix in the quarter that you would call out? 
Theodore D. Crandall: No, I wouldn't say anything significant around mix. I mean obviously the margins are benefiting from that legal settlement that we talked about. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: We had good growth in solutions as we mentioned. So there really was to Ted’s point no big mix difference here that created the margin expansion. 
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Great, and then my second question is just certainly it is little bit tiresome but circling back to kind of the U.S. automotive investment outlook, I just wanted to clarify what you had said earlier. I think you talked about U.S. being kind of flattish going forward. I just wondered if that was the status quo that you've had recently or if it's been pretty good and you expect it to flatten out from here?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well it has been pretty good. I mean as we talked last year automotive was one of the key drivers of our performance in the U.S. So we're expecting it to flatten out, slow a little from a very high level. So I think that's just the natural evolution of project spending in that industry and but we're still looking for continued opportunities and projects in automotive in the U.S. 
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Winoker, Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks and good morning Ted and Keith. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Good morning, Steve. 
Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein: So I just wanted to be clear on the whole end market growth acceleration and deceleration, you've got 7% for the quarter last year and you're still guiding 3% to 6% for the year. So you're obviously looking at deceleration through the rest of the year and can you just again clarify a little bit more where you're expecting the most deceleration or headwinds to come from for the rest of the year that we should be planning in? 
Theodore D. Crandall: Sure. Well we think at the end of the year the U.S. will definitely be down from 10% growth quite frankly. And we expect the U.S., Asia Pacific and Latin America to be slightly above the company average. And EMEA will be up for the year but below the company average but still we believe outperforming the market. And Canada will be slightly down year-over-year and that’s basically how we come up with the 3% to 6% and I would say that basically my commentary taken it comments around the midpoint of our guidance range.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Keith here, Steve. I think also look there is some normal variability in our quarter-to-quarter sales and as you will remember I think first half last year for us is a pretty easy comparison in our solutions and services businesses because we came into the year with the hole in the backlog. So we expected coming into this year that we’re going to see better growth in the first half than the second half. 
Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, that’s helpful. And then you guys are up to what looks like an all-time high on cash, I guess $1.25 billion and you have done couple of acquisitions. Could you maybe talk Keith to the strategic value of those? And then second Keith and Ted both maybe some thoughts around capital deployment as you go forward. It’s been very consistent for Rockwell over the years. I am just wondering how you are thinking about that as that cash builds.
Keith D. Nosbusch:  Okay well let me talk about the acquisitions and we’re very pleased with both of them and with vMonitor we think it’s a great opportunity because it expands our technology and solutions, our reach and domain expertise in the oil and gas well head and really that gives us some differentiation with the integrated approach for the design in those systems and gives us additional capability in the production side, which is an area that we have been very strong and we can also continue to develop what’s been called in the industry, a difficult oil field and this enables us to have a much broader solution for those requirements.  So think of it as in the production side upstream and wellhead applications and those are quite frankly all over the world and we see a great opportunity in all geographies with that.  With respect to Jacobs, Jacobs is a -- Jacobs Automation has really unique technology that we believe will provide faster speed and greater flexibility for machine builders. So it fits right into the OEM initiative that we have and the focus that we have been growing OEM sales on a global basis and really we see this as a way for customers to increase their productivity, help them reduce their energy consumption and really help them with speed of changeovers and therefore productivity that these OEMs can offer the end customers.  So really a good fit with our motion capability and we’ll continue to integrate that technology with our integrated architecture and that is a technology that will take some time to be absorbed in the OEM community but we think we have some good leading edge capabilities there. So that’s a little commentary around the acquisition. I will let Ted comment on the other part of your question.
Theodore D. Crandall:  So Steve as it relates to cash deployment I mean I think I would characterize it as steady as she goes. I mean our commitment remains to exhaust our free cash flow after acquisitions either in dividend or share repurchase and we did that pretty much last year and our plan is to do that this year and that’s reflected in $440 million of repurchases I talked about earlier.  As it relates to the cash on the balance sheet we have talked about the issue there before of most of that cash being outside the U.S. and not having an easy way to repatriate without incurring significant tax liability. And I would say as it relates to that we have no plan to change that at the moment. 
Keith D. Nosbusch:  And just to reinforce the two comments is that the vMonitor acquisition the majority of that was made with cash outside the U.S.
Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan:  Hey good morning guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch:  Good morning Steve.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Hey Ted great job filling in for Rondi. Doing a fantastic job.
Theodore D. Crandall: Thank you.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: On the oil and gas side I remember OTC last year I was talking to one of your guys and he talked about being offshore being a great growth driver for you guys and I think he said it was 50% of your -- I don't know whether he said it was 50% of your upstream oil and gas business. Could you maybe just provide some color on what the offshore market is as a percentage of your oil and gas sales? I know that you guys do a tremendous amount of high quality work on the BOP and stuff like that. So I am just curious as we kind of parse out Canada and stuff like that, this is getting a little more interesting, the percentage of business from offshore I guess is my key question?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. Steve. I don't have that number right now. I think instead of just giving out one that I couldn't support long-term, we will get back to you with that one. I want to make sure we look at the information and have something there that we have confidence in the number.  But certainly to your point we are very strong in the offshore both from a control as well as safety systems as the ICFT acquisition is very helpful there and we will have to pull together the make-up of our oil and gas business with respect to offshore and automobile as well and we will get back to you. 
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: And I guess it’s mostly upstream and a little bit of midstream, is that kind of how we should think about the oil and gas?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, Steve. Absolutely right. When we talk about our process initiatives, what we are accounting there will be heavily weighted to upstream and midstream. So when we talk about motor control it would be across the board, upstream, midstream and downstream. Likewise safety systems would play across that entire continuum. But when we talk about our expansion in the oil and gas we are mainly talking about control and what we do with our solutions capability and the majority of that would be the production side. 
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: And then one last question just on…
Theodore D. Crandall: We monitor this exactly in to that production side. 
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. So then just on the margin maybe just kind of a little bit different way and try and kind of understand what you guys were saying. So for the second quarter I guess a 35% incremental year-over-year or 30% to 40% kind of gets you to that high 19% kind of 20% range, if you will. I mean is that I am just trying to understand how this investment kind phases in and impacts that number. I mean is that kind of a way good way to think about kind of the step down from first quarter to the second quarter? 
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah, I think it is. 
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Steve, what we expect is something in that 30% to 35% range in terms of conversion as compared to the 50% in Q1. 
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question coming from Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Nigel, are you there?
Operator: Mr. Cole, please proceed, sir. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Hello. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Hi, Nigel. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Hi, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Can you hear me? 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we can now. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Good, good. So I guess I will ask the question again. So I just want to ask this way because you will always see this tick down in margins from Q1 to Q2, just a ramp up in spend and I know also because of the normalization impact effect. But did you say Ted that operating income or operating margin is down Q-over-Q? 
Theodore D. Crandall: Margin. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Margin, okay. I thought that’s what you said. And then just on the, I just wanted to pick up on the trend about the book-to-bill for the quarter you mentioned again that it sounds like mining and Canada are the two factors there. But then Ted you mentioned the encouraging front-log activity. So I am just wondering, I am just trying to reconcile the two comments and I am wondering are you seeing this pickup in RFP activity through, do you see a pick-up in RFP activity through the quarter and going forward. The front-log activity suggests a pick-up in book-to-bill activity go through the year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well I think we wanted to characterize the front-log as stable at this point, not growing, but still solid as we look forward. And we would expect that to be starting to convert at normal rates as we go through the remainder of the year.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think Nigel, maybe what would help is I think I’d say that our backlog and our front-log at this point is consistent with the guidance.  
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Right, okay, that’s helpful. And then Ted you mentioned about the yen currencies and obviously we are watching these with interest. You had an $11 million headwind I believe this quarter from currencies. And I am wondering is the impact on operating income, is it fairly linear, for the 15% -- for the 20% up in margin on that FX movement, would that equate to the impact of earnings or there’s some unusual margin impact from currency?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say as you would expect quarter-to-quarter it can be very variable. Over a longer period of time generally I would say the translation effect comes in on earnings, comes in pretty close to kind of our normal operating income percent. But in any quarter what drives variability tends to be re-measurement blockers or gains. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and was there any unusual impact last quarter from the currency moves?
Theodore D. Crandall: No, nothing significant in Q1. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s helpful, thanks very much.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thank you, Nigel.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to turn the call over to Ted Crandall for closing remarks.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, that concludes today’s call. So thank you everybody for joining us and we will see you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Thank you for joining today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thank you, Tuwanda. Good morning. Thanks, everyone, who's joined us for this call this morning. This is our fourth quarter fiscal 2013 earnings release conference call. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that includes highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year, and he'll provide some context around our sales outlook for fiscal '14. Then Ted will provide more details on the results, as well as our sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always, we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with highlights of the quarter and the full year, so please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. We have a strong end to the year with both sales and earnings coming in at the high end of July guidance. Organic growth of 3% in the quarter was driven by strong growth of over 6% in our product businesses, which drove us to the high end of our sales guidance. As expected, we had a small decline in solutions and services in the quarter due to the tough comparison to the fourth quarter of last year. Even with that, Control Products & Solutions reached their first $1 billion sales quarter, and I'd like to congratulate them on achieving this milestone. Profitability was very strong in the quarter with adjusted earnings per share growth of 14%. That's a very good result on only 3% sales growth. Ted will provide more details on the quarter, so I'll move on to the full year. As we entered fiscal '13, growth rates have been declining, project delays were increasing and our solutions backlog was relatively low. We characterized the recovery as being in a pause and indicated that we didn't expect to see much growth until the second half of the fiscal year. That is the way the year played out. Sales in the first half were flat, but improved to 3.5% growth in the second half. From a regional perspective, Latin America had an outstanding year of 12% sales growth with the highest growth in Mexico and Brazil. We're focusing on the right opportunities there, and I want to acknowledge the regional team for hitting it out of the park this year. The U.S. had very solid growth with 4% growth. Oil and gas was the best performing vertical. The EMEA region had flat sales this year, but we continued to outperform the market, especially with OEMs. It feels like Western Europe has stabilized. Asia Pacific had a challenging year with sales declines in all countries, except for Japan. India was very weak, and we aren't sure if we've seen the bottom yet. However, we did see some positive signs in Asia Pacific as we exited the year. China sales were down 5% for the year, but there was growth in the second half. In total, this region had the strongest sequential sales growth in both Q3 and Q4 and ended the year with backlog 15% higher than a year ago. It's not on the chart, but our process sales were flat this year compared to 20% growth last year. We knew 2013 would be somewhat of a struggle given the hole we had in the solutions backlog entering the year. Solutions and services is 60% of what we measure as our process business, and the projects tend to be larger so there can be lumpiness to the sales patterns. While we're not satisfied with flat process sales, we think we've held our own in tough market conditions and expect significantly better growth in fiscal '14. We continue to be very bullish on our process opportunities. To further expand our process capabilities, we recently announced our intention to acquire vMonitor, a global technology leader for wireless solutions in the oil and gas industry. vMonitor offers innovative monitoring and control solutions for wellhead and upstream applications to help customers make more informed decisions and improve production. With differentiated solutions and a strong presence in the Middle East, vMonitor is really in the sweet spot of our acquisition strategy. We expect the acquisition to close within the next month. Let me just wrap up on the year before I move on to the outlook. Fiscal '13 was another year of record sales and earnings for the company. I was pleased that in a low-growth environment, we were able to expand segment operating margin almost 1 point while continuing to invest for growth. I am proud of our ability to effectively execute in all market conditions. Our strong track record of returning cash to share owners continued in fiscal 2013. We paid out $679 million in dividends and share repurchases. As you probably saw, we raised the dividend yesterday, which is the second increase in the past 7 months. We have doubled our dividend per share in the last 4 years, and during the same timeframe, we have returned $2 billion of cash to share owners. I want to thank our employees, suppliers and partners for their dedication and relentless customer focus throughout the year that enabled this performance. So let me give you our thoughts about fiscal 2014. From a macroeconomic perspective, forecasts with GDP and industrial production are about the same as they were a quarter ago and they continue to call for higher growth rates in 2014. Almost all of the PMIs are higher than they were a quarter ago, so that's encouraging. From a company perspective, a stable front-log, second half fiscal '13 growth rates and a higher solutions backlog entering the year all caused us to expect higher year-over-year growth in fiscal '14 than we saw last year. By region, we expect the U.S. to have about the same growth rates as 2013 and Europe to be a little better than last year. We expect Asia Pacific to return to growth next year, but growth in Latin America will likely moderate, coming off of very strong year. With all that said, we expect total company organic sales growth of 2% to 6% next year. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Automation remains a great market, and we have the right strategy to capitalize on growth opportunities and gain share. Our strong operating performance and healthy balance sheet enable us to continue to invest in differentiation, particularly in innovative technology and domain expertise. We're confident that our focus on intellectual capital will continue to fuel attractive returns for our share owners. Before I hand it to Ted, I'd like to give you a little preview of Automation Fair. For those of you who haven't been to an Automation Fair, we expect to host over 8,000 customers and partners from all over the world. It's a great opportunity for us to showcase our capabilities, provide technical training and facilitate best practice sharing among our customers. It's taking place in Houston this year and will have an emphasis on oil and gas, probably the best vertical out there right now. If you're coming to Houston next Thursday, you'll hear from John McDermott, the leader of our Global Sales and Marketing team; Terry Gebert, the Head of our Global Systems & Solutions business; and from one of our major oil and gas customers. Then we'll take you on a hosted tour of the show floor. After lunch, we'll hold a webcast where you will learn more about our strategy and progress from me, Ted and Frank Kulaszewicz and Blake Moret, the heads of our 2 segments. I was recently at Cisco's World Forum, where we introduced some concepts about the relevance of the Internet of Things to the industrial environment. We're anxious to share more of our thinking on that topic with you next week. Rondi tells me that the attendance will be very good. So we're pleased that so many of you are taking advantage of this opportunity, and we look forward to seeing you there. So now, I'll turn it over to Ted to provide more details on the financial results with the quarter and our outlook for fiscal '14. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. I'll be starting with the fourth quarter results summary on Page 5. Sales in the quarter were $1,716,000,000, an increase of 3% compared to Q4 last year. Organic sales growth was also 3%. Segment operating earnings were $358 million, an increase of 18% compared to the fourth quarter last year. We had a couple of large unusual items impact both segment earnings and general corporate net expense in the quarter. I'll provide more detail on segment earnings on the next slide. General corporate net was $39.7 million in Q4 compared to $19.9 million a year ago. That's obviously much higher than our normal run rate, and it's about $14 million higher than the guidance we discussed in July. General corporate net expense this quarter included a $12 million charge related to legacy environmental matters. That [indiscernible] accounts for most of that difference. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 23.7%, down slightly from 23.9% in fourth quarter last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.62, up $0.20 or 14% compared to last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 140.5 million. During Q4, we repurchased 854,000 shares at a cost of approximately $84 million. For the full year, we repurchased a total of 4.7 million shares at a cost of $402 million. Turning to Page 6, the fourth quarter results Rockwell Automation total. On the left side of this slide, you can see we experienced a steady sales progression through the year, culminating with a relatively strong fourth quarter with 3% year-over-year growth. The sequential growth was 6%. As Keith mentioned, sales came in at the high end of our July guidance with particularly strong growth in our product businesses. Moving to the earnings on the right side of the chart. Segment operating margin in Q4 was 20.9% compared to 18.2% in Q4 last year. Segment earnings in Q4 included $15 million of income related to legal settlements. This was the unusual item I referred to earlier. Results also included $14 million of restructuring charges. We're taking the restructuring actions to create some room to redeploy investments to what we consider our best growth opportunities as we enter the new year. The restructuring charges this quarter are about the same as the charges we took a year ago, so not a causal item for the quarter and the year-over-year margin results. However, the income from the legal settlements accounted for about 1 full point of the overall 2.7-point margin increase. The balance of the increase reflects the leverage on higher sales, continued strong productivity across both segments and favorable mix related to the strong product sales growth in the quarter. Our trailing 4-quarter return on invested capital was 31.4%. I'm going to move on to Slide 7, which displays the Q4 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Architecture & Software sales were $714 million in the fourth quarter, up 6% year-over-year. Organic growth was also 6%. This was, by far, the highest growth quarter of the year for Architecture & Software. Logix sales were up 10% year-over-year. That's the relationship we'd expect with Logix growing faster than the average of the segment. Architecture & Software sales also increased 6% sequentially. On the right side of the slide, you'll note the very strong increase in operating earnings to $218 million. Operating margin for the quarter was 30.5%, up 5.3 points from Q4 last year. That's an unusually high margin. The legal settlements that I mentioned fell entirely within the Architecture & Software segment and contributed about 2 percentage points to the operating margin in the quarter. If you back that out, A&S margin in Q4 was a little higher than the margin in Q3. About $6 million of the restructuring charges fell in the segment. I'm going to move to Slide 8 now, which covers the Control Products & Solutions segment. Control Products & Solutions sales in Q4 were just over $1 billion and up 1% from a year ago. Organic growth was 1% and sequential growth was 5%. As Keith mentioned, this is the first $1-billion quarter for CP&S. Sales in the product portion of the segment in Q4 were up 6%, similar to the Architecture & Software segment, and sales for the solutions and service businesses were down 2%. You might recall a very strong sales performance in solutions and services in Q4 last year, so, as Keith mentioned, that difficult comparison. The book to bill for our solutions and services businesses was 0.9, pretty typical for the fourth quarter and significantly better than Q4 last year. Our ending backlog in solutions was 9% higher than at the end of last year. Moving to the right side of the slide. Segment operating earnings increased 5% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded by 5/10 of 1 point to 14%. Control Products & Solutions incurred $8 million of the restructuring charges. Page 9 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Since Keith already provided some color on the full year, I'll focus my comments on the fourth quarter and on the column which indicates the percent change in organic sales. In the fourth quarter, we continue to see a healthy market environment in the U.S. with 5% growth. Canada was down a bit in the quarter, but primarily due to the solutions and services business and that's related to the strong Q4 last year. EMEA delivered 4% growth. We consider that a very good result, given continued sluggish market conditions in that region. Asia Pacific continued to be the region experiencing the most difficult market conditions. We were down 6% year-over-year in Q4, with about 1% growth in China. India continues to be very weak. Latin America continued as our highest-growth region with 11% growth for the quarter, once again, led by Brazil and Mexico. Turning to Page 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $301 million. The conversion on adjusted income was 132%. For the full year, free cash flow was just over $900 million. That represents conversion on adjusted income of 112%, so above our 100% target. The quarter and the full year were both very strong results. I'll turn now to Page 11 for a summary of the full year results for fiscal '13. Sales reached $6,352,000,000 for the full year, up 1.5%. Organic growth was 1.7%. The net effect of currency translation and acquisitions was negligible. Segment operating margins for the full year was 19.5%, up 0.9 points from last year. Q4 margin was very strong, and we ended the full year better than we expected. Adjusted EPS was $5.71, up 8% compared to last year. And I think Keith already mentioned that this represents another year of record sales and EPS for the company. That takes us to '14 guidance. We're expecting fiscal 2014 sales to be approximately $6.6 billion, plus or minus about 2%. That's an organic growth range of 2% to 6%. I'll reinforce a few of the things Keith talked about regarding the top line outlook. We experienced better growth rates in the second half of 2013. That's creating some momentum for us as we enter the fiscal year '14. We also have a stronger solutions and services backlog to start the new year, and we're expecting somewhat better macro conditions with higher rates of growth and GDP and industrial production in every region 2014 compared to 2013. We don't see any significant headwinds in sales, but the risk in our outlook is primarily tied to the macro conditions and maybe more specifically to our emerging markets. I think that's the way to think about the low end of the guidance range. We expect currency and acquisitions to approximately offset one another in 2014. We expect segment operating margin to be about 20%. That would be about a 1.5 point increase compared to fiscal '13 with margin conversion in the range of 30% to 35%. We expect the full year tax rate to be about 26%, an increase of about 2 points compared to last year. Our guidance for adjusted EPS is $5.95 to $6.35, and we expect free cash flow conversion on adjusted income of about 100%. A couple of other items not shown here. General corporate net expense should be approximately $85 million, so back to more normal levels. And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be 100 -- about 139 million for the full year. With that, I have one more slide, Slide 13, which provides a walk from fiscal '13, fiscal '14 adjusted EPS at the midpoint of guidance. And that's intended to identify some of the larger pluses and minuses and help you position them on the P&L. I'll start with operating pension expense. Interest rates are higher this year, and that's creating a tailwind in operating pension expense. Operating pension expense will be about $14 million lower compared to fiscal '13. That adds about $0.06 to EPS. On the other hand, we expect less income from legal settlements in 2014. The net year-over-year impact will reduce EPS by $0.05. Next is the impact of general corporate net expense being back to more normal levels. That adds about $0.07 to EPS. The 2-point increase in tax rate will cost us about $0.17 and reduced share count should increase EPS by about $0.07. That leaves the bar with label core, which, excluding these other items, reflects an earnings conversion in that range of 30% to 35%. With that, I'll turn it over to Rondi, and we can begin the Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] So operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to dig into oil and gas a little bit. I mean, I think most of the companies out there are fairly bullish on 2014 and even 2015, 2016 in oil and gas. But can you help us understand the timing of the backlog there? And I guess what I'm really asking is that is there some risk that 2014 is not as good of a year as expected at projects and such get pushed back to 2015? And then [indiscernible] little bit of an air pocket in the near term?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, Scott, as you know, the project business always has a potential to be changed based upon the dynamics that are going on in the market. But at this point in time, we have no reason to believe that will be the case. We see a good flow of projects and that we expect those to continue to progress, whether they're in the front-log or the backlog. We're not seeing any change in cancellations or push-outs, particularly no push-outs or, even worse, cancellations at this time. So we would expect to see that pickup in the solutions business that we talked about in '14 compared to the weak year we had in '13.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: China was one of those -- as a follow-up, China was one of those weird regions this year. We walked into it a year ago, feeling pretty good about pent-up demand in automation and rising labor rates and such driving another spend cycle there, but it really didn't pull through. And you came in at the end of the year with at least -- the last couple of quarters of positive. What -- can you give us some color on what your guys there are saying and -- as it relates to 2014? And are we -- is there enough visibility in your front-log? Do you really think that China's going to have a realistic or meaningful full turn in 2014? Or -- what are your customers telling you? I guess that's my question, too.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, certainly, we definitely expect a better year in 2014 in China than we had in 2013. And really, that's based upon the fact that we were able to grow our backlog in the second half of the year and ended up with a backlog higher than what we started the last fiscal year in. And we would expect China to basically grow mid-single digits in fiscal year '14, which is a meaningful turnaround, given the performance we've had. And I think we see it in a couple of areas. We would expect OEM performance to be stronger in the last -- than it was last year. And then also, we continue to see the consumer industries growing in China. And some growth in, I would say, oil and gas in that country as well. So overall, we are expecting continued improvement. I think the indicators got better as we went through the year. Certainly the PMI got back over 50%, barely, but over 50%, and industrial production up -- picked up as we went through the year as well. So we're expecting improved performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on investment spending as what you spent this quarter and then how we are you looking about next year. I know last quarter, you talked about there's going to be a pickup in spending, but it doesn't seem like that's going to have a dramatic impact on incrementals. But, Ted, could you just provide some color on that as your expectations for the year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So I think maybe I'd start with saying, we said we're going to ramp some spending in Q4, we did. Our spending increased about $15 million. Some of that's kind of a normal Q3 to Q4, but some of it was the spending ramp we talked about. I think our thinking on spending for next year is that spending will be in line with the anticipated growth. So we would expect to ramp spending as the year plays out and pretty much proportionate to what we're expecting in growth next year.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the outlook, it would seem to me that the first half of the year, within this 2% to 6%, should see higher growth than in the second half. I mean, obviously, that depends on how the macro plays out through the year. But given the comparables, is that the right way to think about it?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think, clearly, we're going to have some easier comps in the first half than the second half. But in terms of macro conditions, we're also expecting improvement to kind of accelerate as we progress through next year. So I'm not sure we know exactly how to think of the year playing out next year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: And I think, also, we typically have a seasonal decline, Q1 to Q4. So.
Theodore D. Crandall: Q4 to Q1.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I'm sorry, going from Q4 to Q1. So I guess Ted's comment is exactly right, we're not exactly sure how to calendarize the year at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just to drill in a little bit on the restructuring. When people think restructuring, they think of facility realignment and so forth. I'm presuming that's not what you're doing. You're hiring people. Maybe could you give us, either Ted or Keith, a little more color in terms of the nature of your investment spending? Where you're actually spending it? You gave us the segmentation. I'm just wondering where exactly are you spending it.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, yes. Well, you're right. The restructuring is not around facility restructuring, for us anyways. Where we're -- what we wanted to do with the restructuring was to be able to redeploy spending into what I would call better opportunities. And the spending is really coming in, in 2 major areas. The first one would be in development, both in our Integrated Architecture and our Intelligent Motor Control platforms and then, secondly, in sales resources, where we see the best growth opportunities in the global regions that we have. And we really wanted to rebalance what we had from a location standpoint and from a, what, geography standpoint and into the areas from a technical standpoint, where we saw the best growth. So development engineering and customer-facing sales resources is where those investments are going and, quite frankly, where we expect the majority of the investments next year as we both annualized what we did in '13 and increase the investments in '14.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Keith, how much of those investment spending are your targeting for Asia? And the reason I'm asking, I'm here with a lot of folks in China, and there definitely seem to be pretty significant automation trend tailwinds, yet your growth, I realize, because of the economy here, has been slow. Really, it's sort of -- it gets to the question of Rockwell's heritage as a U.S.-centric company and how you've sort of created a much more critical mass. My question really is do you feel that as the next cycle progresses, you have the critical mass in Asia, or do you really need to be sort of dialing up this in some other manner, perhaps through an acquisition or something else? And if you could actually just talk a little bit about process in Asia as well, because there definitely seems to be some pretty good trends in terms of customer demand for those types of verticals.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, first off, we continue to believe that Asia is going to be a meaningful growth opportunity for us in the future, and so we're making investments in Asia in 2 specific areas. One, we have development and R&D capabilities in the region, and certainly, we have and will continue to increase, particularly, our software investments in the region and in China as time goes on. And in fact, we are doing that this year. And secondly, as we have talked before, while we believe the growth in China and in Asia will be strong, we have to continue to build our market-access model there and develop a greater maturity, in particular distributors and build system integrators for our channel development. So we still -- and that's not dollars investment by Rockwell, but that's investment in helping them understand how to take automation to the marketplace. So building out the channel, both distributors and system integrators, is very important for continued growth. With respect to the growth in process, we certainly believe in the Asia region, one of the greatest growth opportunities is oil and gas. It continues to be very strong throughout that region. Obviously, one of the drivers behind that is their economies are growing, and the only way you grow economies is with energy. And they need energy, and they're -- and in fact, China just surpassed the U.S. as the biggest importer of Middle East oil. So there is a lot of expansion that's required for them to absorb the growing middle class and be able to expand those opportunities for the middle class. So the resource industries, as well as consumer products, is a very big focus for us, and we think both of those are great opportunities in China, as well as the other emerging markets in the region.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That make sense. And just last, are you expecting auto in your verticals to expand next year as part of the 2% to 6% or just hold steady? It's obviously still very strong globally. I'm just curious how this plays out in terms of your contribution.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, you've kind of answered it for me there, John. And we expect it to remain at high levels, but not be a growth part of our 2% to 6%. It'll be up slightly. But basically, it's at a high level, and we see that being sustained. And our goal is to continue to expand our footprint into more applications in the auto industry, particularly the powertrain side, which we think opens up additional market for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker with Sanford Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could you repeat on how the verticals finished off -- ended through the quarter? And what's kind of implied, in addition to auto that you just mentioned, in your guidance for next year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. And just so you know, Steve, you're breaking up a little. I got the question, so hopefully, you'll be able to hear my answer. The -- let's start with the vertical performance in our fourth quarter. And certainly, oil and gas was the strongest with the strong oil prices. We see the continuing investments in the U.S., Canada and the Middle East. Asia and China investment continues to look good but India is weak. Food and beverage was the second-best vertical for us in the quarter. It was also up for the full year. Home and personal care and life sciences had lower growth in Q4. Auto was down a little, which is a typical seasonal pattern for the auto industry. Tire was down in Q4 compared to really strong investments into 2012, but we did see some improvement as the year progressed. Mining was down in Q4, and certainly, the soft commodity prices are impacting that. Metals remains very weak. And in the fourth quarter, we saw a little bump-up in spending in pulp and paper, particularly in the U.S., where there's an aging infrastructure that has to be built, refurbished. And so retrofits was really the growth there, but that was very focused on the U.S. If we go to the -- what are we thinking in the guidance, we think oil and gas, food and beverage, life sciences and home and personal care should have the highest growth. Auto, tire, water waste, water will grow in about the company average, and mining and metals will be flat or down in 2014. So that's our overview of the different verticals of both in Q4 and in our guidance.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's helpful. And how was price versus cost in the quarter? And what are you expecting for 2014?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So let's start with the quarter first. I would say price this year has come in at about 1 point, and that was pretty evenly spread across all 4 quarters. Input costs have actually been a little bit favorable for us this year on the materials side, and that continued into Q4. Don't forget we still have to make up for wage and benefit inflation, but the materials part of it has been a little bit favorable.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And 2014?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So then in next year, we're expecting, once again, to do about 1 point of price, maybe a little bit less than that. And then I think on the input cost side, we are not expecting any significant change in input costs as we move into next year. We do expect to have normal wage and benefit inflation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Keith, can you provide a little more color on this acceleration products? I mean, pretty meaningful acceleration here from 1% up to 6%. A couple of questions on that. I mean one, was it kind of a surge late in the quarter? Do you have a big September? Obviously, that's a big month in the quarter. And then was there -- when you look at it kind of sequentially, was there any particular area that stands out in terms of making that leap from 1% to 6%?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think, normally -- we had a normal Q4, which means it generally get stronger as the quarter plays out, and I think we saw stronger performance in September in the product side. That was a little up compared to the earlier quarters. I think from a product standpoint, the highlight -- I think we had 2 very strong platforms that performed for us in the quarter. Logix was up 10%, and so that's obviously drove up the A&S product piece. We also had good performance in our motion products, and we think that was -- motion and safety products, which we believe were part of the success that we're having at OEMs. And then in our CP&S product area, in our standard drives business, they have a new platform, the PowerFlex 520's family, and that continues to have a great reception as a new product. So I think those were the major impact factors for the quarter. But on the -- just the last comment I'd make is we saw product growth throughout the region, so it wasn't just isolated in one area. So it was pretty broad based, which is -- which we also thought was a good sign for the quarter and going forward.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just maybe on process in terms of having confidence and a better outlook for process in '14. I know you've had this dynamic where process x Asia has been growing a lot better than process overall. I mean, is that kind of the story of things getting better in '14, or is there a broader improvement in process that's giving you that confidence?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think the biggest confidence is just in the fact that the backlog is up, and we definitely dug a big hole last year with our over-performance in Q4 and a weakness in orders in the second half of fiscal '12. So we did not have that. And matter of fact, the backlog grew as we exited the year. And so I think just the fundamentals of the business have us feel better than we did, certainly going into the year. And we also think with introduction of PlantPAx 3.0, that, that is another additional capability that we bring to the market, and it's going to add functionality and capability that is very appropriate for those industries. And the continued build-out of our capability and competencies in our sales channels, in our sales organization and with some of our distributors, we think that we are expecting to have a better growth in process next year. And certainly, right now, that expectation is to mid to high single digits for the year, and that is certainly something that we think, at this point, is achievable.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: okay, that's great. See you in Houston.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Looking forward to it. See you there. And it's a great process industry area, so you'll see a lot of focus on oil and gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit about the cadence through the quarter and how you feel about how visibility has changed over the past 3 months, either through front log or the amount of detail customers are willing to share with you? It does seem like versus where you guys started out the quarter, things firmed up a lot, maybe in September and I guess based on what other companies are seeing in the October as well. So just trying to get a feel here for how the last 3 or 4 months have progressed.
Theodore D. Crandall: Josh, I think I would say we were pretty strong across the quarter, but it was a typical Q4 where things accelerated as we moved through the quarter. And our Q4, especially on the solutions and service side, tend to be pretty September-heavy. So it's typical in that regard. I think around visibility, I would say I don't think that has changed in any significant way over the last 3 or last 6 months. The market environment seems stable and maybe stable to modestly improving in North America. But we aren't hearing anything significantly different from our channel in regard to growth expectations. I think it would be fair to say we're not hearing anything significantly different from customers at this point. As -- and most of our customers are calendar-year customers, so as we get closer to December and January, we're likely to start to hear more about their expectations for capital spending in the New Year.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Ted. And then just one follow-up. On the U.S., can you give us a flavor for maybe the project type, greenfield versus brownfield, small projects versus big? Just trying to calibrate what types of spending are firming up.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. I think in the quarter, we certainly felt that it was more small projects, which would tend you to look at upgrades, modernization and replacement of existing equipment. And I think that was pretty much the characterization that we got from our sales organization as we went through our quarterly review process. And then outside of that, the projects -- as I mentioned, we saw little bit of project improvement in pulp and paper in the U.S. and then, obviously, the continued strength of oil and gas, which is becoming much broader. I mean, it's throughout Texas, the Dakotas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Colorado. So that, I think, has continued to create other opportunities in those regions for support and supply of equipment and services to that core investment that's required for oil and gas, in particular, drilling in those cases, the production side. So we see that as the other dimension of strength.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Sullivan with RBC Capital.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question on margins. So it looks like this year, you're expecting to hit around 20%. That's typically been the cap that you've talked about historically, but the cycle continues to kind of push along with modest growth. You've also done some things on the cost side with restructuring. I guess how should we think about that over the medium to longer term? Are you -- can you now get margins above 20%? Are you still thinking that you'll reinvest anything above 20% back into the business?
Theodore D. Crandall: I guess the first thing I would say is I'm not sure we've ever set a hard cap on we would allow in terms of margins. But you're right, at 20%, we're probably a little bit above the prior peak margins we had, which I think came in 2008. Clearly, I think the thing that's going to guide -- that's going to cause margins to go up, most importantly, is what happens with our volume. And we pretty consistently said that if we can see organic growth in the range of, let's say, 5% to 7%, we would expect to drive conversion margins in kind of the 30% to 35% range, and that implies that there is room for continued margin expansion. I think the key issue there is what we see in top line growth and how the balance of this cycle plays out. That said, we do want to make sure that we are investing sufficiently to preserve our technological differentiation and to ensure that we're taking advantage of the growth opportunities. A couple of years ago, we would have said particularly in emerging markets. Now I think it's in emerging markets and some of the new growth opportunities we're seeing in North America. So yes, you're right. I mean, we're going to get that balance of investment versus margin performance right. But with high conversion -- reasonable conversion margins and reasonable organic growth rates, there is some room for margin expansion.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
Keith D. Nosbusch: As you know, the challenge for us is always aligning the spending with the revenue. And as an organic growth company, we have to invest before we see the revenue. And certainly, in the second half of last year and as we're going forward here, we do expect to increase those investments. But it's very hard to get the total alignment between when we're investing and when we see the top line improvements. So we're going to keep working that. But Ted's comments were exactly right. We do need to continue to make sure we're investing appropriately in the technology and innovation and domain expertise that's required of a technology company.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a quick follow-on, maybe you could just run through the major end markets, kind of how they finished or -- in fiscal '13, the exposure there, how big was mining, oil and gas, auto, tire, consumer. If you wouldn't mind just running through that real quickly.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I don't think we saw any, I would say, fundamental change in the makeup of the business between those verticals. Oil and gas probably grew a little. That's greater than 10% at this point in time. And at this point, transportation is around 15% and pretty consistent that it has -- to what it's been. I would say the switch has probably been within the process industries, where oil and gas has gone up a little, mining has gone down a little and pulp and paper and metals have stayed relatively flat at a lower level than historical. And I think that's really been probably the only dynamic in the overall mix change across the verticals.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. This is Rondi back. And Jamie was the last caller in our question queue. So we're going to wrap up the call today. Thank you to all of you for joining us. Sleep well for those of you who called in from China. Thanks for joining us, and we look forward to seeing many of you at Automation Fair next week in Houston. So thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to hand -- turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thank you, Sonia. Good morning, everyone, on the call. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the third quarter and our outlook for the full year. Then Ted will provide more detail on both of those, and we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. Since this is our third quarter and we will not be commenting on our outlook beyond fiscal 2013, I'm thinking this call may only last 45 minutes. But we'll see how things go, and we're certainly prepared to go the full hour, if that makes sense. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I know it's been a busy earnings season for all of you, so I appreciate your time today and your interest in Rockwell Automation. I hope you all are able to get and enjoy some R&R and family time during the month of August. First portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter, so please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. I'm pleased with our results this quarter, both from a sales and earnings perspective. Sales grew 4% organically in the quarter. Even more importantly, we saw sequential growth in all regions and across both segments, which was consistent with our expectations of better sales performance in the second half. I'll try to head off a few of your questions by giving you more color by region and by verticals. Sales growth in the U.S. and Canada was solid, with oil and gas the best performing vertical in both regions. EMEA grew 3% despite the continued recession in Western Europe. Oil and gas was strong, and mining remained weak. Sales in Asia Pacific were down 8% year-over-year but up 20% sequentially. China showed the largest improvement from last quarter, and sales were up 5% year-over-year. However, we are still seeing project delays with a number of projects now pushed into fiscal '14. So whether you link it to liquidity, the decline in exports, overcapacity or uncertainty, investment levels remain relatively weak in China. But as I said last quarter, we remain very bullish on the long-term prospects for China. The evolution to a more consumption-based economy will drive investments in consumer packaged goods manufacturing, which is a sweet spot for us. All of the other countries in Asia Pacific were down in the quarter, with the exception of Japan. Latin America continues to be the standout region, with 23% growth this quarter. Mexico and Brazil were both very strong with oil and gas, auto and consumer being the best performing verticals. Before I end my comments on the top line, let me share a couple of other data points that I know you're always interested in. Process sales increased 2 points this quarter. We continue to get good traction with PlantPAx, but we are being negatively impacted by project delays, primarily in Asia. Excluding Asia, process was up 9% in Q3. Logix was up 3% in the quarter, a bit better than the Architecture & Software segment as a whole. So on 4% sales growth in the quarter, we realized strong margin conversion and adjusted EPS growth of 12%. Segment operating margin expanded both sequentially and year-over-year in Q3. Frankly, I would've liked to have spent more in the quarter. That will change in Q4, and we will increase spending in engineering and selling resources to support our best growth opportunities and build for the future. On a year-to-date basis, margin expanded 30 basis points or 19%, a good result on only 1% organic growth year-to-date. So onto the outlook. Across the regions, we expect market conditions to remain stable through the end of the fiscal year. Based on this outlook, and with 3 quarters behind us, we now expect sales to be about $6.3 billion for the fiscal year, which represents about 1% organic growth. Even with sales moving to the lower end of our previous range, we're raising the midpoint of adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05, and narrowing the range to $5.50 to $5.70. Ted will go into more detail on guidance. I've a few closing remarks before handing off to Ted to go through the rest of the slides. Automation Fair is in Houston this year, and we will be holding our Investor Conference on Thursday, November 14th. This is a great opportunity to learn about our capabilities, as well as those of our partners. Being in Houston, there will obviously be an emphasis on oil and gas and Process. So please mark your calendars, and we hope to see a lot of you there. I want to thank our employees and partners for great execution and their unwavering commitment to providing value to our customers. We performed well this year in spite of the low growth environment. We will continue to improve our market position, invest for growth and deliver superior returns to our shareholders. Here's Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our revised outlook for the remainder of 2013. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. My comments will continue to reference the slides that Rondi and Keith mentioned. And I'll start on Page 5, third quarter results summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1,624,000,000. That's up 4% compared to the third quarter of last year. The year-over-year impact of currency and acquisitions was negligible, so sales were up 4% organically as well. Segment operating earnings in the current period were $318 million, up 9% compared to Q3 last year. General corporate net was $20.9 million in Q3, and that compares to $18.3 million in the same period last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter was 22%. That compares to an adjusted effective rate in Q3 last year of 22.6%. Through 9 months, the adjusted effective rate was 24%. The adjusted effective rate was lower in the third quarter due to a discrete tax event related to the settlement of prior year's tax audits. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.54. As Keith noted, that's up 12% compared to $1.37 in the same quarter last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 140.4 million. We repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares in the third quarter at a cost of about $104 million. At the end of Q3, there was approximately $619 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Through the first 9 months of the fiscal year, we've repurchased approximately 3.8 million shares for about $318 million. So we continued to run slightly ahead of the rate required to hit the $400 million full year repurchase expectation that we talked about on the previous earnings calls this year. Turning to Page 6. This is a graphical version of total company results for the third quarter. Looking at the left side of the chart, you'll see the 4% year-over-year sales increase. Sales increased sequentially by 7%. On the right side of the chart, total segment earnings are displayed. You can see the 9% year-over-year increase in segment operating earnings. Sequentially, segment operating earnings increased by 11%. Total segment operating margin in Q3 was 19.6%, a strong margin result and healthy conversion on a year-over-year basis. Operating margin increased 0.9 points compared to third quarter last year and sequentially. In the year-over-year and sequential comparison, the margin increase is primarily due to volume leverage, but the year-over-year comparison also benefited from continued productivity performance. As we discussed last quarter, the productivity includes savings from the restructuring actions taken in Q4 last year. We haven't fully redeployed those savings. Also, a strong contribution from cost reduction and process improvement initiatives, again, this quarter, and continued tight controls on discretionary spending. As Keith mentioned, we intended to spend more in the third quarter, and we were unable to add headcount in some very targeted areas as fast as we had planned. While not on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 31% at the end of the third quarter. On Page 7, this is a summary of the Q3 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, sales increased year-over-year by 1% to $671 million. That's also a 1% organic increase. Sales were up 5% sequentially. Operating margin for the quarter was 28.1%. That's up 0.2 point compared to Q3 last year and up 1.5 points sequentially. On the next page, Page 8, this covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales were $953 million, up 6% compared to Q3 last year. Again, also a 6% organic increase. Sales of the product businesses and the solutions and services businesses were both up about 6% year-over-year. Sales in the segment increased 8% sequentially, with an 11% sequential increase in the solutions and services businesses. Book-to-bill for the solutions and services businesses was 1.0. In Q3, we experienced a larger sequential increase in solutions and services than was the case the past 2 years. Consequently, we don't expect to see as large a sequential increase in this Q4 as we experienced last year. On the right side of this chart, operating earnings increased by 21% year-over-year on the 6% sales increase. Operating margin increased by 1.7 points year-over-year to 13.6%, and increased by 0.6 points sequentially. The year-over-year margin improvement was primarily due to volume leverage and productivity. Switching to the next page, this is a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'm going to focus my comments on the far right column, which displays year-over-year organic growth. And I'll also provide some region color on sequential growth. Basically, we experienced sequential growth in all regions and year-over-year growth in all regions except Asia Pacific. The U.S. was up 4% in Q3, both year-over-year and sequentially. Among the regions, the U.S. has been a relatively stable market environment this year, and through 9 months, the year-over-year organic growth was also 4%. Canada was up 10% year-over-year in Q3, and up 14% sequentially. Year-to-date, Canada is up 3%. Latin America continued as the highest growth region, up 23% in Q3, with particularly strong growth in Brazil and Mexico. Latin America was up 18% sequentially. And year-to-date, Latin America is up 12%. EMEA was up 3% year-over-year in the quarter and up 2% sequentially. Through 9 months, EMEA is down 1%. Asia Pacific was down 8% year-over-year in Q3, with growth in China and Japan more than offset by declines in the balance of the region. Asia Pacific was up 20% sequentially. And year-to-date, Asia Pacific is down 12%. China was up 5% year-over-year. But despite the growth in Q3, China is down 8% through 9 months. I'll turn now to Page 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $264 million, another strong quarter. Year-to-date conversion on adjusted income is approximately 104%, and we expect conversion now to be somewhat above 100% for the full year. And that takes us to the final slide, Page 11, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '13. As Keith mentioned, we're updating the guidance. Given third quarter sales and ending backlog, and with only one quarter to go in the fiscal year, we'll drop the high end of the sales guidance and narrow the range. We now expect sales for the full year to be approximately $6.3 billion. You can think of that as plus or minus perhaps $50 million. That represents a range of organic growth for the full year of between 0% and 2%, and previous guidance was 0% to 3%. Compared to previous guidance, we lost about $30 million of topline for the full year due to currency changes, particularly a strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to currencies other than the euro. This guidance continues to reflect higher sales in the second half of our fiscal year, primarily driven by improvement in our solutions and services businesses. We expect segment margin for the full year to be about 19%. That's up slightly compared to 18.9% in our previous guidance. In part, that reflects the strong margin performance in Q3. The margin guidance also anticipates somewhat higher spending in Q4. We expect adjusted EPS in the range of $5.50 to $5.70. So once again, we've narrowed the range but also increased the midpoint by $0.05. We now expect the adjusted effective tax rate to be closer to 24% compared to 25% in our previous guidance. The lower tax rate adds about $0.03 to $0.04 to the full year EPS guidance. We still expect to spend about $400 million on share repurchases this year. And finally, we continue to expect general corporate net expense to be about $83 million for the full year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rondi and we'll begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] So Sonia, let's take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Richard Eastman, Robert W. Baird.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Keith, could you just expand a little bit on China? I mean, we did finally see some growth in that region. You talked to project delays. I presume those delays are on the Process side as opposed to more of the discrete markets. Could you just kind of characterize maybe the tone of business in Process and discrete and how that looks as we head through the fourth and into the fiscal '14?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I'd be happy to, Rick. I think your comment is correct, and that is the majority of the delays are in project businesses. And because Process -- you sell Process as projects, it's overweight in the Process side. That's one of the reasons I called out the rest of the Process business and the growth that we've seen, which was at 9%. China is a meaningful part, and Asia, in general, is a meaningful part of our Process business in the regions. So that does hurt us. In the discrete -- on the discrete side, we did see a little bit of growth in the OEM space, particularly indigenous tire OEMs, as the Chinese tire industry continues to expand to meet the, I'll just call it the local demand. So that was probably the best positive performer on the discrete side.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, and would you say discrete in China then, I guess, it must have grown north of 5% at least in the quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. To get it to the 5% and to offset the process/solutions side, discrete would've grown more and it would've been driven by OEM, and to some degree, automotive.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ted, I just wanted to dig into -- you called out solutions' book-to-bill of 1.0, and referring to the Q-to-Q uptick in solutions in 3Q, you've referenced that 4Q might not see the same seasonal uptick. But just looking back at last year, we had a 1.0 book-to-bill in 3Q '12, yet still saw a decent uptick in 4Q '12. I'm just wondering whether the project delays we've seen in, you referenced in China, is impacting that deferral or rather a small uptick in the Q-to-Q. So I guess what I'm saying is with same the book-to-bill in 3Q '13 as 3Q '12, why wouldn't we see the same uptick Q-to-Q?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I mean I think if you look at the last 2 years, the level of sequential increase we saw Q3 to Q4 in solutions and services was in the range of high-teens to 20%. And if you went back to the years before that, those 2 years were kind of an unusually large sequential increase. So when we look at the backlog and the timing of the backlog that we've got at the end of Q3, we're just not expecting as large a sequential increase this Q4, and something that looks more normal compared to the years before the last 2.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's clear. And then, the cash balance, over $1 billion, and I know a large part of that is overseas. The prospect of corporate tax reform is becoming lower by the day. So I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that overseas cash balance and any strategies that you have to maybe repatriate those funds.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean every year, we look for ways to repatriate funds that we can do in a cost-effective manner, and there's some amount that we were able to do every year. But I would say about 90% of our current cash balance is not easily available to us in the U.S. And we are hoping that through corporate tax reform at some point in the future, that we'll get some relief from that.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So is it just stay steady and hope for the best there?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, look, we always have that money available for acquisitions outside the United States, and we will continue to use it for that purpose.
Operator: The next question comes from Julian Mitchell, Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just had a question really on the automotive end market, in particular. You'd mentioned China remains very healthy there. But I was more interested in the trends you're seeing on CapEx in North America and Europe.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, the easy one is Europe. There's not much CapEx in Europe. I think you're starting to see the announcements of closings, which is pretty much going to replay what happened in the U.S., 3-plus years ago. And as they go through that, their need for capital in EMEA will be weak. However, many of the Europeans are investing outside of the region, and we would expect that part to continue. In the U.S., we continue to see a high level of CapEx. And now we haven't seen that growing. But it's stayed at a high level, and certainly forward, had a very strong performance, including some of the actions in Europe. General Motors, if you take out Europe, have performed reasonably well and announced new investments in Mexico. And likewise, Chrysler continues to be the star performer in the Fiat group. So I would say the investments in the Americas continues to be strong, and we see that maybe not at quite as high a level, but certainly at a good level into the future.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then within the CP&S segment, you've had very good profit margins the last 6 months. Is that mostly productivity or is there something maybe happening in terms of the mix of the projects that you are billing, maybe they're higher-margin projects or something like that?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, certainly, there's a couple of things there. We continue to work really hard at having successful projects and, as all of you know, the project business, they don't always turn out that way. But I think the leadership team has been doing a good job of managing those projects and driving productivity. And I would say that's where the majority of the benefits have come. However, to your point, there is some mix within the solutions area, and that also probably has been outgrowing the pure engineering, as evidenced by the lower growth in our Process business that we talked about, which is all engineered solutions. So our motor control center business performs very well and some of our -- not some of -- our drives business is also performing well. So I think it's a little bit of mix, but more importantly, continued good execution and driving productivity.
Theodore D. Crandall: And Julian, I think the modest growth that we have seen this year has pretty much been all in the CP&S side of our business. And so we're benefiting from a little bit of volume leverage there as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess in the fourth quarter, your margin is down quarter-over-quarter. I guess you mentioned some of the incremental spending that you're doing. Is that -- does that like establish a run rate of spending, is that stuff that you kind of pushed forward, you're just kind of waiting to see how the markets play out and so you're kind of establishing a new run rate there? Or are these kind of like one-time type of investments?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Our goal is to establish a new run rate. That was what we talked about when we took the restructuring in our fourth quarter last year, that we wanted to create the opportunity to have some targeted investment. We certainly were careful as we went through the first half of the year. And as we mentioned earlier, with what we believe today anyways is a stable environment, we are trying to increase some very targeted spending in development engineering and selling resources to continue to penetrate the best opportunities that we have on a global basis. So it would be an increase in the run rate as we exit Q4.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I guess, from that perspective, I guess, that kind of says you're a little bit more confident, maybe a tad bit more confident about the future, at least things aren't rolling over. How did trends kind of play out April, May and June for you guys?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we are a tad bit more confident, yes. But the third quarter is generally one for us that is really the most consistent quarter, start to finish. And I would say that is what we saw happen again this quarter. Obviously, some variation, but pretty steady throughout. As we go into the fourth quarter, all of you know that it is probably -- not probably, it is our most back-end loaded quarter that we have. We always talk about a strong September. And July tends to be reasonably strong. And so far, we believe July is going to match what our expectations are for the quarter and in our guidance. And then August is the tough one because of Europe, for sure. We also see now U.S. vacations for a couple of weeks in there before school starts has taken on a pretty strong presence. And so that's why September becomes so important. And once again, it is a back-end loaded quarter, and that's certainly what we're expecting this quarter as well.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I think one of the auto guys said that they're not going to do as many shutdowns. Maybe I misread that. Are you guys seeing that as well? Maybe these guys producing a little more here in the normal slowdown period or no?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean I don't know that personally. But given the strong sales, that might have something to do with it.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So that would contribute -- if that is the case, that would kind of offset some of the concerns around go against what you're talking about as being more muted seasonality, if that is the case, right, that would help you guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, it might hurt a little bit because during those shutdowns is when they do a lot of the, I'll say, maintenance on the existing lines. And it's when they're running out the new lines. So I would say, it probably doesn't mean a lot to us. But I would say a slight -- a very slight negative just from an MRO standpoint.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sorry, one last quick one. I know pension, you guys, on the operating side, it's less of a dynamic. But the -- I guess, with rates moving the way they are, did that change -- did that free up some cash for you guys from a funding perspective for next year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean we didn't make any -- we had no mandatory contributions this year, and weren't expecting to face any mandatory contributions next year. So I don't think it frees up any cash. Steve, just one last point, your original question about margins. Basically, our expectation for fourth quarter margin is to be slightly below third quarter margin. So not a significant difference.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, yes, but down sequentially. Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Davis, Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Keith, you made a comment in your prepared remarks, you just said you'd like to spend more. Can you just give us a sense on spend more on what? Is it sales, is it distribution, is it R&D, products, is it a little bit of everything? I mean just a sense of not just that question but also on a geographic basis, are there areas where you feel like you still need to invest?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, certainly, what I'm referring to is what I would call targeted investments. And we would target 2 very key areas for future growth. And this isn't going to be growth in Q4 or Q1 of next year. This is longer-term investments because the biggest part of it will go into product development and whether that -- and the majority of that into our A&S segment related to, basically, architecture, continued developments, software, firmware and those types of investments for new products, new capabilities, particularly around the information space and the controller/I/O areas, including visualization. Then, the second area that we will target will be selling resources so that we can take advantage of some of the growth areas that we see playing out stronger. That will be globally, but obviously, less of it than normal like Asia, just given the performance. But we think the U.S., a little bit in Latin America, with the great growth they've been having, we need to make sure that we're continuing to reinforce that. And then we do have good growth opportunities in select areas in Europe as well, including the Middle East, and of course, what we're doing with OEMs. So very targeted activities where we think we have the best chance of driving growth 12 to 24 months out.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a follow-up, guys. When you think about the build out of the gas chain over the next, call it, 5 years in the states. Do you have solutions capabilities that directly address that? I know you can sell some drives and hermetic motors, things like that into that market. But do you have specific solution capabilities that would be of demand to those customers?
Keith D. Nosbusch: We certainly believe in the fine chemicals area. We have our complete portfolio that is available in some of the first or, I should say, more of the upstream areas, where you're more into the, perhaps boat chemicals. There, we have a very strong Intelligent Motor Control offering, as well as process safety. And depending on the applications, the seal ratings of our Logix controllers can also be applied in the DCS end of those systems. So we continue to have meaningful solutions capabilities for many of the segments that will start growing if those projects are allowed to proceed, and I think that's a big if today. And obviously, the ongoing efforts with all the pipelines that need to take that gas to the final destination, we have a portfolio, and that's one of our strengths in the oil and gas areas. So we expect that to continue to be strong as well.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to clarify, Keith, you have a -- I mean in your opinion, at least, do you have a safety product that can compete directly with some of the guys that are known for that product, in particular Invensys, I guess -- known for that product in things like refineries?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, absolutely. We believe we're known for that product with ICS T. So we've been a supplier to that space. I should say they have, and we have been, since we acquired that company. And we have every bit the capability of Triconex and Invensys, except we do not do nuclear and they do nuclear. So I want to be clear there. That's an area where we don't participate, and I would say they have probably almost -- they have a very strong position in that space. But other than that, we can compete across the board with Invensys.
Operator: The next question comes from John Inch, Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just based on the trend, do you expect the solutions' book-to-bill to trend below 1 in this quarter, Keith or Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, John, I would say it's very typical for us, because shipments tend to be higher in Q4, it's very typical for us to have a solutions book-to-bill below 1 in Q4. Whether that will be the case or not this year, we'll have to wait and see.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So that would not be unusual? Maybe, is there some context you could put around the fact that we started the year so strong in solutions' book-to-bill and then it sort of has -- whether it's kind of normal pattern or not, it does seem to continue to trend lower? Is that because there were specific projects/region that was driving this that's being shipped and now we're in a kind of a flattish environment, and you just don't see anything else picking up? Or is it a timing issue? Like just maybe is there any kind of color that, Keith or Ted, you could comment on with respect to the pattern that we've seen over the last few quarters versus, say, historical and what you might have otherwise expected?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think yes, but you got to go back a little bit longer than the last couple of quarters. I mean, if you went back to the second-half, some of it is just the lumpiness of project business. And if you went back to the second half of last year, Q3 and Q4 were relatively weak quarters for us in terms of solutions orders. That's why we started the year with a very weak backlog, even though we had good shipments in the second half of last year. And basically, we replenished that backlog across the first quarter, so we started to catch up from an orders point of view. And our solutions sales are going to be higher now in the second half as a consequence of that. I'd say order rates now were kind of at a more normalized level.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But you're not being more, say, project selective or -- nothing else you would call out? Because I wouldn't think solutions, given the nature, would have 1 or 2 big projects driving it? That doesn't make a lot of sense, so...
Theodore D. Crandall: No, it's not 1 or 2 big projects.
Keith D. Nosbusch: And certainly, in our business, it is not the megaprojects that we book, although in any 1 quarter, we could shift a meaningful-sized project and that could give us a plus. Like Ted said, that's the lumpiness of this business. But for us to have projects over $10 million, it's -- we don't have a lot of those, unlike some of the other companies that report specific projects wins. So we think we have a much broader set of applications that we can support. And we can do that geographically in the different industries. So we tend to see 1 or 2 of those large projects in any quarter create that lumpiness. And then the wildcard is always the timing, when do they go out. And that can be delayed a couple of weeks or a couple of months. Although we haven't seen any uptick, other than in Asia, of delays in the backlog shipments. So that hasn't been the problem either.
Theodore D. Crandall: To answer your question about being more selective, we aren't being more selective. We're excited about the opportunity to grow our solutions business. It's critical to our participation in Process. And I think what you're seeing more than anything else is just a higher level of variability quarter-to-quarter in the orders and solutions than we would see in our product business.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That makes sense. Keith, how did mining do in the quarter? I mean, Latin America is continuing to be very robust. I guess, some of the window into mining, sort of Australia, New Zealand. Just remind us again how big is mining, and obviously, what's weak is U.S. coal mining, right? That could be still very, very weak next year. How significant is that and just what's kind of happening in your mining vertical?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, mining is about 8% of our sales today. And with respect to coal mining, that's where we have the least participation. So we do not see the impact of coal as a big impact to our business. So I would take that out of the equation of the dynamics in the market. For us, anyways. It's meaningful for others. But for us, it's the smallest mining piece that we have. I would say, in general, mining is slowing. We've had some projects that we've shipped this quarter. It was part of the strong growth in Latin America, it was because of mining projects shipping. We're seeing a slow down. And you mentioned in particular where it's occurring, Australia, there was -- Australia and Brazil. And the reason I call out those 2 is because they're the major suppliers to China. And with the China slowdown, that has impacted the raw materials and the resources coming from the more heavily mining-centric economies. We also see continued slowness in mining in South Africa. And that has to do a little bit with some of the labor unrest there, but probably a little stronger because of the pricing of the precious metals. Mexico, the mining continues to be strong. Canada, I think, we're having strong sales there, but we do see that slowing as we go forward. So a pretty mixed bag at this point in time with respect to mining. But we do see where the mines are going to put more emphasis on productivity, as we go into the future. And we think that will be real positive for us in the future as well.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could just ask one more. I want to go back to the question about sort of cash on balance sheet. And Ted, you sort of give the same answer every quarter. So I appreciate that your company has a balanced perspective towards capital allocation. That said, you are sitting on $1.4 billion of cash and short-term investments. And repatriation acts aside, assuming there isn't anything of that ilk, I mean, I guess I just don't see why Rockwell needs to be run with that much cash and short-term investments on balance sheet. Is there not something you can do, one-time special dividends, something like that? I mean what are you thinking of at this point? I just -- it would be great if you could repurchase more shares, but if you don't have the cash available, what -- you can't just let it sit and grow? So what are you thinking?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, so I mean I think that is fair. The money is available to us to do acquisitions outside the United States. As you know, we haven't been spending probably more than about $100 million a year on acquisitions. So unless we did something bigger, that won't change that in a meaningful way, I think if -- with the passage of time, it becomes clear that we aren't going to get any kind of relief from corporate tax reform, then we may have to consider some alternatives. But I do not think that now is the appropriate time to consider that.
Operator: The next question comes from Joshua Pokrzywinski, MKM Partners.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up to a comment you made in your prepared remarks about some of the big drivers in China, whether it's uncertainty, overcapacity or lack of liquidity. Keith, could you just kind of parse out what you're hearing most often, and which of those is the biggest issue in your opinion or what your customers are telling you?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think it depends on the industry that you're talking about. And if you look at infrastructure, in particular, steel, it's I would say predominantly overcapacity. And therefore, the government is not funding additional steel infrastructure projects. If you talk about the liquidity side of the equation, we've been talking about that for probably -- maybe almost going on 1 year now. But what we have seen previously is where that was hurting more the small and midsized companies. I think what happened in the last couple of months with liquidity is the government has made a focused effort to deal with the shadow banks, and more importantly, the interbank loan rates went up. And that started to impact some of the SOEs. And the local governments had to find other ways to fund their projects as opposed to being able to get it through some of the typical banks, and the cost was higher. And that's where we saw some of these added project delays. And so I would say that was the liquidity and capital structure of banks and interbank lending rates. And other than that, I think some of the OEM market has been hurt by the decline in exports, as opposed to liquidity. And in particular, exports to Europe have dropped dramatically. And so we see that in our OEM sector of the business. And I think that's probably a bunch of color there, so hopefully that parsed it a little bit for you.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then, just thinking high-level on the margins, you guys are at cycle highs now. Where from a mix perspective can things get better? And how should we think about any of the headwinds that you're facing today, and how those come back in terms of the mix? Obviously, Europe is still kind of getting back on its feet. We just talked about pockets of China that could be better or worse going forward. How should we think about the cost to serve, to drive growth as those recover or just product mix from here?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think, Josh, the big factors in our margin performance are always going to be volume and then the mix between our products and solutions businesses. Those are always going to be the 2 biggest factors. And maybe to a lesser extent, given the volume level, the extent to which we're ramping our spending. And so, I think as it relates to spending, we have been in a position for about the last year, and I think we'll continue in this manner, where we're going to try and control this spending at levels that we think are appropriate to our current volume levels. Given volume, talking about volume, I think right now, we're expecting flat conditions for the fourth quarter, flat market conditions, basically from Q3 to Q4. And at this point, we're not ready to talk about next year. And in terms of solutions versus product mix, we have always said that we think our solutions business over the long term is going to grow faster than the product business because we're going to have faster-than-average growth in Process and faster-than-average growth in emerging market, and both of those tend to drive a higher solutions mix.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: That's fair. And do you want to see the spending come back before you start vetting out some of your own investment? Or are you willing to kind of take a leap of faith as we get a little bit of visibility on '14?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, as Keith discussed and as we said in our comments, we are going to deliberately increase spending somewhat as we go from Q3 into Q4. And that's based on -- we intended to do that in Q3 and weren't able to bring it on as quickly as we had planned. I think it was Steve who asked about level of confidence in the recovery, I'm not sure we have a lot higher confidence of growth but we're probably a little bit more confident that we're not going to see a decline. And so we are willing to up the spending level a bit.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Winoker, Sanford Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: What was products sales year-on-year within CP&S increasing?
Keith D. Nosbusch: It was up 6%, the same as the segment.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, so pretty even, including solutions and services then?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Right.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Second, R&D, you've been running at about 4.1%, 4.2% annually. Can you give us a sense, I mean, given all the discussion in this call on the better incrementals margins and your expectations going forward for spending more, where specifically is R&D, where have you been running at roughly?
Keith D. Nosbusch: We've been running at roughly that level.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, and the level of spending we're talking about increasing in Q4 won't materially change that.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe just on Europe, that we saw, you said 2% up sequentially, overall for EMEA though. Maybe just a little more flavor on are you seeing Europe itself getting any better, or is this all Middle East, Africa?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say the strength has been more Middle East than Africa. I think it's also fair to say that the northern countries continue to do a little bit better than the southern countries. And in this quarter, Eastern Europe didn't look a lot different than Western Europe.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think what we're starting to see in Europe is, and I'm now talking -- I mean, not Middle East and Africa or Russia. It's a little more choppiness where there's not a consistent environment in any country on an ongoing basis. And so, in any month, as Ted said, the northern could be strong. We have seen a couple of success stories in southern as well, but they're infrequent. So it's just a little bit more choppy and uneven in Western Europe at the moment. And to Ted's point, that's starting to now impact a little bit of Eastern Europe as that's where a lot of the linkages have been developed over the years.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And Keith, could I just sneak in one strategic one, which is in light of all the share gains you've had over the years in Process and in Logix, and potentially some of that on the back of your competitors' underinvestments, such as Invensys and given the announcements that have happened or the potential combinations with Invensys, presumably that underinvestment would make way to catch up investment over time. I mean, how do you see that impacting your approach or the marketplace?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we don't think it will impact our position. We continue to add capability to our platform. We have been able to be successful in replacing legacy-install bases. We don't see that changing because those aren't going away. And added investment in this business certainly does not create a change in the market in the short or intermediate term. It takes a number of years to getting output from that investment and then another period of time to be able to generate the revenue from it. So we just are going to keep focused on expanding our footprint and enhancing our sales capabilities in the process space. And we are very confident in our ability to continue to grow independent of what happens in the external environment.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So you do have this offshore cash, deals would be the most logical way to deploy it, to Ted's point. I think you've made it pretty clear, the big deal that's out there to be done is not of interest, certainly sounds that way. But what does the acquisition horizon actually look like? Do you see bolt-ons that are clearly on your horizon? And maybe, in particular, maybe circling back, I think it was to Scott's question where you called out fine chemicals, honing in on that would also suggest that there's other vertical areas where software capabilities or whatever would really enhance what you're doing. So just any color there on what we could or maybe should expect on the M&A front, in say the next 12 or 24 months, not tomorrow necessarily.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, certainly, just to reinforce what Ted said and that is, we are trying to focus the majority of our M&A work outside the U.S., simply because we think that's where the best long-term growth opportunities are, and certainly, that would be the preferred path forward. And I would say, we continue to expand the search that we have going on, and we believe that we'll be able to generate additional acquisitions, and to your point, bolt-on acquisitions, as some of these companies mature, particularly in the emerging markets, where we're watching very carefully the smaller start-up companies that have competence and have capabilities as they continue to mature and develop. And so, that's one of the reasons we want to be careful with the utilization of that cash, so that we have the opportunity to make those acquisitions as we go forward. So the areas that we're looking at really haven't changed. It's where do we have technology gaps, where can we get domain expertise. And I would say in the recent past, domain expertise, particularly outside the U.S., has been a very fertile area for us, and we would expect that to continue. Services, as we continue to expand our portfolio and capabilities there, would be another important area for us to look at. And then, the point that you made with respect to software, we believe software is a continuous area to look at. And we have made a number of software acquisitions over the last decade. And we certainly believe that, that is an area that we can continue to add pieces to the portfolio that we have in the future.
Operator: I would now like to hand the call over to Rondi for closing remarks.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Not too many closing remarks other than just thanks to all of you for joining us today. I'll be available on the phone for any follow-up calls that you might have. So thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Emily. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the quarter and some remarks on the first half and outlook for the full year. Then Ted will provide more detail on both of those. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. Our results were released this morning in the press release, and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I know it's a busy earnings season for all of you, so I appreciate your time today and your interest in Rockwell Automation. The first portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter, so please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. Q2 was an interesting quarter with strong earnings and cash flow performance on uneven sales results by region. Adjusted EPS was up 11% on a sales decline of 2%. While there was some benefit from a lower tax rate in the quarter, most of the EPS increase was from operating performance. Sales in the quarter came in below our expectations, primarily due to our large decline in Asia. So let me go into Asia in a bit more depth. Sales in Asia were down 18% and the weakness in the region was broad-based. China and India were both down 16% in the quarter. Australia and Southeast Asia saw even larger percentage declines. We believe this is attributable to weak market conditions, as evidenced by continued project delays. I told you last quarter that I felt sentiment had improved in China, and I still believe that's true. We did see some sequential sales growth in China in Q2, but the improvement was well below our expectations. There are signs that point to a better second half in China, but we're somewhat cautious because current investment levels seem at odds with some of the published macro data. All of that said, we remain bullish on the long-term prospects for China. The evolution to a more consumption-based economy will drive investment in consumer packaged goods manufacturing, which is a sweet spot for us. Before I end my discussions on the top line, let me share a couple of other data points that I know you're always interested in. Process sales declined less than 1 point this quarter. We think Process will be flat to slightly up this year. Logix was flat in the quarter, so a bit better than the Architecture & Software segment as a whole. And the solution and services book-to-bill was again solid at 1.14. Operating margin of 18.7% in the quarter was very good given the sales decline with a strong contribution from productivity. Before I move on to the outlook, let me share a couple of thoughts on the first half of the year. Given market conditions, I'm pleased with where we are at the halfway point. On flat sales, we've been able to maintain margins while continuing to make select longer-term investments. Productivity was very good in the first half with contributions from all function, businesses and regions across the organization. Productivity is core to our growth and performance strategy. Cash flow in the first half was strong, and we recently raised dividend another 11%. We've increased our dividend by almost 80% over the last 4 years, reinforcing our commitment to returning excess cash to shareowners. And we continue to generate very high return on invested capital. So now we are onto the outlook. This is how we're thinking about the second half of the fiscal year. Industrial markets remain uneven around the world. The U.S. and Latin America are on steady growth paths, but the recession in Europe continues and Asia has been stubbornly weak. We continue to believe that the second half will be better than the first half, with sequential sales growth in all regions and across our products and solutions and services businesses. Sequential growth will be highest for our solutions businesses, which typically have a very strong Q4. And we're entering the second half with a solid project backlog. But the year-over-year growth rates in the second half will be uneven across the region. With 2 quarters behind us and given our current assessment of global economic and market conditions, we're lowering our sales outlook for the year to 0% to 3% organic growth. However, we're maintaining the midpoint of adjusted EPS guidance and narrowing the range from $5.40 to $5.70. Ted will go into more detail on this guidance. I have a few closing remarks before handing it off to Ted to go through the rest of the slides. For the fifth time, the Ethisphere Institute has named us one of the world's most ethical companies, a recognition honoring companies that outperform industry peers when it comes to business ethics, governance, anticorruption and sustainability. I want to thank our employees for continuing to make integrity a core company value and incorporating it into the business decisions they make every day. Together with our partners, we have proven we can effectively execute in all market conditions. We manage costs prudently with a sharp focus on select investments when things are slow and we're continuously finding more ways to add value to our customers. Even in this low-growth environment, I am confident we will continue to improve our market position, build our pipeline of opportunities, drive productivity and deliver superior returns to our shareowners. Here's Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our revised outlook for 2013. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everybody. My comments will continue to reference the charts that Rondi and Keith mentioned. And I'll start with Page 5, Second Quarter Results Summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1,523,000,000. That's down 2% compared to the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year impact of currency and acquisitions was negligible, so sales were down 2% organically as well. Segment operating earnings in the quarter, current period, were $285 million, up 3% compared to Q2 last year. General corporate net was $18.1 million in Q2 compared to $24.5 million in Q2 last year. Last year in Q2, general corporate net included a $7 million legacy environmental charge. The adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter was 23.6%. That compares to an adjusted effective rate in the same period last year of 25.3%. We benefited in the quarter from a catch-up adjustment related to the extension of the U.S. R&D tax credit. The impact of the catch up, both for fiscal '12 and for the first quarter of this year, reduced the effective rate in Q2 by about 3 points. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.33. That compares to $1.20 in the same quarter last year, so up 11%. The lower tax rate contributed about $0.03 to the year-over-year improvement. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 141.8 million. We repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares in the second quarter at a cost of about $126 million. And at the end of Q2, there were $723 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Through the first half of the fiscal year, we repurchased 2.6 million shares for approximately $214 million, so slightly ahead of the rate required to hit the $400 million full year repurchase expectation that we talked about in the previous earnings calls this year. Moving to Page 6. This is the graphical version of total company results for the second quarter. On the left side of the chart, you can see the 2% year-over-year sale decline. Sales increased by 2% sequentially. On the right side of the chart, you can see a modest increase in segment operating earnings, both year-over-year and sequentially. Total segment operating margin in Q2 was 18.7%, up a full point from second quarter last year despite the lower sales and also up 0.2 point sequentially. In the year-over-year comparison, the impact of lower sales was more than offset by strong productivity, some favorable mix and lower variable compensation expense. The productivity includes a number of factors. We have savings from the restructuring actions taken in Q4 last year, and we have not fully redeployed those savings because of the continued sluggish market conditions. We also experienced a strong contribution from cost reduction and process improvement activities in the quarter. And generally, we've maintained pretty tight controls on discretionary spending. The entire organization is focused on productivity and cost control given the slowdown in growth, and Q2 saw a particularly strong result in that regard. While not on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 29.8% at the end of the second quarter. Now please turn to Page 7, which summarizes the Q2 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, sales were down 4% year-over-year, down 3% organically. Sales were also down 3% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, the largest portion of the pie was due to Asia Pacific results. Operating margin for the quarter was 26.6%. That's up 0.9 points compared to Q2 last year. The margin increase is attributable to many of the same factors I talked about for the company as a whole. But additionally, Q2 last year was a relatively low-margin quarter for Architecture & Software, so also a somewhat easy comparison. The next page, Page 8, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Compared to Q2 last year, sales were down 1%, both as reported and organically. Sales for the product businesses in this segment were up 1% year-over-year and the solutions and services businesses were down 2%. Sales for the segment increased 6% sequentially, primarily driven by a 9% sequential increase in the solutions and services businesses. On the right side of this chart, you'll note the year-over-year and sequential earnings improvement. Operating margin in this segment increased by 1.2 points year-over-year to 13%. Similar theme in this segment, with the effect of lower volume more than offsetting those same 3 factors -- being more than offset by those same 3 factors of productivity, favorable mix and lower variable compensation expense. Switching to the next page. This is the geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, which displays organic growth. Basically, growth in the Americas and decline in the other regions. As Keith noted, the U.S. and Canada have continued to perform well in a relative sense. The U.S. was up 2% in the quarter. Canada was up 1%. And that's against a pretty difficult year-ago comparison. Canada grew 25% in Q2 last year and 20% for the full year. Latin America was our highest growth region in Q2, up 6%, with particularly strong growth in Mexico this quarter. EMEA was down 5%. Generally results in the southern countries continue to be below the region average and emerging market results continue to be above. And as Keith noted, Asia-Pacific was down 18% year-over-year with weak results across the region. Keith provided a good deal of color, particularly on China, so I won't repeat all of that. Instead, I'll turn to Page 10, which is free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $180 million, another strong quarter. Year-to-date conversion on adjusted income is about 93%. That's a very good result from the first half of the year, and we continue to expect conversion of about 100% for the full year. And that takes us to the final slide, Page 11, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '13. As Keith mentioned, we're updating the guidance. We now expect sales to be in the range of $6.25 billion to $6.45 billion. That revenue range represents organic growth for the full year of between 0% and 3%. That's down from the previous guidance of 1% to 5%. With lowered sales expectations for the full year partly due to our year-to-date performance, we still expect to see some improvement in the second half, primarily in our solutions and services businesses. However, we expect a lower year-over-year growth rate in the second half now compared to the previous guidance. We believe that currency and acquisitions will add less than 0.5 point of growth for the full year. That's down from about 1 point in our prior guidance and mainly due to a stronger dollar. We expect segment margin for the full year to be about 18.9% compared to 18.7% in our previous guidance. In part, that's a reflection of our year-to-date margin results. We expect adjusted EPS in the range of $5.40 to $5.70, so we've narrowed the range but maintained the same midpoint. We now foresee a full year adjusted tax rate of about 25%. The previous guidance was 25% to 26%. We still expect to spend about $400 million on share repurchases this year. And finally, we still expect general corporate net expense to be about $83 million for the full year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rondi, and we can begin the Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. Before get started, I'd just like to say that as our analyst coverage has expanded, it's been a challenge for us to get to all the callers in the queue, and we do our best. But I guess, I would ask for your cooperation in that as well. [Operator Instructions] So we appreciate your cooperation. And Emily, let's take our first questioner.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Keith, thanks for the comments around China. Could we dig into that a little bit more? China this quarter seems to be a little all over the map in terms of companies and their results. Some are up a lot and some like you struggled. You thought it was going to grow about 5%. Obviously, I'm assuming that's not on the table anymore. Keith, what are you seeing there? Is it broad? Is it because of just credit restrictions? Is it -- just what's kind of the tone of what your customer's saying?
Keith D. Nosbusch: To your first comment, John, you're absolutely right, we don't see a 5% growth for the full year at this point in time. In fact, it will probably be slightly negative for the full year. We do think that it will improve as we go through the second half. We're pleased with some of the solutions backlog that we've been able to build. But really I think there's a dimension of liquidity there, particularly for the small and mid-sized companies. I think it's probably a slower-developing recovery at this point than we had anticipated. A part of that may be because their stimulus was probably only 1/4 of what it was a number of years ago when we saw a much more rapid recovery. And I would say I think China is -- what we're also sensing from some of the latest data that we've had is that China is probably being impacted more now from the overall economy in the other regions, in particularly Europe and other countries in Asia. The exports have dropped dramatically in the last report that we've seen. And that is a big part of their economy. I mean, we talked about in the future that we believe it will be consumption-oriented. But today, it's infrastructure and it's exports. And exports have been down. Infrastructure has had minimal stimulus, as I mentioned, compared to the previous one. So right now, I think we see China as struggling to generate the types of growth that we've seen previously.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. No, that makes sense. So just as then the follow-up, Keith, how did your quarter progress? It looks like the month of March was a bad month in general for Europe. And generally speaking, the end of March sort of wasn't that great, depending on the region and your exposure. What's the tone of your business? And any kind of comments you could make on April would be helpful.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, basically, the quarter proceeded like a normal Q2 for us. And it starts out slow and March is one of our stronger months generally. And we saw that uptick continue in March, so progressed slightly better as the quarter progressed. And April, with what we're seeing to date, April started slow. That isn't unusual given the fact that we had the holiday right at the start. But it's consistent performance month-to-date with our revised guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis for Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I want to back up and just ask kind of a bigger question -- bigger-picture question. It seems that automation, on an overall basis, if we look at your competitors as well, has really slowed globally probably a little bit below global GDP. I mean, is it -- do you think in your opinion is this more related to just the fact that people are so uncertain about the growth outlook that they're willing to put off investments, particularly productivity investments? And do you think that's a timing issue and we get a snapback? Or do you think this is something that could linger a while?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, at this point, with the information we have and the conversations with customers and our sales organization and channel partners, we believe it's the continued uncertainty and the, I'll just call it, the constant swing of news with respect to whether it's in Europe and the continuing lingering of financial austerity versus growth investments, and then some of the conversation of overcapacity in China. I think the uncertainty factor continues to be, at this point anyway, the bigger card that is keeping investments from occurring at this point in time. And I say that for those reasons, but also it's not like companies' balance sheets are not in good condition. So it's not a lack of ability to invest. I think the greater impediment today is the uncertainty. And I think that is what's been lingering more than normal.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, makes sense. And just to follow up on John's question on China. I mean, is it your sense that you've lost share at all in China in the couple of quarters? I'm not sure that your competitors have seen quite the pullback that you guys have? Or is it just the question really of the mix business that you have there?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think you answered it a little. First, if you go back to last year, we definitely know we were outperforming many of the competitors on a relative basis. And I think today, we certainly do not believe we're losing share. There is not really any good real-time market data there, so I want to be careful with my comment. But we do know that our loss weight rate is not increasing. So we're winning what we were previously. There's just fewer projects. And so we don't -- once again, anecdotally, we don't believe we're losing share. And we do think the mix has the largest percentage of why we're, at this point, appear to be somewhat disadvantaged compared to the competition. But we aren't losing at a greater rate. We just think there's fewer projects and that those projects are less prevalent than they had previously been. And quite frankly, we are no less bullish on the market for the longer term, particularly given our portfolio and our capabilities, than we were previously. So I think we're just at a point in the cycle in China where we might be slightly more disadvantaged. But the longer outlook, we think, still bodes well for our opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa for JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just on the margin, pretty surprising there that you guys are able to -- I guess, last cycle, if you'd put up a negative comp like this, we probably would've seen a little bit more margin pressure. Maybe if you could just talk through and give a little more detail around what's driving that. I also think you had a sequential step-up in incentive comp. Maybe that didn't happen, I don't know. So even in the context of that, it looks even better. So just curious if there's more detail around your margin performance.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So well, if you look at the year-over-year comparison, I talked a little bit about that in my comments. Basically, we had a negative impact from volume obviously, but we more than offset that with primarily strong productivity results. And the productivity results was a combination of the restructuring savings that we haven't redeployed. And basically we haven't redeployed them because we're continuing to see pretty sluggish market conditions. We've been very tight on discretionary spending and the organization has reacted well with that. And then probably, most importantly, in our cost reduction and process improvement initiatives, we just had a very good result year-to-date. But particularly this quarter, and coupled with a little bit of favorable mix and coupled with the fact that our incentive compensation expense is down year-over-year, that allowed us to more than offset the volume impact. Sequentially, we did have a merit increase, not an incentive comp increase but a merit increase, Steve. And we were able to offset that basically with those same factors that I talked about.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, what are you doing -- this is a follow-up. What are you doing -- what are you not doing this cycle that you would've been doing last cycle with the more optimistic -- I guess, I'm just curious, not only from your perspective but also other companies are obviously behaving very differently in this environment. What are the things that you are not spending on that you would've been spending on last cycle?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I don't know if we're behaving that differently. I mean, we're talking about a slight decline here compared to a pretty dramatic and pretty quick one in that last cycle. So what we're doing, to Ted's point, is we're holding discretionary and any of the redeployment of our savings from what we did in Q4. The restructuring savings, we're just very slow at allowing that to be reinvested. And so we picked a couple of very key areas. But other than that, it's the productivity that Ted talked about. And I think the other point that probably we should make is this is something that does has variability quarter-to-quarter. So we certainly don't think we'll see the same strength of productivity as the year continues to progress. But this was a very strong quarter and across a lot of the organization.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean, in that regard, we talked a little bit about this on the earnings call last quarter. We had a somewhat difficult comparison in Q1 and somewhat easier comparison in Q2. If you look at our year-to-date margin performance, we're basically flat on a little bit of a sales decline, so probably closer to what you would've expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baliotti with Janney Capital Markets.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Keith, could you kind of go around the world in your geographies and characterize the type of demand you're seeing? If you look at -- maybe put in the buckets of MRO versus project. Just kind of give us a sense of where customers -- where their heads are at right now.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, I think at this point, let's start with probably the one that's a little easier, and that's the U.S. What we're seeing in the U.S. is definitely MRO and project, small project investing. And that's probably typical at this point. The U.S., the manufacturing is running, I'll say, reasonably strong compared to the rest of the world. And so you would expect to have MRO and small project activity. And in fact, in the U.S., that is what we believe is driving the growth rates that Ted talked about. If we go to Europe, in Europe, we believe it's a number of activities. We still believe we're doing well in some of the northern countries. As Ted said, we have the North-South phenomena here. And certainly, we see good work in some of the machine builder areas in those northern countries, particularly Germany. And a lot of that is export, which is a strength of Rockwell Automation. We don't have a meaningful installed base throughout Western Europe, so the MRO business there is probably not being -- is not helping. But on the other hand, it's not hurting because certainly the capacity utilization in Europe is down. The strength in Europe for us is, in this quarter anyways, is mainly in emerging, where it is positive growth in total, driven a lot by the Middle East, which is heavy project-oriented. And that project-oriented would be oil and gas, as well as metals and mining to some degree, but we see that. And so it would be more project work there for sure than the MRO. And there's really not much of an OEM base in the emerging EMEA. If we go to Latin America, there it's a mixture. We mentioned that Mexico was very strong. That continues to be a strong performer for us. There we see auto being a help. And we also see the strength of mining and food and beverage in Mexico as well. So it's more project work than any place else. Brazil, Brazil remains positive for us. There the majority of the work has been in project work. I would say it's been weaker in the OEMs. They're still struggling with some of their competitiveness in the global market and -- but yet we see the oil and gas activities and improvement in the CPG industries there for us. In Asia, Asia, we don't really have a strong MRO content if you look outside of Australia and New Zealand. So really there it's driven by the lack of exports, the problems with liquidity, and therefore, the ability to invest in small, mid-sized projects. And the larger projects are dealing with some of the overcapacity if you look at what's going on in metals in China and other region -- other countries in the region. So that's a little flavor as we go around the geographies. And I guess, I'll stop there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Keith, in relation to that, can you walk through globally what you're seeing in automotive in their investment cycle right now, were investments still being made, were they're falling off? Does it seem to be kind of a peak here globally for at least the CapEx investments for automotive?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. We think, to your point, we think automotive is continuing to invest at a high level, but it's not growing, but it's still a meaningful level of investment. And I would say the easiest one to talk about is Europe, in particular Western Europe. Very, very little investment there. Most of it is still rationalization of plants, which they have not gone through. And you've heard recent announcements there by almost all of the major companies about trying to take capacity out. And I think that will continue to be the situation in Europe for the foreseeable future. If we come back to the U.S., there we have a lot of continued investment, both from the U.S. manufacturers as well as the multinationals and the foreign companies that are continuing to invest. That has been positive. We see a number of projects continuing. And we believe '13 and '14, will stay at a reasonable level as we see the outlook for the U.S. In Latin America, Latin America, I mentioned the strength of Mexico. Some of that is definitely ongoing automotive investments. And I think really the only other country where there's any meaningful automotive capacity is Brazil. And there is investment going on there, although some projects are starting to -- have been delayed, not for economic decisions but for just the ability to create the infrastructure that's needed given where one of the major plants is being located. If we go to Asia, China, I would say we don't see significant growth in the investments in automotive in China. However, there continues to be investment in both the joint ventures, which obviously you need to have in China if you're a non-Chinese producer. And then also the top Chinese companies, the top indigenous Chinese companies are also continuing to invest. And when I talk about them, it's probably the top 5 to 10. As you know, there's hundreds of automotive companies in China, and that is not going to stay in that condition as time moves on. We're going to see a massive consolidation. But the larger ones are continuing to invest. India, very weak. We don't see much investment going on there at this point in time. Korea and Japan, in the indigenous markets, we don't play very strongly in the automotive. But we work very, very well with the Japanese and Korean companies when they build outside of their home country. So that would reflect more of my comments about the U.S. investment, Mexico investment and Latin America investment. So that's a little flavor for what we see going on in the automotives, continued high levels of investment, but we don't see incremental growth at the levels that we're currently at.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Great. That's a lot of flavor. And then just quickly looking at CP&S, is there a disconnect? But how are motor control and products in this segment relative to the services and solutions?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So in the quarter, year-over-year, the product portion of the segment was up 1% and solutions and services was down 2%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Kwas for Wells Fargo.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Keith, could you comment on the mining and metals market? I know it's been mixed for you over the last several quarters by region and just wanted to get an update there. And then if we're in a prolonged cycle where investment is going to continue to decline, how are you thinking -- what's your thoughts on that and how you're prepping the business for that potential outcome?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, with mining, as we look at that, it continues to be mixed results. We certainly see the drops in declining commodity prices, which is starting to limit some of the investments. And I guess, the good news in mining, where those investments are being limited, many of the mining companies are now focused on productivity in their existing operations as opposed to new investments. And that still results -- still will result in some business for us. In the U.S., we had a good quarter in mining. We see mining as still -- and when I talk about mining, I'm not talking about coal mining. That's probably the area in the U.S. that is weaker. But we don't play -- we don't have a strong position in the underground mining in coal in the U.S. So we aren't hurt by that situation. In Canada, we see it weakening and mainly driven by the global commodity of prices. EMEA, really the mining in EMEA is South Africa. That continues to be weak because of the labor unrest. And as we mentioned in the commentary that I and Ted made in Asia, the weakness was broad-based, but we specifically mentioned Australia. And Australia is heavily driven by the mining industry and China and India are the real destination of a lot of their exports. And with both of those countries weaker, it is impacting mining in China. In Latin America, it's mixed. I think some of the new investments are slowing in Latin America, particularly in the Andean region, and in Brazil. And we see a pickup in mining in Mexico. So it continues to be mixed. I think you also talked about metals. Metals, we see continued slowing in spending and investments. We certainly believe that there's overcapacity in China. And I did mention, however, part of the Middle East growth was because of mining with the -- because of metals, particularly energy-intensive investments are still being made in the Middle East, particularly in aluminum. And we're benefiting from some of that investment. So that would be the commentary around those 2. And I guess, I spoke so long, you had a second question.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think it was a potential slowdown.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Okay. Ted just reminded me. Well, I mean, as we went into the year, we had our contingency plans set. Ted mentioned that we've been very tight on discretionary spending. We think at these levels that, that is the prudent thing to do. And we don't see this as a prolonged slowdown. We would still call this as part of the mid-cycle pause. So what we're doing today and how we're approaching it with watching our reinvestment rates and watching discretionary spending, we believe those are the appropriate actions at this point. And we always continue to monitor what's going on in the external markets, how it's impacting us and be in a position where we can respond if things change one way or the other. But quite frankly, we have a lot of good projects to invest in if we start seeing some growth. And we're hoping that later in the year, we can start making some of those investments as it becomes a little more uncertain-ish for what the growth is going to be going forward.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up, these restructuring benefits that you had this quarter, I mean, that should continue for the rest of the fiscal year, correct? Is that the right way to think about it?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think it will continue until we see a pickup in sales that causes us to start to redeploy some of that investment, as Keith was just discussing.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's going to be at your discretion, obviously.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Sullivan for RBC.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You talked a lot about the end markets, some good color there. Just wondering maybe in terms of the end markets, what's a little bit weaker than you had expected? And what sort of changed in your outlook and assumptions?
Keith D. Nosbusch: From end markets, I think we have to look at it by region because in reality, most of the regions are performing as we expected, other than Asia. And so if we talk about end markets in Asia, I would say a little bit to the conversation that we had earlier. Mining is very weak. Metals is very weak. And I would say infrastructure investments in China have been slower as far as ramping up than we thought. Cement in China would be weaker. And I think some of the OEMs in China are weaker. And I would say that because of the commentary I gave on the export numbers. And I think it's hurting some of the smaller, less sophisticated machines that China is a leading exporter of. So I think we're seeing an impact in the OEM. And then finally, as far as the OEM sectors themselves, I think tire has probably been one of the weaker sectors in the region. And whether that's from an end-user consumption or the machine builders, I think we've seen tire probably slow a little quicker than we originally had thought. So a lot of it driven by the materials or the mining activities in Asia, some machinery builders and OEM content, and then some of the heavy industries, the metals, the cement, some of the power generation, and then infrastructure. So I would say that's -- those are where the differences are. And a lot of that comes back to Asia, and then China and the other emerging markets.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then I guess, just in the second half, it looks like the organic growth in the range of somewhere in the flat to up 5% or 6%. Is Asia the big swing factor there? Or is that a big chunk of it, and then, say, the upper end assumed some pickup in the broader economies and other regions as well?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, if we look at -- from an organic standpoint, we believe the greatest growth in the second half will -- and we think at our midpoint, the second half organic growth is about 3% year-over-year. So the greatest growth there is really in Latin America, where we expect it to be mid-single-digits; the U.S., low single-digits; and EMEA, low to mid-single-digits as well, from an organic growth standpoint. And as I mentioned earlier, we still expect Asia-Pacific to be weak and both China and the region will be negative low single-digits for the second half. So that's a little characterization of where we think it's coming from. But overall, 3% organic growth once again at the midpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker for Sanford Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Logix was up about 5%, I guess, last quarter. And this quarter, you said it's up again. Maybe give us a little bit of perspective for how much you're seeing in existing versus new customers for Logix and where the gain is happening and whether you think you're winning, who you're winning the -- what sort of share perspective is on that given that's one of the bright spots still.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, let me make sure I characterize the Logix comment. I thought I had said that Logix was flat but higher than the A&S average. So I just want to make sure that, that's clear, that Logix was flat but higher than the A&S growth, which was negative. And certainly, we believe that we're still going to see growth in Logix. The outlook is for that to be in the mid-single-digit growth as we go through the remainder of the year and to continue to be above the A&S average for the second half. The success we're having with Logix continues to be driven in 2 areas. The first one is the continued expansion into Process. Now Process hasn't been growing strong, as you know, in the last 2 quarters. But we're still engaged in activity and projects, and Process will be an expansion area for Logix as those markets begin to recover. And part of our backlog that we have in our solutions business is obviously in Process. And that will continue to generate an expansion of an installed base of Logix going forward. The other area that Logix is being successful in, as we have talked about, is the continued expansion of the midrange family and how that expands our capabilities to address more of the OEM business globally. And that's part of the reasons we are continuing to have success in certain countries in Europe, in particular the exporting OEM market. And we continue to generate conversion opportunities with those new platforms with OEMs in Europe, the U.S. as well as the exporting Asian countries. Now obviously, the decline we had in China meant that OEMs were also down. But we're continuing to work with them to incorporate the new midrange platform of products, whether it be motion, drives or PLCs, logic controllers, that enable us to grow that business as time goes on. So Process and OEMs, key areas, and then safety would be the third area. We still have a very differentiated integrated safety capability, and that plays very well in both machine, safety and discrete manufacturing, where you want to have an integrated control and safety solution.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then on the U.S. dynamic, maybe talk a little bit, are you seeing anything to the idea and concept of nearshoring at this point or any -- I mean, what's your outlook from that perspective for North America? A lot of hype obviously, in this area. Anything that would give you any indication that there's something to it in select spaces?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I don't think we would say that we've seen anything to it at this point in time yet. But certainly, the conversations have great potential, really driven at -- the core of the whole conversation is around a couple things. One, the increasing cost in some of the low-cost manufacturing environments around the world. In particular, all of you have seen the continued inflation in China, the wage increases and the conversation of the need for more automation. On one hand, that's very good for us because we'll supply all of that automation. On the other hand, U.S. companies can be competitive now, and so the competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing is what's very important. And certainly, what we do for our customers helps them to improve their competitiveness. And I think as that differential get smaller, the competitiveness in the U.S. comes to the forefront if we continue to invest. The other dimension, which is probably the longer-term play but one that maybe has the greatest potential, is the whole conversation around energy and in particular, gas. And if the U.S. takes advantage of its gas reserves and the fact that we could have the lowest-cost energy in the world, which once again is a huge competitive advantage, you could see a very meaningful uptick in the downstream industries associated with gas. And today, you see production and exploration going on. But the downstream would be the chemical industries, fine chemicals, plastics and also energy-intensive industries, some of the metals industries. If the U.S. has the lowest-cost energy, which we do, and we create the right infrastructure, which means pipelines and transmission lines, we can regenerate that entire industry, in particular along the Gulf Coast and the South. And I think that is the longer-term opportunity for U.S. And hopefully, that is something that the government finds a way to encourage, incent and support for the long-term growth of jobs of quite candidly a very prosperous middle class and a very, very robust industrial sector for many years to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Keith, the U.S. still remains pretty solid but kind of uneven, as you talked about. So it was up 2% a couple quarters ago, then up 6%, now up 2% again. I mean, do you have any thoughts on what's driving the unevenness in the U.S. and why the first quarter was particularly strong and a little bit pulled back this quarter? What are you seeing in terms of, I guess, how your customers are managing their buying behavior?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, I would tend to fall back on our comments that we normally make, and that is quarter-to-quarter variability and project variability, end-of-the-year timing as there are some budget activity that's going on that creates it, the tax incentives, a lot of nuanced areas as opposed to -- and I think it's methodically moving forward. The perturbations that we see tend to be things that we have a very hard time quantifying or particularly identifying at any -- as any specific. This is what happened in our first quarter. This is what didn't happen in our second quarter. So I think it's the quarter-to-quarter variability. And really project timing is probably the biggest mover as far as that goes. But I mean, it's very difficult for us to identify the short-term movements in our business.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just as you think through this back half, is there anything by vertical market in terms of comps that get easier or particular backlog you have in place that you kind of have a view into better growth in the second half year-over-year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, certainly, what drives -- the biggest driver of our belief in improvement in the second half is the backlog of our solutions businesses. And we talked about the book-to-bill, the last 2 quarters, it was over 1 meaningfully in our first quarter. I think I said 1.14 this quarter. We feel confident that, that is shippable backlog and we expect that to go out over the next 2 quarters. And that's one of the, I would say, more firm picture that we have as to why we believe the second half will see both year-over-year growth and stronger sequential growth.
Theodore D. Crandall: And particularly sequentially, the solutions backlog at the end of the first half, it's driving that sequential growth in the second half.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So you have pretty good visibility into that at this point?
Keith D. Nosbusch: We do for 2 quarters. And that's why we -- that's why Ted made the comment. It's pretty solid and obviously, the only 2 I got you there are: one, our ability to execute, which I have a lot of confidence that we'll be able to do; and then secondly, is there project delays from our customers. And those are the things we don't know. We don't see anything unusual in that regard now. But what happens over the next 2 quarters, that would be the other factor that could cause even a solid backlog to not occur from a revenue standpoint.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Emily and all of the callers, thank you so much for dialing in today and thanks for your discipline on 1 question and a follow-up. I'm obviously available for follow-up calls with analysts after this. So thanks, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to the Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Frances. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining us on Rockwell Automation's First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the company's performance in the quarter and outlook for the full year, and then Ted will provide more detail on both of those. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website, and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I know it's been a busy earnings season for all of you, so I appreciate your time today and your interest in Rockwell Automation. The first portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter. So please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. Sales in Q1 were in line with our expectations in total with mixed results by region. Latin America grew 7% with Brazil back to positive growth. U.S. growth was strong at 6%. EMEA declined 2%, as expected, due to flat OEM demand and lower solutions backlog entering the quarter. The negative surprise in the quarter was 9% sales decline in Asia Pacific. China and India were both down in the quarter more than the region average. In China, continued soft economic growth, lack of credit availability and project delays all impacted sales in the quarter. Orders performance was better than sales performance, and we rebuilt backlog in the quarter. I was in China earlier this month, and it feels to me like sentiment for industrial investment is turning a bit more positive, which should help our second -- our results in the second half. I'm confident that we're well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities when growth reaccelerates. In India, continued economic weakness, tight credit and high interest rates are dampening investment and causing project delays, and we don't see any improvement on the horizon. Process had a small sales decline this quarter, reflecting a weaker solutions backlog coming into the quarter and continued project delays. We continue to believe that process is our best growth opportunity, and I'll talk more about that later. Before I end my discussion on the top line, let me point out a couple of positives in the quarter. In addition to the strong sales in the U.S. and Latin America, Logix grew 5%, and we were encouraged to see solutions order rates pick up. The solutions and services book-to-bill was 1.23. Those of you who have been following us for a while know that a core part of our strategy is diversification of revenue streams from a geography, industry and application perspective. A quarter like this, where you have areas of strength that make up for pockets of weakness, demonstrates the importance of that strategy. Operating margin of 18.5% in the quarter was good and in line with our full year guidance. Adjusted EPS was $1.23 in the quarter. So overall, I'd call it a good start to the fiscal year. Let me share some other highlights of the quarter. CONTROL Magazine, an industry-leading publication exclusively dedicated to the global process automation market, recently issued the results of its Readers' Choice survey. We had our best showing ever with 43 wins in control, industry and product categories, the most of any process company. Of the 6 CONTROL discipline awards, we won 3, with no other company winning more than 1. In the industry vertical awards, we won 30 out of 53. The second-place supplier won only 12. These results are further validation that we are gaining ground as a leading DCS company for process applications. We're getting good traction with new products such as our family of midrange controllers that we've released throughout 2012. We expect this new product momentum to continue, and that along with the cooperation from the global economy will help fuel the increased growth in the second half that's baked into our fiscal year guidance. In early Q1, we closed on an acquisition in China, a medium voltage drives business headquartered in Harbin. This acquisition positions us well in the fastest-growing region for medium voltage drives adoption and energy-intensive applications. I'm really excited about this group of talented employees, who bring local manufacturing and design capability that will help us serve customers in China and across Asia. We were honored to receive the Better Business Bureau's 2012 International Torch Award for marketplace excellence. This award reflects our commitment to quality, our customers, our investors and our communities all based on a strong foundation of ethics and integrity. Every employee played a role in this recognition and should be extremely proud. So let me share our thoughts on the remainder of the year. Given first quarter results and our current assessment of market conditions, we are reaffirming our outlook for fiscal 2013 organic growth of 1% to 5%, with corresponding adjusted EPS of $5.35 to $5.75. We think year-over-year growth in Q2 will be similar to Q1, but stabilization of macroeconomic indicators and forecasts, coupled with our rebuilt backlog, reinforce our expectations of increasing industrial activity, resulting in stronger growth in the second half of our fiscal year. We're planning to continue to invest in innovation and customer-facing resources, but we'll monitor business conditions closely and pace our investments accordingly. While the economy is not as robust as we all would like it to be and business conditions remain challenging, we're seeing signs of stabilization that are encouraging. We're going to stay focused on providing value to our customers and executing our strategy. If we do that, we'll continue to outgrow the market. We have a great franchise with great employees and partners that know how to be flexible, collaborative and responsive to customers' needs. That's what will enable us to grow and deliver superior return to our share owners. Here's Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2013. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith. All right, good morning, everybody. As Rondi mentioned, we posted a set of slides at the website, and my comments are going to reference those slides. I'll start with Page 5, which is the first quarter results summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1,489,000,000, up 1% compared to the first quarter of last year. The year-over-year impact of currency fluctuations reduced sales by about 0.5 point, and acquisitions contributed less than 0.5 point. Organic growth was 1.5%. As I move to segment operating earnings, I'll take the opportunity to remind you that consistent with our discussions on last quarter's earnings call, beginning with this first quarter of fiscal '13, we've adopted a new approach to dealing with pension expense in some of our earnings measures. We've introduced new non-GAAP measures that exclude non-operating pension costs from our income from continuing operations and corresponding EPS, and we also changed our definition of segment earnings to exclude the non-operating pension costs. We defined non-operating pension costs to include defined benefit plan interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains and losses and the impacts of any plan curtailments or settlements. We consider service costs related to active employees to be operating pension costs. So on the new reporting basis, segment operating earnings were $276 million, down about 5% from $292 million in Q1 last year. General corporate net was $18.5 million compared to $20.2 million in Q1 last year. $18.5 million is a little lower than our expected run rate for the full year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 26.6%. That compares to an adjusted effective rate in Q1 last year of 24.9%. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.23, and that compares to $1.31 a year ago. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 141.2 million. We repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares in the first quarter at a cost of about $88 million, and at the end of Q1, there was $849 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Moving to Page 6. This is the graphical version of total company results for Q1. As I noted on the prior slide, the year-over-year increase in sales for Q1 was 1%. Bills declined sequentially by 11%. As we discussed in last quarter’s earnings call, we entered the first quarter with an unusually low backlog in our solutions businesses. On the right side of the chart, you will note a modest year-over-year and sequential decline in operating earnings. Operating margin in Q1 was 18.5%, down from 19.8% on a comparable basis for Q1 last year. The year-over-year decline is more about an unusually strong margin in Q1 last year than about weakness this year. In Q1 this year, we experienced very modest organic growth so not enough volume leverage to offset a higher base of spending due to annualization of fiscal '12 investments, the increase in operating pension costs of about $5 million in the quarter and normal year-on-year compensation increases. Currency effects also had a negative impact on operating margin in the quarter. These factors had a similar impact on operating margins in both segments. At 18.5%, operating margin is about equal to last year's full year result, pretty much right on our full year guidance and we believe a very solid start to the year. Although it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 29%. Now please turn to Page 7. This is the Q1 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, sales increased 1% year-over-year. Currency translation reduced sales by 1 point, so 2% organic growth. Sales were down 2% sequentially. Operating margin for the quarter was 27.9%, down from a difficult comp of 29.1% in Q1 last year, but almost a full point above the full year 2012 operating margin for Architecture & Software. Again, a pretty strong start to the year. You can also note here that sequential earnings improvement and operating margin was up 2.7 points sequentially. The next page, Page 8, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in the quarter were up 1% compared to last year both on a reported and organic basis. There was no significant difference between the year-over-year growth rates and the products portion of this segment and the solutions and services portion. Sales declined 16% sequentially with products down 3%, but solutions and services down 24%. The decline in solutions and services was pretty much as expected, and consistent with our comments last quarter regarding a low beginning backlog. On the right side of this chart, you'll note the year-over-year and sequential earnings decline. Operating margin in this segment dropped from 12.5% in Q1 last year to 11.2% this year. Particularly in our solutions and services businesses, the cost structure increased over the course of last year as volume ramped. We haven't fully adjusted for the substantial sales decline from Q4 to Q1 because we've rebuilt backlog in Q1, and we need to preserve the experienced people in these businesses to fulfill the orders which now will be delivered in the balance of the year. Switching to the next page. This provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, which displays organic growth. As Keith noted, strong growth in the U.S. of 6%, Latin America was up 7% and Brazil experienced 13% growth in the quarter. EMEA and Canada were each down 2%, and Asia Pacific was down 9% year-over-year with China down 13%. India was weaker. That was somewhat offset by growth in the balance of Asia. Compared to our expectations and looking across the regions, the U.S. outperformed expectations in Q1 and Asia underperformed. Keith talked about some of the reasons for the underperformance in China and India in his comments. We do expect to see improvement in Asia Pacific sales performance in the balance of the year, particularly in China. Trends in the macro indicators, our backlog at the end of Q1 and input from our sales organization and customers support this view. In the longer term, we continue to believe that the emerging markets in Asia remain among our best growth opportunities. I'll turn now to Page 10, which is free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $156 million. Even though Q1 is typically a weaker cash-flow quarter, that represents about a 97% conversion on net income so another very good start to the year. And that takes us to the final slide, Page 11, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '13. As Keith mentioned, we're reaffirming guidance. We continue to expect sales in the range of $6.35 billion to $6.65 billion. That revenue range represents organic growth for the full year between 1% and 5%. Consistent with our previous guidance, we still project stronger growth rates in the second half of the fiscal year. We believe that currency and acquisitions will add about 1 point of additional growth for the full year. That's the same as prior guidance. We continue to expect segment margin to be about 18.7% for the full year, and consistent with an expectation of higher growth rates in the second half, third and fourth quarters are also likely to be the higher-margin quarters. We are reaffirming adjusted EPS in the range of $5.35 to $5.75. We now foresee a full year adjusted tax rate of between 25% and 26%. That's down slightly from previous guidance of 26%. The reduction is primarily due to the extension of the R&D tax credit for 2012 and 2013 in the recent American Taxpayer Relief Act. We believe that the benefit of a lower tax rate will now likely be offset by somewhat higher share count. Subject primarily to acquisition opportunities, we still expect to spend about $400 million this year on repurchases. However, we are now projecting that full year average shares outstanding will be about 141 million. That's up 1 to 2 million shares from what we expected in November and due to a higher share price and the impact of the higher share price on both repurchases and options. And finally, we still expect general corporate net expense to be about $83 million for the full year. With that, I'll turn it over to Rondi, and we'll begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] Okay, Frances, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you just maybe provide some color on Process in China?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, specifically, Process in China, I think, was -- the impact there was mainly in project delays both -- and really in the backlog where there was a delay in customers because of liquidity, in some cases, delaying shipments. But probably the bigger impact of it was simply the large backlog depletion that we had in the fourth quarter left us with less to be able to ship in the first quarter. So I think that was probably the bigger portion. We saw some additional delays throughout the quarter. I would say the encouraging thing about Process in China was the orders that we had during the quarter where we have rebuilt some of that backlog. So I think it was a quarter -- at this point, we believe it was a quarter phenomenon.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up to that on the backlog build, this -- the CPS solutions business kind of hit -- seemed like it hit instantaneously here with your backlog, that 1.23 book-to-bill, I guess, you're saying through the balance of the year? How much of this comes through in the second quarter? Because that would imply quite a nice -- just like you had a pretty significant downdraft in the first quarter here would suggest EPS bounces back pretty strongly in the second quarter, yet you're kind of guiding to moderate year-over-year growth, which looks like it doesn't account for that kind of bounceback in the second quarter on revenues.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, Steve, I would say what we believe is that, that buildup in the first quarter doesn't come out immediately the quarter after. So that buildup is why we have confidence in the growth rate in the second half of our year, and it's why we believe the second quarter will be similar to the first quarter. And the buildup, while we're positive about the buildup, it does take a while to work its way through the organization and through the engineering and design process for those projects, and it's a second half phenomenon.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And were these orders late in the quarter? That's my last question, sorry. Were they late in the quarter? Or did they come kind of throughout the quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think they weren't disproportionately weighted to December, but our orders did ramp from October through December in the quarter. Steve, that was pretty much across the board, not unique to solutions. And just one more comment on solutions. I think we do expect better solutions sales in Q2 than Q1, but we think we'll see more of the impact of that backlog build beyond Q2.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Scott Davis from Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have a few questions, but I think one thing that's pretty notable is your kind of lack of commitment to share buyback here, and I think the question is kind of it -- maybe it just shows a lack of confidence in the macro environment. But if you look back at kind of the history of your share repurchases, you bought back a lot of stock in 2006 and 2007, and then a bit in 2008, and then it's been kind of a trickle since then. What's really the cause of that? I mean, is it that you just -- the lack of kind of macro confidence to put a lot of money to work here, or do you see some substantial deal out there that's kind of keeping you wanting to be more liquid? I mean, help us kind of understand that -- pretty stark.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, so Scott, the first thing I would say is even excluding 2007, over the last 3 fiscal years, we've returned $1.3 billion in cash to shareowners either through dividends or share repurchase. And basically, our plan this year is to exhaust our free cash flow, at least that's what we're expecting at the moment to be free cash flow, over the course of this year, and that is the expectation. We talked about us spending $400 million this year after acquisition spending and after dividends. We spent almost 1/4 of that in the first quarter. So we believe we're on pace for what we were expecting to do in terms of repurchases this year.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, again, and except just to play devil's advocate, I mean, you're holding almost no net debt, and you've got almost $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. I mean, that's a pretty big number. If you go back in history and look, that's a much larger kind of number than the history, and again, if there's some macro uncertainty, I completely understand it, but otherwise -- I guess, I'll move on. We can take this afterwards. I want to go back to Steve's question in China. And talk us through what kind of projects and the volatility there. I mean, my understanding just in talking to your competitors is that China was more flattish for them in the quarter. You, down 13, is probably going to be an outlier for your broader comp group. I mean, what specifically happened to Rockwell that caused that growth rate to modulate down so fast in the quarter [ph]?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, let me -- first, about the flat comment, our orders were flat. So we don't see it as a disconnect from what we had expected in that regard with orders continuing to perform. What happened is -- it's pretty simple. It's the aspect of a solutions business where it's very lumpy, and we have orders and sales that certainly are more volatile than our products businesses and the timing, and in this case, the timing drove a significant shipment in our fourth quarter. That created the hole in our backlog. We had a weak second half orders rate in fiscal '12, and that in combination -- weaker, I should say, a weaker order rate in the second half and that, plus the shipments in the fourth quarter, created the gap in shippable product. And then during the quarter, we had some project delays, and those are typical in a solutions business, and I think it was just a combination of those multiple aspects that created a more severe outcome this quarter in China.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Scott, this is Rondi, and I just want to mention that back in that 2006, 2007 time frame, we sold the power systems business, and that generated net cash flows of over $1 billion. And so when you look at share repurchase from that period of time, that's really an aberration. I think what you're seeing now is very consistent with our cash deployment philosophy that we've been talking about now for years.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, just one quick comment. I just look at -- if you're holding $1 billion in cash and you got $1 billion in receivables, I mean, you essentially have kind of $2 billion of cash to the entity, if you will. I mean, that's just a big number. So I'll pass it on, but that' just my...
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, Scott, that's a fair observation. I think one of the things we've talked about on previous calls is we've got over $1 billion in cash, but 90% of that sits outside the U.S., and we can't easily access that without absorbing a significant tax penalty, which we've been reluctant to do.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, no, I totally get it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I wondered if you could give any color on sort of different end markets in terms of how customer activity is differing in automotive versus food and beverage, that sort of color.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Absolutely, Julian. Certainly, for us, the 2 strongest end-market verticals for us were automotive and oil and gas, and that would be pretty consistent on a global basis. And if you -- auto outside of EMEA has been strong with continued CapEx investment, and we also are able to now work in another application and will be enabled to participate in more of the powertrain applications in that industry. Oil and gas has been good for a period of time here now and certainly, that was one of the stronger markets for us this past quarter. Consumer in food and beverage, in there, the food is the stronger. Beverage is starting to slow down some, particularly in the mature markets. Most of the CPG consumer investments are being made today more in the emerging markets. Our life sciences business had strength both in EMEA and in Asia Pacific. Tire is getting a little weaker now. They had very strong investments for a couple of years, and I think we're starting to move to a lower investment rate in total, but still good levels of investment. And I would say, today, the weakest markets in total, specific geographies, driven a lot by the reduction in demand from China. So I think that's impacting the mining business in Australia and in certain segments in Latin America as well, although mining in Canada continues to be solid, and then you also know of the labor unrest in South Africa, and that's creating additional, I'll say, impacts on the mining industry.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just secondly, your gross margin was down about 130 -- 120 bps year-on-year even though revenues were up slightly. Was there anything going on, particular input costs or price or any special mix effect, that will normalize?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think, Julian, the only unusual thing is that gross margin is a full GAAP number. So it's got all of the pension cost increase, both operating and non-operating, that we're absorbing year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Inch from Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could we focus in on automotive? It's one of your strongest verticals in legacy. It's one of your most profitable verticals. You have clearly significant model introduction ramps coming in North America. Before we were talking about CapEx, spend improvement should be very helpful to you, GM and so forth. Where are we at with respect to the historical contribution of auto as a vertical? And maybe, Keith, you could give us your perspective around the runway and how you actually see that evolving by, say, geography because, obviously, in prior cycles, China wasn't significant in automotive, and now you're making inroads there. So maybe a little more color there would be helpful.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, you're absolutely right about the legacy strength of automotive in Rockwell Automation. We've talked -- at the depths of the decline, automotive was under -- was in the high single digits. I would say, today, we have -- in -- over the last 2 years, automotive has probably picked up a little bit to where the combination of auto and tire is probably around 15% of our revenue now. Auto is probably a little over 10% to 12%. A lot of that has been because of the growth of the automotive industry outside of the U.S. I mean, the U.S. is back, and it's very important to us, but where the incremental has been from a historical perspective has been the investments, really, in the emerging markets of which China would be #1. And we are continuing to increase our penetration of both the joint venture companies in China, which is the only way a multinational can participate in the automotive market, and in the domestic, the major domestic suppliers. So China has been a great opportunity for us. That would be followed by India, Brazil and Eastern Europe. The only other part that I would -- that I'd link a little bit to the U.S. automotive is Mexico has been a very strong automotive market, and it continues to grow both with North American manufacturers, as well as international companies as well. So Mexico has been an improvement. And then what I mentioned earlier about our ability to address more applications. We now are able to address the powertrain side of the business, and historically, we were mainly in the body and assembly side. And so powertrain -- so we can address -- and paint, so we can address paint, body-in-white assembly, as well as stamping, and now with powertrain, there are no applications that we can't go after in automotive. In addition, we've expanded our information capabilities in MES in the automotive space, and that has been a help for us also in the emerging markets as they try to be a very efficient producer of cars and -- with high quality. So I would say it's really been the emerging market, the expansion of our portfolio that -- and the resurgence of North American manufacturing that has driven our participation in the space to a higher level of our total sales over the last 2 to 3 years.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then in terms of follow-up, could we -- just curious if we could talk a little bit about this China acquisition that you did. I don't believe you've done a China acquisition in the past. Caterpillar, which I realize has nothing to do with your company, just took a massive write-down for a China deal. How have you gotten around -- I mean, you're a pretty cautious guy, how have you gotten around the risks associated with doing that sort of a thing? And is this some sort of an inflection toward your own, I guess, increasing comfort level in China and operating as a player, say, comparable with some of the other big automation players, Mitsubishi and Siemens? I mean, just a little bit, I think -- I just think it's really interesting. What else can you tell us about it?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, first, it is our second acquisition in China. We acquired an engineering company there for our solutions business, called Hengsheng, and we did that a couple of years back. And that was really to get us domain expertise to have a bigger critical mass of engineers to be able to support our growing solutions business there. So that was more of, I'll say, a people investment, and that has been very successful for us. The second one that we made was basically JCE, which was a medium voltage manufacturer, a medium voltage drives manufacturer. And what gave us a little more confidence here, John, to your question, is the fact that we had worked with them for a number of years previously. They were a contract manufacturer for our medium voltage drive in China, and they had some technology that allowed was -- that allowed us to address a different market segment -- I shouldn't say different market, different applications with a different price point because it was different technology. And it gave us a broader coverage of the medium voltage market, and that's very important because of the energy savings opportunities that, that brings. So I would say the previous working relationship gave us confidence in the people, gave us confidence in their capabilities and certainly was a part of the reason why we made the acquisition. I would say in China, in general, we continue to believe -- well, obviously, it's a very important market, and we continue to look for ongoing acquisitions in China. They are difficult, as you outlined in your comments about Caterpillar, and certainly, we are cautious. We're cautious because of the intellectual property. We're cautious because of the business practices and -- but yet, they're going to continue to grow solid, good companies, and we believe that we want to keep monitoring what's going on in China, and we are willing to make acquisitions there, given the right conditions and situation. But obviously, due diligence is quite important, and we have not proceeded on a number of our acquisition inquiries because of those types of concerns.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Winoker from Sanford and Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Keith, you've often talked about and described Rockwell as not a margin expansion story, but I'd like to just dive into margin a little bit more even on this quarter just to make sure I understand it better in terms of the decrementals. Could you maybe first just talk about the regional mix impact on margin given the very different regional profiles?
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't think there was any -- there was not a significant mix impact in the quarter either based on regional performance or the mix of product versus solutions.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Second then, discretionary spend, and you talked about annualized spending going up year-on-year comp or, I assume, R&D. Maybe just -- and then pricing as well. Just give us a flavor for -- I understand the last year was exceptionally high and that this is the run rate. But try, and if you could, just break it down a little bit into some of those components other than pension that help us get a sense for the profile going forward.
Theodore D. Crandall: Sure, and maybe this will help. One of the reasons Q1 last year was a relatively higher-margin quarter within the context of last year was our spending ramped from Q1 across Q2, 3 and 4 last year. So if you look at the exit rate of spending, we were probably up about 3%, maybe 3.5% from Q1 to Q4, and that carried into our Q1 this year. So with a 1.5% organic sales increase, we've got more like a 3.5% to 4% expense increase, spending increase, if you will, and that includes investments we have made in R&D, in domain expertise, in commercial-facing resources, and included in that also is just normal compensation increases year-over-year, as well as the $5 million increase in operating pension cost we're absorbing.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, all right. So from your perspective, this wasn't a sort of intra-quarter, it was just you held your cost structure sequentially, and while you're satisfied, it sounds like, with the growth, and better than the Street on growth, that wasn't enough to where you wanted to be, and therefore, your seasonal plan, if I'm correct, is more -- was always weighted later in the year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, yes, we guided to 18.7% for full year and we're 18.5% in the first quarter. So it's not like we're well below.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Douglass from Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Keith, can you talk about the strength in the U.S.? We've heard from some others that there may have been, in some of our channel checks, may have been some pull-forward with companies trying to take advantage of the bonus depreciation, which they weren't sure if it was going to come back or get extended, turned out it was. But was there a little bit of that in the U.S.? And just talk about the strength here in the U.S. and going forward as well.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, as Ted had mentioned, we did see a continual uptick in business throughout the quarter. And every year, there's probably some, whatever you want to call it, budget flushing or pull-ahead that occurs. I think we saw a normal case of that this year, and we did not see anything that I would say was meaningful with respect to taxes or fiscal cliff. Some of our distributors did see a little more sales towards the end of the year. Some of that could be attributed to how you characterized it, but overall, we do not believe there was any meaningful change in what I'll say typical order patterns that we would see towards the -- throughout December and towards the end of December. The strength in the U.S. really comes from automotive and oil and gas. I think those have been the 2 major areas that we've seen. Then, in addition to that, we had a pretty good growth in -- our solutions business grew in the U.S. year-over-year, so that was a positive, and we've had a good Logix sales in the U.S. And I think that was a combination of the solutions growth, and in particular, some of the oil and gas and automotive expenditures that were taking place. So I think that gives a little bit of flavor to it.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, finally, what are the machine builders in Europe saying about expectations going forward? Not just in Europe, but, obviously, they do a lot of exporting, and they expect -- with a China ramp, are they expecting a better second half in '13 as well, exporting to China?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I'm not sure if they're expecting a better exporting to China. Their exporting has been -- the strength of European exports the last couple of quarters has been the U.S. and Latin America as opposed to China. I think what we're hearing from our European OEMs are they're expecting 2013 to be flat compared to 2012. And I think Italy is still struggling a little, and I think Germany will be the better performer as the year progresses. Their backlogs are probably back to normal. I think they bled off some of their backlogs over the last couple of quarters, and there's a more typical pattern in that at this point in time. And I would say at this point, the only thing we're hearing with respect to weaknesses would be some of the beverage OEMs and to a smaller degree, some packaging, but in general, still a positive outlook for fiscal year '13.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Well, I guess, I understood China was already weak, but are they expecting it to get better as well, like in your forecast?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think the OEMs would say that they do expect to see some pickup as the year progresses, and that would be more towards the end of the calendar year and late our fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On the Process growth, so negative this quarter. If I recall from the guidance last quarter, Keith, you talked about Process growth moderating closer to the company average in '13. Is that still intact, so that would imply kind of better growth through the rest of the year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Absolutely right on both comments. We do expect it to be about the company average, and that would require a pickup for us. We expect that based upon some of the backlog build in our solutions business and also some of the continued growth of our products, both the Logix platform, as well as our process safety portfolio. So better second half in Process company average in total for the year.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I assume that incorporates a lift in China as well from what you saw in December?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, absolutely, and matter of fact, in both China and Asia in general, we expect to see that increase.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up is on U.S. So on Mark's question, talking about the growth here in the December quarter, it was pretty solid against a comparison that I wouldn't call easy. The U.S. comparisons get a bit easier. I think the guidance had assumed a low-single-digit-type growth for the U.S. market for '13. You did 6% this quarter. Should we think of this as that being potentially a conservative outlook, now what are the kind of the potholes that you could see in the U.S. right now?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think one of the things we said the last time was that we expect the U.S. to moderate as the year progresses. I think we still feel that, that will be the case. And so, overall, it'll be basically at the company average for the full year. So we do see less than 6% growth, going forward, over the next 3 quarters.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you talk about what Process orders actually did in the quarter overall?
Theodore D. Crandall: Process orders overall were flat on a year-over-year basis.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And so I guess in terms of the pickup from here, is there, I guess, activity beyond that? You're expecting an order pickup in 2Q, or how do you see it playing out?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. We do see order pickup throughout the year in our Process/solutions businesses.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess, I just mean if it's flat in the quarter, you have visibility into, I guess, activity levels that are not necessarily yet showing up in order levels, right?
Keith D. Nosbusch: That's correct. We believe the activity supports the growth, both the commentary from customers, as well as the commentary from our sales and channel organizations led us to expect a pickup during the year, and it's part of the reasons we talk about the second half being stronger than the first half. We expect second quarter orders to be better in our solutions business, and so the combination of first and second quarter should enable us to see that sales pickup in the second half of our year.
Theodore D. Crandall: And Shannon, just to put it in context, it's flat in Q1, and we're talking about company average 3% growth, organic growth, for the full year.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of incremental margins going forward across sort of the remaining quarters of the year, I mean, I know you talked about the second half margins being higher, but any thoughts about where we kind of shake out in terms of ranges on incrementals for the remaining quarters of the year, any timing things or other?
Theodore D. Crandall: I will be honest, I'm trying to think quickly about a sequential incremental margin expectation. I mean, I think, year-over-year, we still have the same incremental margin expectation we talked about in November, which was kind of low 20%. Obviously, we didn't get a great start on that in Q1, but on the other hand, it was a very minor top line change. So we do expect higher absolute margins in Q3, Q4. And primarily based on better volume.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And I mean, last year kind of took a big -- kind of an unusual big sequential step down. I know you had just some timing things last year. I mean, do you have any view on sequential margins coming off 1Q this year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think the 2 things that -- we don't do quarterly guidance, but the 2 things I'm comfortable talking about because they're pretty normal each year. One is in January, we do our merit increases for employees pretty much globally. So there is a probably about a $16 million increase in spending related to merit increase from Q1 to Q2. And then secondly, we expect better solutions growth, so we're going to have a little bit less favorable mix in Q2 than Q1. Hopefully, we're going to have some better volume too.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just a couple of things. Keith, could you just address, given how we started in APAC, and in particular in China, how does the growth for the year out of that region or country match up against your '13 guidance for core growth?
Keith D. Nosbusch: China, we would expect -- well, Asia Pacific, we would expect to be at the company -- at the flat to at the company average, somewhere in between there in that range, over our range and for all of Asia Pacific. For China, in particular, if that was part of your question, we expect that to be about equal to what last year's growth was in China, which was around 5%.
Theodore D. Crandall: And Rick, I would say compared to our expectations in November, we now expect Asia to be a little bit lower than we were thinking in November, and we expect probably, Latin America, EMEA, U.S. to be a little bit better.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So pretty much all the geographies kind of fall within that 1% to 5% consolidated number. There's nothing above it?
Theodore D. Crandall: No, I will say Latin -- our expectation is Latin America will be above that.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then just as a follow-up, we did talk about booking sequentially being better on the solutions side. Is the margin in that backlog and on those bookings, is it consistent with a 25% incremental margin year-over-year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I would say the margin on those bookings is normal solutions margins and generally consistent with our expectation of kind of low-20s conversion incremental margin year-over-year.
Operator: That question will come from the line of Nigel Cole from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I know we've covered a lot of ground with these orders and backlog. But if we go back to last year, I think the book-to-bill was about 1.3. So question is, were the orders year-over-year down? And therefore, is there a risk that as we go into 2Q, we could see a flatten out of sales and maybe even an exit number within CP&S?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, Nigel, I think, to your point, you're right. Last Q1 was a 1.3 book-to-bill. I think the real difference for us this year was in Q4 of '11, we had a pretty good book-to-bill despite having very high solution shipments, and that was with the opposite effect in Q4 of '12. So the hole we created was really in Q4. It's not so much about the book-to-bill in Q1 this year versus Q1 last year.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but do you think there's a risk that we could go down from 2% a little bit lower from here before we start to see that inflection upwards?
Theodore D. Crandall: You're saying in terms of organic growth?
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean, look, even though we don't have great visibility, I would say we're pretty confident in our expectations of solutions and services sales for Q2, and we don't think we're going to see any significant change in our product business trends right now, but there's always a potential range of performance in any one quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Right now, we are expecting second quarter to have similar year-over-year growth, but at the moment, to Ted's point, higher dollar -- higher sales for the quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I mean, we have to get pretty reasonable sequential growth to get to a similar year-over-year growth.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Absolutely, absolutely. No, that's helpful. And then, Ted, you called out the impact of the higher share price on the share count. Is there any impact, though [ph], in the P&L? We have seen some swings with exec [ph] comp growth, last year for example, as the share price fell. So given that you -- I think you planned for the year back in October. Has the higher share price had an impact on some of the -- your margin assumptions for the second half of the year?
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't believe there will be any significant impact because our equity grants all occurred in the first quarter and were valued at the prevailing price at that time, which wasn't that far off our expectations when we did the plan.
Operator: We'll now turn the call back over to Ms. Rohr-Dralle for your closing remarks.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great, thanks. I think all we want to say is thanks for joining us for today's call. I'm obviously available for all the follow-up calls, and have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you, all, for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thank you, DeLou. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year and some commentary on our outlook. Then Ted will review the results for the quarter and our guidance for fiscal 2013. He will also spend some time today going through the components of pension expense, our new definition of segment operating earnings and our new non-GAAP measure of adjusted earnings per share. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. Our results today were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. In addition, our supplemental financial data document is available on our website, and it includes reconciliations to our new non-GAAP EPS and segment earnings by quarter for 2008 through 2012. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. We appreciate you starting your week with us today. We've got a lot to cover, so the call may go a little bit longer than an hour. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying to anyone affected by last week's hurricane and its aftermath that I appreciate your efforts to join our call today. I hope you were able to stay out of harm's way. I'll start with highlights for the quarter and the full year, so please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. I was pleased with 5% organic growth, especially given the tough comparison to last year's very strong fourth quarter. Growth rates continued to moderate due to the difficult economic environment, but once again, we had organic growth in all regions. Emerging markets grew 11% in the quarter with particular strength in Central and Eastern Europe and Africa. Most of the growth this quarter came from our solutions businesses as our product businesses were essentially flat compared to last year. Process had another great quarter with 18% growth. In the quarter, we initiated restructuring actions with corresponding charges of about $13 million. We're calling this out because the charges are considerably higher than a normal run rate for pay-as-you-go actions. These restructuring actions provide us with some headroom to rebalance investments in 2013. Earnings per share were $1.38, about $0.01 lower than last year. Restructuring charges reduced EPS by about $0.07. Cash flow in the quarter was strong, and we repurchased another 1.4 million shares. So overall, a good end to a very solid year. I'll make a few comments on the full year before I move to our outlook. We entered 2012 in the midst of global economic uncertainty, and that is still the prevailing environment. The prospects of a fiscal cliff in the U.S., the ongoing sovereign debt crisis in Europe and the slowdown in key emerging markets all weighed on economic growth this year. Despite that, we delivered organic growth of 6% for the full year and ended the year with record sales of up over $6.2 billion. Canada had very strong growth of 20%, reflecting continued strength in the resource-based industries. Mexico also grew 20%, and industrial activity there remained strong. But our European region was the real standout with 6% organic growth in the face of a recession. I was encouraged that we grew in both developed and emerging EMEA, and I want to our acknowledge the EMEA leadership team who executed very well within difficult market conditions. It's not on the chart, but Process sales grew 20% for the full year, and we continue to win both batch and continuous process applications. I was pleased that we were able to expand segment operating margin a full point while continuing to invest for growth. Continued strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet enabled us to increase the dividend for the third consecutive year and repurchase 3.7 million shares. We're proud of our track record of returning cash to share owners. We delivered solid results in a challenging environment this year. I want to thank our employees for their dedication in making this year possible and our customers, suppliers and partners for their continued support throughout the year. So let me give you our thoughts about fiscal 2013. Growth rates moderated considerably as we moved through fiscal '12, and our current underlying demand trends are pretty flat. We saw an increase in project delays in Q4 and ended the year with a lower solutions backlog than a year ago. So there's not a lot of positive momentum as we enter the new year. Each region has its own story, but the global economic recovery seems to have run out of steam at the moment. We continue to believe this is a pause in the recovery and not an inflection point, which is consistent with what we are hearing from our sales organization, our channel partners and customers. The forecast that we monitor for GDP and industrial production call for growth next year. But consistent with those forecasts and given current conditions and our lower backlog, we don't expect to see much growth until the second half of 2013. It's possible that the current global economic sluggishness is creating some pent-up demand for manufacturing investment. If that is true, a couple of positive macroeconomic signals could give customers confidence to accelerate their spending. We're counting on market conditions improving early enough to have a positive impact on the second half of our fiscal 2013. We're excited about and counting on new products to help us grow next year, even in sluggish market conditions. From a regional perspective, we expect the U.S. to stay on a low growth track, and we don't think Europe gets any worse. Asia Pacific and Latin America should have higher growth rates next year, driven primarily by improvements in China and Brazil. With all of that said, we expect total sales growth of 2% to 6% next year. Ted will provide more detail around sales and earnings guidance in his remarks. Although we can't control the economy, we know how to remain flexible and adjust to the underlying economic environment as appropriate. In the end, with our great technology, talented and dedicated employees, loyal partners, robust installed base and share gain opportunities, we're well positioned to continue to outperform the market. Before I wrap up, I want to assure you that Automation affair -- Automation Fair events this week will continue as planned. Downtown Philadelphia, the convention center and hotels sustained minimal or no damage. We feel extremely fortunate that Automation Fair, its supporting events and our investor conference will proceed as scheduled. But the people in businesses affected by Hurricane Sandy do remain in our thoughts. For those of you who haven't been to an Automation Fair, we expect to host thousands of customers and partners from all over the world. It is a great opportunity for us to showcase our capabilities, provide technical training and facilitate best practice sharing among our customers. At the investor conference on Thursday, you'll hear from John McDermott, the leader of our global sales and marketing team, and from one of our major global customers. Then we will take you on a hosted tour of the show floor. After lunch, we will hold a webcast where you will learn more about our strategy and progress from me and Ted. Frank Kulaszewicz, the Head of our Architecture & Software segment, and Blake Moret, the Head of our Control Products & Solutions segment, will provide a deeper dive into 2 of our best growth opportunities, process and OEMs. We are really pleased that so many of you are taking advantage of this opportunity to learn more about us, and we look forward to seeing you there. So with that, I will turn it over to Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2013. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everybody. A lot to cover this morning, and I'll start with the fourth quarter results summary on Page 5. Sales in the quarter were $1,664,000,000. That's an increase of 1% compared to Q4 last year. Organic sales growth was 5%, and the year-over-year impact of currency translation reduced sales in the quarter by approximately 4 points. Segment operating earnings were $295 million, down 1% compared to last year. As Keith mentioned, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately $13 million in the quarter. General corporate net expense was $20.6 million compared to $22.2 million a year ago. The effect of tax rate in the quarter was 23.4%. That's 2.2 points higher than fourth quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.38, down $0.01 compared to Q4 last year. The restructuring charges reduced earnings per share by about $0.07 cents. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 141.5 million. In Q4, we repurchased 1.4 million shares at a cost of approximately $96 million. For the full year, we repurchased a total of 3.7 million shares at a cost of $265 million. On the earnings call in July, we projected to repurchase about 3 million shares for the full year, so we were more aggressive than that in the quarter. Turning to Page 6. Fourth quarter results were up for automation total. On the left side of this slide, you can see that sales increased only slightly from last year. That's the currency effect offsetting the 5% organic growth. You might remember that Q4 fiscal '11 was a particularly strong quarter, especially in our solutions and services businesses, and sales in the fourth quarter this year were up 7% sequentially. Moving to earnings on the right side of the chart. Segment operating margin in Q4 was 17.7%, down a bit from 18% in Q4 last year. Lots of puts and takes on margin in the quarter, but the $13 million in restructuring charges reduced operating margin by about 80 basis points. So margin would have been about 18.5% without those charges, and I think that would've been pretty much as expected. Although it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 30.3%, about the same as last quarter. Moving on to Page 7. This slide displays the Q4 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Architecture & Software sales were $671 million in the quarter, down about 2% year-over-year. Organic growth of 3% was more than offset by a currency translation impact that reduced sales by 5 points. Sequentially, Architecture & Software sales increased 1%. Operating margin for the quarter was 24.8%, down 1.2 points from Q4 last year. About 1/2 of the restructuring charges were incurred in this segment. Excluding those charges, margins were down about 20 basis points compared to last year. The next slide, Page 8, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Control Products & Solutions sales in Q4 were $993 million. That's up 2% from a year ago. Currency translation reduced sales by 4 points, so organic growth was 6%. Sales in the product portion of CP&S in Q4 were down a little year-over-year, but sales for the solutions and service businesses were up 12%, a pretty strong performance, and as I mentioned earlier, against the difficult year-ago comparison for the solutions and services businesses. However, orders for solutions and services were weak in the quarter. The book-to-bill was only 0.8. It's typical for the solutions and services book-to-bill to be below one in our fourth quarter, but 0.8 is lower than normal. As Keith mentioned, we saw an increasing number of projects being delayed in Q4, particularly larger projects, and that was pretty much the case in all regions. Our backlog in the solutions and services businesses is down approximately 7% compared to this time last year. Moving to the right side of the slide. Segment operating earnings increased 7% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded by 0.6 to 13%. Control Products & Solutions also incurred about 1/2 of the restructuring charges, which reduced margins in the quarter by about 0.6 points. That offset some of the benefit of higher volume. Page 9 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column that displays the year-over-year growth excluding currency effects. As we discussed on the last earnings call, growth rates have clearly moderated from earlier in the year. Despite that, as Keith mentioned, we realized organic growth in every region in Q4. Canada has been consistently strong this year with 18% organic growth this quarter. EMEA organic growth was 7%, better than we expected coming into the quarter. We're continuing to benefit from our success with OEM customers and saw particularly strong growth in the emerging countries in this region. Asia Pacific was up only 2% compared to fourth quarter last year. There was very mixed performance across the countries in the region. China was up 11% year-over-year. India was about flat to Q4 last year, and Australia was down significantly. Latin America was up 8% compared to Q4 last year, and that was with Brazil down about 4%. There was continued strong growth in the balance of the Latin American region and, particularly, in Mexico. I'll turn now to Page 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $347 million. The conversion on net income was 178%. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $598 million. That represents conversion on net income of 81%. And if you exclude the discretionary pension contribution that we made in the first quarter, conversion for the full year would've been 105%. So that's the fourth quarter. I'll turn now to Page 11 for a summary of the full year results for fiscal '12. Sales reached $6,259,000,000 for the full year, up 4%. Organic growth was 6%. Currency translation reduced sales by about 3 points, and acquisitions added a little less than 1 point. Segment operating margin for the full year was 18.1%, up 1 full point from last year. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $5.13, up 7% compared to last year, and I think Keith already mentioned that this represents another year of record sales and EPS for the company. Since we already covered cash flow, I'll move to Slide 12, which describes the new approach we're taking to the way we deal with pension expense and some of our earnings measures. Significant declines in interest rates over the past several years have caused an extraordinary increase in our pension expense. We consider a large portion of that pension expense increase to be unrelated to our underlying operating performance. Because of this, beginning in fiscal '13, we've decided to introduce new non-GAAP measures that exclude nonoperating pension cost from our income from continuing operations and corresponding EPS, and we are also changing our definition of segment operating earnings to exclude the nonoperating pension class. As shown on the right side of the slide, we're defining nonoperating pension costs to include defined benefit plan interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains and losses and the impacts of any planned curtailments or settlements. We consider service costs related to active employees to be operating pension costs. We believe that the nonoperating components of pension costs are more related to financial market factors and that excluding them presents an earnings picture more reflective of our underlying operating performance and also allows for more relevant historical comparisons. Let's turn to Slide 13. This next slide provides a sense of the extent to which the nonoperating pension costs have impacted our results over time and why we think it's important to provide better visibility of that impact. The 3 columns to the left display the operating and nonoperating components of pension expense for fiscal 2008 and 2012, along with our projection of pension expense for fiscal 2013. The far right column, which is labeled 2013 better than, worse than 2008, shows the difference in the components of pension expense between those 2 years. In the 5-year period, total GAAP pension expense increased by $140 million. You can see that total at the bottom of the column. That total GAAP pension expense increase represents more than a 2-point negative impact on operating margins in 2013 compared to 2008. The nonoperating component of that pension expense increase is $104 million or almost 75% of the increase. We think it's important for investors to understand the impact of the nonoperating pension expense. The second column from the right side of the slide shows the difference between the components of pension expense for 2012 compared to 2013. For 2013, we're projecting a $64 million increase in the total GAAP pension expense. The nonoperating portion of that increase is $44 million or about 70% of the increase. It's important to note that even with this change, there's still a $20 million increase in the operating pension cost in 2013. The operating pension cost will continue to be included in our segment operating earnings. The next slide, Slide 14, provides a walk from our fiscal 2012 GAAP results to the new non-GAAP measures so that we can provide investors with a consistent comparison against our fiscal '13 guidance. Focusing on the middle column, which displays the adjustments, I'll start with segment operating earnings, which would have been $32.5 million higher in fiscal '12 under the new definition of segment operating earnings. General corporate net expense would've been $2.7 million lower, so total income before taxes would've been $35.2 million higher. After tax, that yields an earnings per share add back of $0.16. So adjusted earnings per share for fiscal '12 would've been $5.29 compared to $5.13 as reported. Segment operating margin increases by 0.5 point under the new definition of segment operating earnings to 18.6%, and the effective tax rate also increases by about 40 basis points. As Rondi mentioned at the beginning of the call, reconciliations of earnings per share and segment operating earnings annually and by quarter back to 2008 are available in the supplemental data book that's posted to our external website. So now let me turn to Slide 15, and we can discuss guidance for fiscal year '13. Regarding the top line, Keith provided a good deal of color on our views of the economic and market environment we're expecting in 2013. I'll repeat just a couple of key points: growth rates moderated throughout fiscal '12, our current underlying demand trends are pretty flat and there's not much positive momentum as we enter the new year. The global economic recovery seems to have run out of steam, but we still think this is a pause, not an inflection point. We expect to see improved market conditions in 2013, but we don't expect to see any significant improvement until the latter part of the year. Given that context, we expect fiscal 2013 sales to be in the range of $6.35 billion to $6.65 billion. That's 1% to 5% organic growth. We expect currency and acquisitions to each add about 0.5 point of growth. So that's the makeup of the 2% to 6% growth that Keith highlighted. We expect segment operating margin to be about 18.7%. That compares to the restated fiscal '12 segment operating margin of 18.6%. Think of the 18.7% as the midpoint of guidance, so maybe a little bit higher or lower across the sales range. Not a significant margin improvement year-over-year, but at the midpoint, we're at a relatively modest 3% organic growth. And even with our new definition of segment operating earnings, we're absorbing a $20 million increase in pension expense. As Keith noted, our guidance for adjusted EPS is $5.35 to $5.75, and that compares to EPS of $5.29 for fiscal '12 on an adjusted basis. We expect free cash flow conversion on adjusted net income of about 100% in fiscal '13. And then maybe a couple of other items that aren't shown here: we expect general corporate net expense to be approximately $83 million, about equal to fiscal '12; we expect an effective tax rate in fiscal '13 of about 26%; and we expect the average share count next year to be between 139 million and 140 million shares. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rondi, and we can begin the Q&A session
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] So, operator, why don't we go ahead and take our first question.
Operator: And it's from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know visibility isn't all that great. But when you think about 2013 guidance, I mean, how did -- what are your customers telling you as far as kind of the mix between CapEx-related, project-related things and the regular daily flow of products that are more driven by capacity utilization? Is there -- are you thinking in terms of CapEx being flattish next year or actually down?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, it's a little early to get a read on the CapEx because most people are calendar year, and we really hear that more in our second quarter. But I would say from -- anecdotally, at least, from the commentary we're hearing, we don't expect that it will be an increase from where we're currently seeing it. And the question will be, I think, how do some of these other factors play out over the next couple of months, particularly the fiscal cliff and elections in the U.S. and the debt and the euro crisis potential that remains in Europe. So I think those are the factors that we need to get some, I'll just say, better clarity and certainty around to be able to understand what is going on. Also, some of our customers, at this point, I think, are taking a little bit of a wait-and-see attitude. But I think that's more around, I'll just say, the OpEx type of projects than the larger capital investments that typically require higher level of approvals.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And just as a follow-up, just wanted to talk about cash reinvestment. Not really much in -- I mean, you bought 3.7 million shares. It's respectable, but you're still sitting on a fair amount of cash and have balance sheet space. Can you just talk us through what the plans are in the next 12 months?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. Sure, Scott. First, I think we're pretty pleased with our track record of returning cash to share owners. And over the past 3 years, we've returned about $1.3 billion in dividend and share repurchase and, at the same time, made some pretty sizable contributions to the U.S. pension trust. We've increased the dividend by over 60% in the last 3 years, so we're reasonably pleased with that track record. We had that large pension contribution this year, which held down our repurchases a bit. But next year, we would expect repurchases to be in the range of $400 million, so significantly higher than the $265 million we spent this year. And depending on share pricing or if we're in a range that's close to where we have been recently, that ought to be in the range of 5 million to 5.5 million shares.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: We're obviously in this kind of a follow-your-nose type of environment. It's a -- there's not a ton of visibility. I know you guys don't like to give quarterly guidance. But I guess, just kind of looking at the better sales this quarter, the backlog and the weak book-to-bill at solutions, there's a lot of kind of things that are moving around, some positive and some negative. Last year, you guys had a pretty tough 4Q to 1Q, where you were down, I guess, around 10% sequentially, given some project timing headwinds. I mean, is that the same type of sequential decline we should expect heading into the first quarter here? And again, it's kind of an unusual environment because you said it's going to ramp in the back half. So I'm just -- I want to make sure that I'm kind of calibrated on the model when it comes to this stuff.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I think that's a fair characterization. It's a similar situation we found ourselves in last year. We need to rebuild our solutions backlog. That's going to take some period of time. And certainly, we, typically, historically see, even independent of the backlog, a reduction in our Q4. We typically see a softer Q1 in our solutions business already. So I think those -- that combination of traditional reduction, plus the accelerated amount of backlog that we burned off and the weaker orders portend a softer first half of the year in our solutions business.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And so that down 11 sequentially would be kind of flattish organically year-over-year. Ted, is that right?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I would expect. If you think about the 3% growth for the full year organically, I would expect the first half to be flat to up a little bit maybe and then better growth in the second half.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one follow-up on that, I guess you're talking about a pause. You're talking about kind of a little bit more confidence that things are -- will maybe come back. And can you maybe talk about the run rate of conversations or, I guess, you talk about a front log or RFPs, RFQs, things like that, has that softened dramatically, call it, relative to 6 months ago? I mean, how is the kind of pool of addressable business, outside of the obviously ongoing MRO stuff, but the pool of addressable targets trended over the last 6 months? And how -- if it's gotten weaker, how much weaker has it gotten?
Keith D. Nosbusch: We have not seen any real change in the front log or the, I'll just say, quoting activities over the last 6 months. It's been pretty flat, so we haven't seen it going up. But we haven't seen much of a change in that dimension of activity. Where the real change has been in the last 6 months has been in Q3. We talked about project delays, and the majority of that was in the front log areas. And then in Q4, that picked up even a little more. So I would say the activity remains constant, or relatively constant. But the decision making is taking longer to close orders than it had in the first half of our fiscal '12. So I would say that's where the change has occurred as opposed to, I'll just say, engineering fee projects and quotations. And I think I'd characterize it that way.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And is that similar to the kind of the infamous air pocket comment that you guys made, I guess, in '04, '05, remember that point? I mean, how different does it feel relative to that or maybe the same? And then that's my last question.
Keith D. Nosbusch: You have a good memory. That goes quite a bit back. But I just think every period is unique in its own way, and I think to characterizes it back to that point in time, I believe the -- over the economic environment is very different today. So I think it's more just a -- the uncertainty is creating less than confidence in the -- in their outlook, and therefore, they're just delaying decisions and waiting to see how a few things unfold before they make commitments. And it's just -- we're just in a period that, that has to play out, and ultimately, it'll go one way or the other. But at this point, we're just seeing the uncertainty as the -- is the overriding, I'll just say, behavior.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Julian Mitchell from Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first question was really on the color by end markets. What are you seeing in things like automotive versus broader consumer versus, I guess, heavy industry? How has that changed in the past couple of months? And which industries are you seeing the biggest shifts in projects, in terms of sign-off delays and so forth?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I guess a couple of things. Where we see the strongest activities continues to be in automotive and oil and gas, and that would be pretty much on a global basis. If you look at heavy industries and you take oil and gas out of there, I would say, currently, where we're seeing the greatest slowdown in buying at this point would be mining, is probably the toughest area at this point in time. Some of that is driven by labor situations, such as you have in South Africa. Some of it is demand from China and India impacting Australia, and some of it is just the environmental issues associated with some of the large new mines, particularly in Latin America. So it's probably created a slowing of investments, and I think that's the area that we see it the most. With respect to consumer, I think we still see -- consumer isn't one that has high peaks and high -- and low valleys, so I think it's stayed pretty well flat. But there's no question that the global investment in consumer products is more in -- is being slanted more to the emerging markets than it is to, I'll just say, the U.S. and Western Europe.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up just on the segment margin guidance of a slight increase in fiscal '13. Yes, you talked about what the operating pension cost effect is, and there's some volume leverage in that as well. But how about sort 2 or 3 other things, in particular, mix or the delta of savings versus restructuring charges and kind of input cost versus price, how are you assuming those move around inside that margin guidance?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So let me start and, hopefully, I'll hit all the points you just made. We would expect a small favorable impact from mix because across -- if you think about our guidance range, I'd say across -- of sales growth, across that range, we would expect product growth to be maybe 1 point higher than the company average and solutions and services to be about 1 point lower, so a little bit of favorable mix impact. On price, material cost, I would say we expect a small positive contribution. We'd expect price to be less than 1 point, similar to what we're seeing in 2012. And I would say we expect some modest material cost increases, purely on the commodity side, if anything, neutral to maybe slightly favorable. We talked about, obviously, the pension headwind. Was there one other item you had there, Julian?
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, sure. It was just on kind of the net of savings versus restructuring charges.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, great question. Right now, our intention is not to take those savings from the restructuring actions in Q4 to the bottom line, but rather, to use those to kind of rebalance our investments as we go into 2013. Now as we proceed into 2013, if market conditions turn out to be worse than we were expecting, we may not redeploy all of that.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Winoker of Sanford Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First question on Logix. Can you just provide some color around what Logix was doing in the quarter? And any more pressure competitively in terms of traction there, given the fact that customers are, as you mentioned, putting off decision making at this point?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Logix -- organic growth for Logix in the quarter was 6% year-over-year, and for the full year, it was 8% growth. So we're happy with the performance of Logix in the year. I think our ability to continue to expand the platform, in particular, with a number of -- actually, 3 new midrange platforms, gives us optimism. And that's why my comments about we're pleased with our new products, but we're also counting on those new products to drive growth in this next fiscal year. So I don't believe delays or customer -- lack of customer certainty has impacted disproportionately anything associated with our Logix business, and I think we are better positioned, going into '13, with these new platforms than we were coming into '12. So I think it's an area that can help us across-the-board, both in process, as well as our OEM initiatives. And whether that be in emerging markets or mature economies, we think it -- the broadening of the portfolio bodes well for us going forward.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Are those the best growth -- when you -- you mentioned best growth opportunities in the release and a couple times on this call. Is that what you're talking about?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. And to Ted's point, part of the redeployment of resources with the headroom we created from our restructuring actions are to do just that, to focus on our core platforms and to support the commercial initiatives, particularly the emerging markets. So we do see that as a -- as one of the better opportunities, and process in OEMs remain right up there as far as where we think we have the greatest long-term growth potential.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And second question, you mentioned EMEA -- or EMEA was up 7% in the quarter, organically. Where was that? What'd Western Europe do? And I mean, are you assuming you can keep that up for 2013, and how?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think it was interesting, Europe, because it was a combination of good growth in a lot of the emerging Europe, which would be, for us, Central and Eastern Europe, including Russia and then the Middle East and South Africa. So that was significant growth, double-digit growth in the quarter. I think Western Europe was more mixed. We had some very good success in a couple of countries and, in particular, good success in the U.K., good success in some of the northern countries. And really, the greatest weakness for us was in Italy and mainly because of the financial issues there that's impacting both the end users in Italy, as well as the machine builders. So I would say in Western Europe, Italy was the weakest performer for us. As far as being able to keep it up next year, we believe that Europe will be at the -- below the company average, and I think it really depends upon how does the financial and the debt crisis there and the euro crisis unfold. As we said, we're not expecting it to deteriorate from here. But we're not counting on a lot of growth from the mature economies, and we think we'll see above-average growth in the emerging.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Inch, Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just would like to understand the organic growth guide a little bit more, Ted and Keith. So if you look at volumes and the normal seasonal pattern today, and based on all the puts and takes that you've described, does the midpoint of your guide assume that in fiscal '13, business conditions, all else equal, are relatively static? Or are you assuming, as I think, Keith, you mentioned, some second half improvement? Or is the second half improvement really a function of getting to the 5% within the range?
Theodore D. Crandall: No, John. I would say even at midpoint, we would expect first half to be relatively flat to current conditions, maybe slightly better. But then most of the growth has to come in the second half.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So some companies have gotten into trouble though by forecasting macroeconomic improvement. And I'm just curious, is this a -- I realize you have some visibility with respect to backlogs. Obviously, you're discussing a lot with your customers. Is this a little bit of an inventory build, or is it process? Or I mean, what would give you the confidence at this juncture to assume that in your June quarter, you're going to start to see a pickup, or is it sort of aspirational? Or just a little more color would be helpful.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would not call it aspirational. But I think we've been pretty consistent saying we don't believe we have visibility that goes out more than 6 months, especially from an order and backlog point of view. I think what we're looking at is conversations we're having with our sales organization, our channel, our customers. We're looking at the macroeconomic projections that are put out there by people like Global Insight. I would say, generally, what we're seeing in those macroeconomic projections, and I think this is also true of IMF, is that there's expected growth next year, but generally weighted toward the latter half. We're also hopeful that once we get past the elections and the fiscal cliff, that hopefully, that will reduce some of the uncertainty we have in North America right now. So we think that's consistent with the notion of whatever's going to happen in our fiscal 2013, it is more likely to be positive in the second half.
Keith D. Nosbusch: The only thing that I would add to that, John, is quite frankly, that's why we have a range. And if you go at the low end of that range, we're not assuming anything in the second half. And if you go to the high end of the range, it kind of fits what Ted just talked about. So I think that range allows all of you to make your best estimate of how you see it playing out from your window. But certainly, we see the potential to operate across that range, and I think the dynamic that Ted talked about is what moves it from the low end to the high end.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that -- no, that clarifies it. That's quite helpful. Let me ask you then, Ted. At the midpoint, right, of your EPS assumption, you're assuming $5.55 versus $5.29 x the pension nonoperating costs. Now I realize you've got this extra -- you've got the service cost increasing by about $0.10 and $0.11. That's still giving you a -- it's sort of a still kind of an anemic, if you will, variable contribution. I think I'm just going back to the 18.7, right, versus 18.6. I realized if you x the 20 million, it's about 30 basis points. But what kind of variable profit conversion are you assuming? And shouldn't this -- the lower solution, shouldn't that actually be helping your mix a little bit more? Like why is there not a little bit more volume leverage?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. Well, there's -- so at the midpoint, conversion is a little bit over 20%. And if you add it back, the pension expense increase, conversion would be close to 30%. And we think with 3% organic growth being at the low end of kind of what we normally talk about of that normal range in the upside, call it, 30% to 40%, we think that's pretty good performance.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So your midpoint is assuming the low end of your historical range of a 30% to 40%. That's the way to think about it.
Theodore D. Crandall: Without the pension expense increase.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. No, I understand. And the reason for that is just because overall uncertainty, you're just being conservative or what?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I don't think so. I mean, I think it's simply that the lower that organic growth number is, we just don't get as much volume leverage.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's fair. Lastly, China. I think China was up 5% last quarter, up 11% this quarter. Keith, what are you seeing in China? Like what are you sort of seeing on a sequential basis whether you're on brownfield, people telling you -- because companies are, for all intents and purposes, saying it's a flat, but some have actually called out perhaps a degree of improvement.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think we're seeing mixed at this point, John. China, we have not seen any impact, or I should say, meaningful impact yet of the stimulus, particularly in some of the infrastructure projects. We do expect a little bit of help of that in fiscal '13. But they still have challenges with respect to liquidity, particularly for the small and midsized customers, and their exports, particularly given the impact of Europe to their export industries, continues to be a challenge. So we see China as having another tough year. But a tough year for them means it's still meaningful growth. GDP has dropped down into the 7s with the last one continuing to bring it down. They're going through a leadership change. I think this first quarter here, it'll be a little bit uncertain, and I think we'll get a little more clarity as to what that does positive or negative as we get past the Chinese New Year. So we see China as mixed at this point in time. And we're still very optimistic and bullish on China in the long term, but we have to get through the current environment.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But your guide doesn't assume China deterioration. It's assuming...
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. We think China, overall, will perform slightly higher than it did for us this year. That's our plan for next year. And we -- as you know, we had a very, very weak start in China last year. We ended much, much stronger, and we think we will be slightly ahead of the fiscal year performance.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Can we talk pension a little bit? What's the funded status of the plan at year end?
Theodore D. Crandall: We were underfunded by $930 million at year end, which is slightly higher underfunding than year-end last year. And so basically, the drop in the discount rate pretty much offset the favorable contribution we got, both out of asset returns and the pension contribution we made in October.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then what do you see for pension contributions in 2013, if any?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think in terms of discretionary contributions, we would not expect a discretionary contribution in 2013. So our normal level of pension contributions, primarily related to plans outside the U.S., is about $40 million.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And what percent of the current plan participants are current employees? And is the plan still open?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, the plan was closed to new participants. This is generally true for our defined benefit plans in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. They were closed to new participants in 2010, but they remain open for active participants. Offhand, I do not know the percent of employees active versus not active. I would guess it's probably about 40% active versus 60% not active. I can -- I'll check that for you and let Rondi get back to you if that's not correct.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then just going forward, are you going to report kind of full detailed GAAP, non-GAAP, so if we want to keep track of what the GAAP numbers actually look like, we'll be able to do that?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes.
Operator: Next question is from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, I just wanted to dig into A&S margins a little bit. You talked about the restructuring, and that accounted for the bulk of the year-over-year decline. But then you called out Logix growth of 6%, which is, to me, that comes with decent margin. Just wondering, were there any negative mixes that offset that Logix growth?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say nothing significant in the quarter, and I would also say the Logix growth versus the average of A&S wasn't a significant mix boost for us. I think if you look at A&S, we've always said the margins are going to be somewhat variable quarter-to-quarter, in part because of the high underlying contribution margin potential. If you look at the full year, A&S margins were 26.5% for the full year, which was up almost 1 point from last year. I think that's representative of the underlying performance of the business.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And we talked about what the 1Q seasonality within the CP&S, but A&S margins normally pick up from 4Q fiscal into 1Q fiscal. Would you expect that to reoccur this year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think you are correct in your historical observation. Since we don't provide quarterly guidance, I don't want to comment on what I think A&S is going to be next quarter.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And, Ted, you gave us the solutions book-to-bill. I know you're very short cycle, so the products book-to-bill is not that meaningful a metric. But do you have the number offhand?
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't have the number offhand, but I think you're right. Because that is such short cycle, we typically don't have a big difference in book-to-bill on product
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just switching to the pension change. You had the option to -- I guess, you considered switching to mark-to-market. You opted to go for a nonoperating metric. You just -- maybe just quickly, why did you decide not to go with the mark-to-market route? Because it seems that most of the U.S. companies are adopting that change of accounting.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I think that's a fair question. We felt that the most important thing was try and provide investors transparency into the nonoperating versus operating pension costs. We thought we could accomplish that without changing the underlying GAAP accounting. And we thought it was a positive that in choosing the method we chose, we don't have to make these large fourth quarter GAAP adjustments that are a consequence of the mark-to-market adjustment.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And by the way, I appreciate all the detail you provided on the restatements. That's really helpful. And then just quickly on Logix. You set a target of $1 billion this year. Did you get there?
Keith D. Nosbusch: We were just under it this year, and we certainly are going to go over it early in our fiscal year. But the difference between organic and with currency caused us to be just slightly under. So we're pleased with where we're at. We almost got to that metric of $1 billion, and we're going to look forward to blowing through it this fiscal year.
Operator: Next question is from Winnie Clark of UBS.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you just talk a little bit about -- actually back to the quarter. It seems that results were better than what you would've expected going into the quarter. Can you kind of talk about how things trended? Was September better than the prior months, et cetera, throughout the quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: You're breaking up a little bit, so let me see if I can repeat the question and make sure we got it. You're asking [indiscernible] the sales numbers came in a little bit better than expected in the quarter and could we talk a little bit about how things trended through Q4.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, that's right.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay, I'd be happy to do that. Well, I think most of you know that our fourth quarter is very heavily weighted to September performance. And September, once again, was our strongest month in the quarter both in orders and sales, and nothing unusual there. I would say it was our typical pattern that we have every year, given the holidays, particularly in the July-August time frame, both in Europe and more and more in the U.S., so very consistent. With respect to October, we believe what we have seen so far is consistent with the guidance we gave and with the commentary that we talked about with first half and second half and our solutions backlog reduction in Q4.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then on Process, obviously, very strong growth this year. Being that your solutions backlog is a bit weaker and you expect some weaker mix next year, how do you think about Process next year relative to the company average growth?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. We think Process will be closer to the company average growth this next year than the significant ink of above-company performance that we had this year. And you're exactly right. It's mainly driven by the softness in orders the last 2 quarters, so not the performance difference that we had this year, but still, ongoing growth and, still, the area that we believe has the greatest long-term potential for us.
Operator: And it's from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: In terms of the pause amidst the uncertainty out there, I mean, is this kind of amorphous commentary you're getting back from customers in the channel? Or do you hear one thing more than the other? I mean, are people bringing up mainly fiscal clip -- cliff, mainly Europe? I mean, do you have any ability to kind of rank order what you tend to hear the most to give us a little feel for when people are going to get over this uncertainty?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, no. I mean, with -- and the reason I say that is with 50 -- more than 50% of our sales outside the U.S., we hear an eclectic set of feedback. And I think the U.S., the predominance is the fiscal cliff and what's going to happen with taxes and what's going to happen with my cost with all the regulation and the healthcare. So I think there is this great uncertainty in the U.S. as to can I make a long-term investment decision without knowing a little more as to what the rules of the game are going to be for some period of time. And I would think there, that is the predominant question that's on people's minds. If you go to Europe, I think it's just -- they haven't solved the fiscal sovereign debt crisis, and everyone's waiting to see will there be some definitive conclusion to that. And the emerging markets are kind of just -- I think you see a little mix there with the emerging markets that have strong exporting, wondering what's happening in the U.S. and Western Europe. And I think where the ongoing positive activity is, is in their indigenous markets and, in particular, in some of the automotive, some of the consumer product areas. That's where we see the least dependence upon what's going on in the rest of the world in those emerging markets and, really, what is the form of government stimulus that is being applied there, which, traditionally, is much more infrastructure types of projects. So it's varied, and I think each region has a unique set of concerns. And that's the backdrop that we see this pause and ongoing uncertainty and, therefore, lack of confidence to make ongoing investments.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just in terms of -- one follow-up on China. You said you haven't seen sort of the evidence of the stimulus yet, but you expect some in '13, I think. I mean, in terms of the pipeline of things that are on the table over there, I mean, any particular verticals or areas of investment that you think you have some visibility into benefiting from?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, their stimulus is heavily focused into infrastructures, so metro systems. They always -- not always. Last time, as well as this time, they're accelerating projects that would've been done later. But now, they move them up, and they have more lines going in, in parallel than they would have previously. And we still see some strength in oil and gas in China, particularly some of the offshore activities are strong and automotive is not as strong as it used to be, but it's still a healthy sector. And then as I mentioned earlier, the indigenous food and consumer industries, with their growing middle class, is an area that we still see good investment by both indigenous, as well as multinational companies.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. So that concludes today's call. Thank you, all, for joining us, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Automation Fair next week. Actually, starting this week; actually, it's this week. It's been a busy month. So we'll see you later this week. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for your holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thank you, Sonia. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the third quarter as well as an update on the remainder of the fiscal year. Then Ted will provide more details around the quarter and our revised guidance for fiscal 2012. We'll then take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We know it's been a busy earnings week for all of you, so we appreciate you calling in today. We expect the call to take about an hour. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. My remarks will cover highlights for the quarter, our assessment of business conditions and an updated outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. We delivered solid 7% organic growth in the third quarter with organic growth in all regions. Operating margin expanded almost 1 point, and the earnings per share grew 9% or 13%, if you exclude the headwind from a higher tax rate. So overall, a good quarter in the midst of a more challenging macroeconomic environment. Let me give you some color on sales in the quarter. Generally, all regions came in at the lower end of our growth rate expectation, reflecting a slowing of market demand. The U.S. was stable, with 6% organic growth, and Canada had another robust quarter of 24% growth. EMEA held up reasonably well with 3% organic growth in spite of deteriorating macroeconomic condition. While parts of Western Europe declined in the quarter, emerging EMEA had very strong double-digit growth. In Asia, we actually saw stronger growth in mature countries than in emerging. While China did grow sequentially, 5% year-over-year growth in the quarter was below our expectation. The government's stimulus actions have yet to jump start economic growth. We continue to believe that China will rebound to higher growth rate, but it now appears more likely to happen after our Q4. India remained weak and sales were down in the quarter. We have yet to see evidence of improvement in their economy. Lastly, Latin America organic sales growth of 5% in the quarter fell considerably short of our expectation. Most of the sales shortfall was in Brazil, which is experiencing an economic slowdown and has led to delays in customer spending. Mexico, on the other hand, was a bright spot, with over 30% growth. I have a few other third quarter highlights. Our Process business delivered another good quarter of sales growth at 15%. On a year-to-date basis, sales are up 20% in Process. In June, the board approved a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization, and we increased the dividend by 11%. Both of these actions demonstrate our ongoing commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders. Ted will provide more detail on third quarter financial performance in his remarks. So I'll move on to our revised outlook. Every quarter, we do an extensive review with our sales and business leaders as well as a pulse check with our channel partners and key customers to try to get a read on current and future business condition. Although none of us has a crystal ball, we use this feedback along with macro indicators and our recent performance to develop our outlook for the remainder of the year. So what is all of this telling us? On the macroeconomic side, whether you look at GDP, industrial production growth or PMI, most of the indicators have weakened from 1 quarter ago. Customer and channel sentiment is generally less positive than 1 quarter ago. Most of the signs point to a flattening of cluster demand, at least in the short term. And although sales growth was solid in Q3, we started to see more projects getting pushed out. While there are project delays in every quarter, they seemed to pick up in the third quarter. So keeping all of this in mind, along with an increasing headwind of currency, we are reducing our sales outlook for the fiscal year to about $6.2 billion. Correspondingly, we are revising our fiscal 2012 earnings per share guidance range to $5 to $5.20, with about $0.05 of the reduction coming from currency. Even with the guidance revision, sales and earnings in this range represent another record year for the company. It is clear that we are in an environment of considerable macroeconomic and political uncertainty. We are closely monitoring market condition and are focused on how the fourth quarter will play out. We have proven we know how to be nimble in times of economic uncertainty and will continue to balance near-term financial performance with growth opportunity. At the end of the day, automation remains a great market, and our competitive differentiation positions us well to outgrow the underlying market. If historical cyclical patterns have any relevance, we would expect to see at least another 2 years in this cycle. Let me close by thanking all of the employees and partners of Rockwell Automation. Their dedication and domain expertise is core to our value proposition for customers. That is what will enable us to continue to gain market share and deliver superior returns to our shareholders. Here's Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our revised guidance for 2012. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. My comments will reference the slides on the website, and I'll be starting with Slide 5, the third quarter results summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1,560,000,000. That's up 3% compared to the third quarter of last year. The year-over-year impact of currency fluctuations reduced sales by about 4 points. That's a much more negative impact from currency than earlier this year and more negative than we anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. The decline of the euro compared to the U.S. dollar is causing the largest part of that difference. Segment operating earnings were $284 million, an increase of 8% compared to a year ago. General Corporate net was $19 million, that compares to $22.3 million in Q3 last year. This Q3 was somewhat lower than average quarter for General Corporate net expense, primarily just timing. We still expect the full year General Corporate net expense to be about $90 million. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 22.1%. There were some discrete items that reduced the rate in the quarter. Year-to-date, the effective rate was 23.8%. So through 9 months, we're running very close to our full year expectation of 24%. Last year in Q3, the tax rate was 19.1%, also lower due to the recognition of discrete items. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.33, up $0.09 compared to Q3 last year and despite the higher tax rate. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 143.5 million, that's down about 2.4 million shares from the average of Q3 last year. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.6 million of shares at a cost of about $121 million. Year-to-date, through the end of June, we've repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares at a cost of about $170 million. The increased rate of repurchases in Q3 is generally consistent with the intentions that we outlined in the earnings call at the end of April. Moving to Slide 6, this is a more graphical representation of total company results for the third quarter. As I noted on the prior slide, the year-over-year increase in sales for Q3 was 3%, 7% x currency. Reported sales were flat sequentially but up about 1 point, excluding currency translation. On the right side of the slide, you can see a healthy increase in segment operating earnings, both year-over-year and sequentially. Segment operating margin was 18.2% in the quarter, up 0.8 points compared to last year and up 1 point sequentially. The year-over-year margin expansion reflects volume leverage, partly offset by increased spending and unfavorable mix. We also benefited in Q3 from lower incentive compensation expense, including year-to-date adjustments related to reduced expectations for full year sales and earnings. It's a similar year-over-year margin causal in each of the segments. Through 3 quarters, segment operating margin is 18.2%, up 1.4 points from the same 9 months of last year. Let's move to Slide 7, which summarizes the Q3 results for the Architecture & Software segment. The left side of the chart displays the sales performance. Sales were $664 million, a decrease of 1% year-over-year. Currency translation reduced sales by about 4 points, so organic sales growth was approximately 3%. Sales were flat sequentially. Operating margin for the quarter was 27.5%, up 1.4 points compared to Q3 last year. Year-to-date operating margin in Architecture & Software is 27.1 points -- or 27.1%, up almost 2 points from the same period last year. Let's turn to Slide 8 results for the Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales were $897 million in the quarter, up 6% compared to Q3 last year. The increase included about 1 point contribution from acquisitions, offset by about a 5-point reduction due to currency. So an organic sales increase of 10%. Solutions and services businesses grew about 16% organically year-over-year, contributing the lion's share of the dollar growth. Sales in this segment were flat sequentially. Segment operating earnings were $102 million, an increase of 16% compared to Q3 last year, with segment operating margin at 11.3%, up almost a full point from a year ago. Year-to-date, Control Products & Solutions operating margin is 11.5%, up 1.3 points compared to last year. The next slide provides a look at regional sales performance. Keith provided a good deal of color on the regional sales performance, so I won't repeat that. Perhaps just a couple of comments. Looking at the difference between the growth rates in the middle column, that's the as-reported year-over-year comparison, and in far right column, which is x currency, you'll note the significant negative impact from currency, particularly in EMEA and Latin America, and the largest impact in Latin America coming from Brazil. In EMEA, with ex-currency growth at 5%, we benefited from about a 2-point contribution from acquisitions year-over-year. And to reinforce a point that Keith made, maybe the most positive message from this slide is the organic growth in all regions. I'll turn now to Slide 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $232 million, that's about 122% of net income. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 75% for the full year, including the impact of the $300 million discretionary pension contribution that we made in quarter 1. We would expect conversion to be about 100% excluding that pension contribution. And that brings us to the final slide, which addresses our current outlook for the full year. As Keith mentioned, we've reduced the narrowed sales and earnings guidance. We now expect sales for the full year of about $6.2 billion. Think of that as a range of $6.15 billion to $6.25 billion, and that compares to the previous guidance of $6.25 billion to $6.45 billion. We now expect currency translation to reduce sales by about 3 points for the full year. Previous guidance assumed a 2-point decrease due to currency. Across the sales guidance range, there's about a $50 million negative impact from currency compared to the prior guidance. Excluding currency effects, we expect growth for the full year of about 6% to 7%. Previous guidance was 6% to 9%. We still expect segment margin to be a little over 18%. As I mentioned earlier, we're at 18.2% year-to-date. And we expect diluted EPS in the range of $5 to $5.20. As Keith mentioned, currency effects are reducing EPS across the guidance range by about $0.05 compared to the prior guidance. We continue to expect a full year tax rate of about 24%. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect General Corporate net expense to be about $90 million for the full year. With that, I'll turn it over to Rondi to begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] Okay. So, Sonia, let's take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Steve Tusa.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the -- I guess, the margin in A&S was pretty good despite weaker-than-expected sales than I had. Can you maybe talk about that? And then it looks like in the fourth quarter, on the kind of decline in revenues, you're just basically assuming that there's a kind of 30% to 40% incremental to get to the 18% margin. Is that kind of how you're looking at it?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, let me take your first -- I'm sorry, Steve, on you second question, you're asking about Q4?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, the Q4 guide looks like it's basically just a sales decline and then a decremental margin of like 30% to 40% or something like that.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, so let me take the A&S question first. So A&S margins were up about 2 points sequentially. Even though reported sales were down slightly, there was positive organic growth, and that had some attractive conversion. We also had somewhat better mix sequentially. We've talked about the unfavorable mix in Q2. And the incentive comp that I mentioned also favorably impacted margins sequentially a bit. So I mean, that kind of explains the A&S margin performance in the quarter. As it relates to incrementals in Q4, especially when you get small sales changes and negative changes, the incrementals start to get a little funky. But basically, I would say if you think about the sequential performance from Q3 to Q4 that we're going to get a little bit -- at mid-point, a little bit of organic volume growth. And that's going to be offset largely by unfavorable mix.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then one last question on that fourth quarter. How are you looking at this? Are you just saying, I mean, normal seasonality in the upturn is usually higher than what you've guided to. Obviously, if you look back over a 10-year period, there's some pretty weak seasonal moves, when things turned down. But are you kind of just assuming kind of normal seasonality with the hedge? Is there -- what exactly have you been seeing in kind of June and July that makes you kind of set that bar for the fourth quarter? And is that just the view of the macro or just curious as to how you set that?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think, at the mid-point, basically, what we're expecting is products to be kind of flat quarter-to-quarter, and then we're expecting kind of a normal seasonal plop in the Solutions business. But clearly, last Q4 was a much larger-than-normal increase. We're not expecting to see that same kind of increase this Q4.
Unknown Analyst: And is that Solutions comp visible?
Theodore D. Crandall: When you say visible, I mean, well, when you say invisible, I mean, think about -- whatever we're going to do in Q4 in Solutions is pretty much in the backlog at the end of Q3.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You referenced, Keith, you mentioned project delays in 3Q increasing. Are there any common themes behind that? Like, for example, I don't think we've seen any decline, really, in Process, per se, from any of the other guys, but is it auto? Is it hybrid? Anything that you can kind of glean from that?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I don't believe there's any one common theme there. If you look at what is happening, it's a little bit more regional in nature. In the U.S., we are seeing some project, I'll say, really front-log pushouts, particularly in paper and metals. The ongoing small project business is good in the U.S. So little different there in the fact that it's really the front-log pushout that we're seeing. Probably where the most significant changes are occurring, and all of this is based upon our expectations where, in particular, in Asia, we were expecting to see some acceleration of projects in the second half of the year, and that's not occurring. And so we're seeing both backlog and front-log pushouts in projects in Asia. We associate a lot of that with just the market conditions, the macroeconomic conditions, mainly in China and India, and the liquidity issues in both of those countries as well. And it just, in particular, in China -- we weren't expecting anything in India. But in China, we thought we would see that acceleration, and in fact, we have not. So from our expectation, it's been lower, even though we had growth in China. In Latin America, probably the biggest impact is what we're seeing in Brazil, and that's not so much -- in Latin America, it's not so much in the large projects such as the oil and gas and the mining projects, which tend to be very long-term investments, and those don't really move much at the end of the day. It's more in the shorter-term projects, particularly, in Brazil, where they're struggling with both the high interest rates and also the real currency that is making some of their exporting manufacturing less competitive. So that tends to be a little bit of color around what we're seeing in the project delays as we go forward here.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. Keith, as a follow-up, just -- when you think about the upcoming election, I mean, your customers, particularly in the States, talking about the election as kind of a catalyst to delay projects and just wait and see what policy is going to be? Is that -- is there any impact there that you guys see as tangible?
Keith D. Nosbusch: It's hard to say what's tangible there. But I think as all of us know, the uncertainty that is existing at this point in time with what will occur at the end of the year or the start of the year, particularly in the U.S., doesn't create a lot of confidence for investment. And as I said, I don't think we have anything tangible, but we do hear that, that uncertainty is causing a little more cautiousness in their outlook and therefore, in their spending patterns and commitment patterns. So I think it is having at least some psychological impact at this point in time. And as people start preparing for the end of the year or the start of the year, it will be weighing on their investment decisions.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Keith, you talked about some negative mixes occurring within A&S. Could you maybe just elaborate on that, please?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we talked about a different mix between last quarter and this quarter, which improved some of the margins. And that was really some less growth in our motion business, which is related more to some of the OEMs and, in particular, some of the OEMs in Europe, which are slowing, and likewise, associated with OEMs, some of our safety component businesses slowed for that same reason. They're very tightly connected together at the OEM segments. So that was the mix comment that I think Ted referred to in his commentary.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then, if you look into 4Q and maybe beyond, I realize the visibility is quite low, but anything on the mix side that you want to highlight?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I think, from our perspective, at least, in Q4, we would expect to see a reasonable, consistent mix. And I guess you're referring to just A&S. But we do expect Logix to probably grow above the average in the segment, because we believe motion will still be a little slower, particularly with what we're seeing with respect to the German OEM machinery export expectations and what is going on in Italy. So I think, we're expecting to see probably a similar mix content in Q4 that we saw in Q3 for A&S. If we take it at a macro level, we're obviously expecting -- a company level, we're obviously expecting Solutions to be a higher content in our Q4 and, as Ted mentioned, that the predominant growth in the quarter will come from Solutions businesses that are already in backlog.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And Keith, you mentioned growing uncertainties caused partially by the election in the U.S. Are you seeing that uncertainty in the channel? Are you starting to see some more careful management of inventories?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, in the U.S., in particular, and U.S. -- well, in North America, in particular, we have very good visibility in the channel behaviors, and we're not seeing any deviation in what we would expect for the normal volume levels that are occurring. And we continue to see appropriate both levels and behavior in the channel.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass, Longbow Research.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Keith, can you highlight what Logix growth was in the quarter? And what are you expecting for the full year in Logix?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, Logix growth in the quarter was -- organic growth was 3%, about the same as A&S organic growth with -- but for the full year, we would expect to see high-single-digit growth from Logix.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then looking ahead with the growing uncertainty, I assume you're being -- at least, thinking about any possible measures as far as cost controls. Is it too soon for you to be thinking about that? Or just can you explain what you're looking -- what you're expecting for that, maybe into 2013?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, first, we are operating the business in a manner that's consistent with the guidance, which is basically that we're entering a slower growth environment. So we -- and with the limited visibility, as you said, but given the current trends, we do have all of our businesses and functions looking at what type of contingency plans they can put in place in the event that market conditions get worse. But at this point, we're still operating the business, as we're moving into a slower growth period. And we still want to make the prudent decisions based upon balancing financial performance with longer-term growth opportunities. So at this point, we're making sure that we're doing our -- what's prudent, which is to look at the opportunities, and we really want to watch what is going on in Q4 here to get a better picture of what to anticipate in fiscal year '13.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then you haven't throttled anything back quite yet?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. I mean, obviously, we slowed spending, just like the growth rates. And quite candidly, that's part of the reasons why we've been able to have a reasonable margin performance this year, even with the decline in revenue, I should say, the reduction in revenue growth. So yes, we are slowing our spending and we're not spending at the level we had in the plan currently.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Keith, following up on an earlier question regarding regional trends with project pushouts. What's going on in Europe? What are you seeing there? You mentioned some other regions. Just curious to see what you're seeing in Europe, if it's taken a decent step back or what the color is there?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, in Europe, we're -- actually, we're very pleased with the organic growth. I mean, it's 3%. But the fact that we're still growing in a very, very tough environment is very encouraging for us, and we're very pleased with the team's work there to make this happen. We are seeing the slowdown in Western Europe. Some of the countries are seeing a much more difficult environment. As you would expect, Southern Europe is -- it's tougher than it was in the earlier part of the year. But we are seeing the growth in emerging Europe, and we see projects continuing to be moving forward. There's not really a slowdown with respect to -- particularly, oil and gas has been very strong. And also, some of the metals markets in the Middle East continue to be strong. And once again, these are generally large projects that don't get moved simply because of a short-term issue. They tend to be longer-term, decade-type investments, and they tend to continue to move forward. And we haven't seen any delay in that. In Europe, the delay is -- more of it has been in what I would call some of the consumer industries. Auto, as all of you know, is struggling more in Europe with the overcapacity. You've seen recent print -- recent articles about the taking offline of some of their capacity. And so we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown there. But Europe, in automotive, is probably not as strong for us as any other region in the world. So it's probably less of an impact to us. But along that line, tire goes pretty close with automotive, and we're seeing slowdowns there, which does impact some of the OEM activity in Europe. And then food and beverage, the consumer products areas are also starting to see more slowdown and pushout of projects. So that's kind of what we're seeing in the European front.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then just a couple of housekeeping. On the Logix comment, is that high-single-digit growth rate organic or total? And then what was the Solutions book-to-bill for the quarter or at the end of the quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: The Logix growth is an organic growth rate, and the book-to-bill was 1 for the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a couple of follow-on thoughts. Your comment about kind of operating as if you're in a slow-growth environment was clear. I also wondered if you'd kind of put that, though, in context to your higher-level thought that kind of a normal cycle might have 2 more years to go. I mean, clearly, this one doesn't feel as normal. And I just wonder if you could draw some parallels to prior periods if you, in fact, see any parallels in the way your business and/or customers are acting relative to what you may have seen in the past.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, first of all, as I'm sure you've been thinking and understand is none of these ever are the same, so. But certainly for us, this feels more like a pause and a slowing of growth as opposed to a fundamental downturn at this point in time. And so, obviously, the most recent memory that we have is-- back in '08. And I think there's some meaningful differences than what we saw at that point in time. For example, back in '08, we had, at least in the U.S., we had 2 major car companies on the verge of bankruptcy. We had a very strong bubble in the housing sector, and we were getting close to but not yet in the financial crisis that occurred later in the fall. And at this point -- and today, we don't see any of those. And more importantly, most companies' balance sheets are very strong. So they have an ability to, I think, easier ride through a slowdown and yet continue to spend in the appropriate areas that make sense. So we really aren't, at this point, seeing similarities to '08 other than what we talked about a little earlier, which is there are some project delays. And while a lot of that is normal, we did see a little push-up of that, a push-up of that in our third quarter. But certainly, given the macro and political environment, at this point, we just feel that that's just a normal course of action that we would expect companies to be taking. So we're obviously very focused on Q4 and to get a better read of what's occurring, and that's one of the reasons we want to be careful with our spending at this point in time. But we're still expecting growth, and we are expecting that the cycle will continue, although we don't know the shape of it at this point in time.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just following along on that. Were the trends in June similar to what you saw throughout the quarter or was there a meaningful change in June and early July?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, there wasn't really a meaningful change. We had a very strong margin, as you remember, from the last call. And so April was a little weaker because of that. But the business progressed at an increasing rate through the quarter. Unfortunately, not at the rate we had anticipated at the last call. So we saw a continued growth through June. And certainly, what we're seeing in July is consistent with what we've outlined in the guidance. So really, no fundamental change other than the slowing of growth, particularly in some of the key emerging markets that we did anticipate. We talked about China accelerating. We're not seeing anything unique in India that we didn't expect. But China, not as fast a growth in recovery. And Brazil in a worse situation than we would have -- than we certainly had anticipated in the previous quarters. So other than those nuance -- not nuances, those areas, in general, just the slowing and just the rate of increase was different than we anticipated at the start of the quarter.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just one other real quick one, and I'll get off. The kind of the okay performance in Europe, as you put it, decent, given the backdrop, do you think that in any way reflects your OEM machine builders beginning to benefit from euro weakness from an export standpoint?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I think, it's more of a -- I think, partially -- not partially, it is definitely the OEMs where our success is and why we believe we're outperforming. And that's -- and it's not so much because of the currency. Those types of -- that doesn't cause a reaction as quick in the marketplace as just the change of the rates in 1 quarter. There is a selling cycle. There is a build cycle that has to come into play and an order cycle that comes into that as well. So we wouldn't see that quick of a reaction. We believe that the performance in Europe is really because of what we've done in the last couple of years, to build and to focus on OEMs. And in particular, the success we see is driven less by the currency and more by the strength of exporting OEMs. And certainly, if you look at the performance of the machinery builders in Europe, the domestic market is very weak, and what has been supporting it in the last couple of quarters -- supporting the industry in the last couple of quarters has been exporting. And exporting to the U.S. and exporting to Latin America with a somewhat of a decline in the exports. Asia, particularly China, and the domestic market has weakened. So it's played to our strength, and more importantly, played to the areas that we focused on in the last couple of years. And we believe that's been one of the areas that we've been able to create share gain and one of the reasons why we've been able to continue to grow in a very, very difficult economy there.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Winoker, Sanford Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a first quick question on that -- those margins, on the incrementals. To what extent that price and cost contribute to the incremental performance? I know you talked about organic growth, but if I sort of think about separating price cost versus productivity versus just leverage on the fixed cost base.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean, price was positive in the quarter. And I would say, year-to-date, we're pretty much on track to hit our expectations of about 1 point. Cost is probably running a little bit favorable year-to-date, and I would say increasingly favorable as we proceed through the year. Now some of that we expected at the beginning of the year. And it really reflects just some easing of commodity costs. I would say price cost performance in total is probably about neutral for us against the guidance that we talked about last quarter.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And do you expect that to continue for the rest of the -- for the fourth quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: We do.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just stepping back a little bit here. I know you're waiting for fourth quarter results to give you more certainty about how to proceed. But if you think about -- should you continue to see global deceleration, and you think about the playbook this time versus, I guess, '09 when you were down something like, what, 19% or 20% organically and the EBIT or operating profit was down more than, I guess, 60%, how do you think about that? Should you -- not that bad, but should we start to see that further deceleration? And you think about that margin versus growth investment trade-off. What should investors expect is a difference this time in terms of how you manage that trade-off?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, quite candidly, I don't think you should expect any difference. We definitely understand the need to respond to the short-term environment that we're operating in. On the other hand, we also understand that, as a technology company, we need to continue to make investments, particularly in our core platforms and in our customer-facing resources. And while we may not add there, we certainly want to maintain at a very meaningful level the investments that we're making, particularly in emerging markets, where we have to continue to build our capabilities and, certainly, in the core technologies that our customers are counting on. But more importantly, that's what gives us the competitive differentiation. And quite frankly, it's one of the reasons we came out of the last downturn as strong as we did. So we want to make sure we continue to maintain the proper investment levels and deal with the current economic situation appropriately, but not at the expense of prolonging the recovery and the benefits of new products and new customers in the upturn. And quite frankly, we never experienced the speed and depth of the decline that we saw in 2009. So the decrementals that you talked about were probably much higher than, I guess, I would call normal, although, as I said earlier to one of the questions, I don't know if there is a normal anymore. But we certainly are not expecting, anticipating or even thinking that we're in that type of a situation current.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right, okay. And maybe just a follow-up to the Logix growth point. You talked about 3%. How does that compare to your expectations and penetration and share gain, given the broader market challenges? Is it on pace and the trajectory's similar to -- you're still tracking to more than $1 billion this year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we believe that organically, we'll be above -- at least, with our -- what's baked into the forecast and the guidance we just gave you, we would expect to be slightly over $1 billion in Logix for the fiscal year. So we're still there on an organic basis, and we're growing that business at the rates, and in some of the markets, where we can get information, we believe we're outperforming the underlying markets. And that certainly is something that we pay very close attention to. As you know, we've introduced a number of new products this year. It's still very early in those introductions, but we're very pleased with the expansion of the platform and certainly look for that to be a help not just in the fourth quarter, but certainly as we go into fiscal '13. So that's part of the investments I talked about earlier that are important that we continue to make.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And Keith, sorry, just to follow that, you're not seeing a major competitor or accelerated competitive response anymore to Logix? There's not -- you're not seeing anything picking up on competition?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I think the competitive environment stays pretty much the same. And we think with the ongoing investments that we expect to continue to stay ahead of any of our competitors. And just to remind you, when I talk about the 3% this year, we had greater than 30% Logix growth in Q3 of last year. So it was a tough comp, but 3% is still not what we expected, quite frankly, or what we plan for, even in a tough comp environment. But it was very, very difficult on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Operator: Next question comes from Richard Eastman, Robert W. Baird.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, Keith, could you just speak -- you mentioned the book-to-bill in the Solutions was 1. I'm curious was -- how were the bookings on the Process side of Solutions? Is Process a big piece of Solutions, and is the momentum there continuing?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we don't have a specific breakdown in the book-to-bill on Process versus others. But we certainly, in general, see a continued growth in the process applications and areas that we work in. So we see it's a growth across the regions. And as I just said, the process continues to grow above the company average. And we're not seeing anything in the front log or the order trends that would indicate that, that process will not continue to be the higher rate of growth piece of our Solutions business.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just a question. When we look at the sequential growth from Q2 to Q3, and you've addressed this, that things slowed down or maybe didn't quite hit the expectations for re-accelerating in some markets. On the A&S side, it would seem that the below-norm seasonal growth would be a function of Brazil, as you mentioned, and also Europe OEMs or machine builders. On the CP&S side, the below-seasonal growth, is that largely a function of Solutions in China? Is that where we're seeing the pushouts of deferrals?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think 2 -- I think, yes. And in addition to that, Solutions would be in Latin America. So it would be Latin America and emerging Asia, in particular, China, would be the 2 largest areas that would drive your Q2 to Q3 comment.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Keith, maybe just on the 7% organic growth in the quarter, can you give us a little flavor on the -- how that broke down by verticals, which were above and below? And then thinking into some slowing in the 4Q, any particular ones you think will be the drivers of the slowdown?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. In the quarter, the best-performing verticals, so best-performing would mean above Rockwell Automation average, would be automotive, oil and gas, metals and mining. If you look at the ones that would be about at our average, the verticals would be tire, life sciences. And if you look at the one that probably grew below the Rockwell average, it would have been the consumer industries on a global basis. As far as the outlook, we would expect transportation, in particular, auto, to continue to be a healthy grower. And we like the front log that we see in transportation and, particularly, automotive. And we see it across many regions with the exception of EMEA. The heavy industries there, we would expect to see some performance flattening. We think oil and gas will maintain the strength that it has. But as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing some forward sentiment in metals and mining that appears to be more cautious now than it was previously, although we don't see that as a big impact in Q4. And then the consumer is basically flat. We think the spending there is really focused in emerging markets and then process optimization in some of the mature markets. So that's a little bit of a feel for the forward-looking picture on our verticals.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then on China, I mean, it continued to actually get, I guess, a little better, just not as much as you thought. In terms of thinking about what fell a little short, any particular areas there? And in your comment that you still expect it to improve, just not in your fiscal fourth quarter, any evidence of -- that in terms of your front log or things that you have visibility into that? Or is it just more of a macro comment on China stimulus?
Keith D. Nosbusch: It's a macro comment on China, not just the stimulus, but also on the work that they're doing to ease interest rates for lending. So we expect the liquidity situation to get better as well as the stimulus. And so I think as far where were the areas that we saw the softness, well, I think for the quarter, it was really in a couple of activities. And the most important was probably the stimulus did not ramp up or did not get executed as fast as we thought, particularly in some of the municipal projects, which tend to be the area they go to quickly to drive investment and improve spending. And the other area was simply the liquidity issue. Many small-, mid-sized customers, distributors, system integrators, it was tough for them to get money. And I think that is what caused some of the project delays that we referred to that impacted us in China. So it was the small- and mid-sized companies and then projects and a little bit associated with a slow implementation of the stimulus that got announced earlier in the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Winnie Clark, UBS.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So on the purchases. You repurchased 1.6 million shares in the quarter. I think that puts you a little bit under 2 million for the year, or actually, I think, potentially a little bit over. You had previously indicated you expect to repurchase roughly 3 million for the year. What -- how should we think about the pace of repurchases going forward? Is that still kind of your guidance, or is there a potential to pick up the purchases in that fourth quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think the easiest answer is yes. I mean, we're about, I think through the end of June, we're about 2.3 million shares repurchased. And I'd say we're on track to hit the 3 million that we talked about last quarter.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, so -- but yet you don't think that you'll be above that 3 million, that's probably just on track?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, we never in the quarter talk about what we might repurchase in the quarter.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then if we think about being in the slower-growth economy, how should we think about the growth potential of the automation market and then for Rockwell, specifically, in that kind of environment?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we certainly believe that automation outgrows the underlying market. And we don't believe that's any different in a slowing economy. Certainly, we believe there's more emphasis on productivity and cost reduction in a slowing economy than there, obviously, is in capacity expansion. And so we've been very successful in both the U.S. and Western Europe, 2 mature markets that require ongoing cost reductions, ongoing productivity improvements as well as ongoing regulatory compliance. So we think safety, we think compliance, we think cost reduction and productivity plays very well in a slowing economy. And certainly, we think emerging markets is where we will, again, see ongoing spending for capacity expansion and new investments and, I should say, new capacity, simply because of the ongoing expansion of the economy, as well as the growing middle-class and disposable income. And certainly, if you look at historical, the '06 to '08 period, we still grew at an average of 7.5%. So we -- I think we believe we can outgrow the market. And if it's a slower-growth environment, we still expect to be able to grow at a faster pace. And, quite candidly, that's, I think, one of the beauties of the automation market. It's an area and an industry that companies need what we do not just in good times, but in bad times as well. So we think we're very well positioned with the portfolio of our products solutions and services to be able to support customers across a business cycle.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. So that concludes today's call, Sonia, I think. And I just want to thank everyone for joining us, and we will sign off.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes your conference call today. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Deanna. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today as always are Keith Nosbusch; our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the second quarter and the first half of the fiscal year, as well as some full year outlook commentary. Then Ted will provide more details around the second quarter and our guidance for fiscal 2012, and we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks.  We know it's been a busy earnings week for all of you, so we appreciate you dialing in today. We expect the call to take about an hour, maybe a little bit less.  As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand over the call to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. The first portion of my remarks will cover some highlights for the quarter and a summary of our performance in the first half of the year. Please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. We had solid 8% growth excluding currency in Q2 and 7% organic growth.  I was really pleased to see solid organic growth in every region. North American market conditions have remained healthy. Our reported sales growth in the U.S. was 5% this quarter. But because of an unusually large project that shipped in quarter 2 last year, we believe that understates the strength of market conditions in the U.S. If we carved that large project out, growth in the U.S. would have been several points higher. Canada was a standout with 25% growth. We are successfully capitalizing on the strength of resource-based industries there.  Europe had another strong quarter despite macroeconomic headwinds. Our team there is executing very well in a difficult environment.  I was encouraged to see Asia return to double-digit growth in the quarter. China improved to high single-digit growth, and we are optimistic that market conditions will continue to improve in the second half of the year. Our outlook for India is more cautious. Sales in India were flat in the quarter, and we have yet to see evidence of improvement in the economy.  Lastly, while Latin America organic sales were only up 4% in the quarter, they have difficult comparison to a great quarter last year. Orders were strong in the quarter, and we continue to expect double-digit growth for the full year. I hope that regional color was helpful. I have a few other second quarter highlights to share before I move on to the first half.  Our Process business continued to gain traction and delivered another quarter of over 20% sales growth. We continue to expand our integrator network, which is enabling us to pursue a broader spectrum of applications in all regions. Process remains our greatest growth opportunity, and we are executing well. We introduced 2 new Logix mid-range controller platforms that improved scalability and Ethernet connectivity, plus enhanced motion for our OEM customers.  For the fourth time, we were recognized by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. This award is a real tribute to the efforts of all of our employees and the importance of ethics in our culture.  Ted will provide more detail on second quarter financial performance in his remarks. So I'd like to provide a few highlights on the first half of the fiscal year.  I am pleased with our year-over-year performance through the end of March. Sales grew over 8%, excluding currency. Operating margin expanded 1.7 points, and segment conversion margin was over 40%. Earnings per share in the first half grew 12% in spite of a pretty significant headwind from taxes, and we continue to generate best-in-class return on invested capital.  So far, the year has played out a little differently than we thought it would. Developed markets have been a bit stronger and emerging markets weaker than we originally expected. But overall, at the halfway point of the year, we're pretty much where we expected to be, and we're well positioned as we enter the second half.  So this is how we're thinking about the second half. We expect sequential sales growth in all regions and across our Product & Solutions and services businesses. We had a good first half in developed markets, and we expect those markets to remain solid for the rest of the year.  In emerging markets, we expect stronger growth in the second half of the year. Our outlook for China and Latin America is strong. We expect to return to double-digit growth in the second half. But we are more cautious on India, as we have yet to see signs of economic improvement there. Despite some mixed signals in the macro environment, we expect the recovery to continue in 2012. We feel great about our market position and our pipeline of opportunities, and we continue to invest in innovation and differentiation.  With 2 quarters behind us and given our current assessment of global economic and market conditions, we are maintaining the midpoint of both our sales and earnings per share guidance for the year and narrowing the ranges. The narrowed range for earnings per share guidance is $5.10 to $5.40. Sales and earnings within our guidance ranges would represent another record year for the company. Ted will provide more color on the assumptions in our guidance in his remarks.  Let me close by thanking all of the employees and partners of Rockwell Automation. We are executing our growth and performance strategy well, and that will enable us to deliver superior returns to our share owners.  With that, I'll now hand it over to Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning to everybody out there. I'll be referencing the slides on the website, and I'll start with Slide #5, which is titled Second Quarter Results: Summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1,561,000,000, up 7% compared to the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year impact of currency fluctuations reduced sales by about 1 point, and the contribution from acquisitions increased sales by about 1 point.  Segment operating earnings were $268 million, an increase of 10% compared to a year ago. General corporate net was $25.1 million compared to $20.5 million in Q2 last year. The increase was due to a $7 million legacy environmental charge related to former Rockwell International sites. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 24.9%.  Diluted earnings per share was $1.16, up a bit from last year. While we had a reasonable increase in segment operating earnings, the combination of our legacy environmental charge and a higher tax rate reduced EPS by about $0.13. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 144.7 million, and during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 508,000 shares at a cost of about $41 million.  Moving to Slide 6. This is the total company results for the second quarter. As I noted on the prior slide, the year-over-year increase in sales for Q2 was 7%. Sales increased by 6% sequentially.  On the right side of the slide, segment operating earnings were $268 million, up 10% compared to Q2 last year, with segment operating margin at 17.2%, up by 0.5 point from last year. The year-over-year margin expansion is due primarily to volume leverage and a favorable contribution from price, partly offset by increased spending. It's a similar year-over-year margin causal in both segments. Sequentially, operating earnings declined by about 5%, and segment operating margin was 2 points lower.  Last quarter, we talked about Q1 being an unusually strong margin quarter, and we said that we expected lower operating margins in the balance of the year. All the factors we said would cause margins to be lower in the balance of the year came into play in the second quarter, and that was less favorable mix, the normal January wage and salary increases, other increased spending and less favorable impact from currency.  As Keith pointed out, we're pleased with the first half performance, including margins. Segment operating margin for the first half was 18.2%, up 1.7 points compared to the first half of last year and with a related conversion margin of 42%. Although it's not shown on the slide, our trailing 4-quarter return on invested capital was 30.5%.  I'll turn to Slide 7, which summarizes the Q2 results for the Architecture & Software segment. The left side of the chart displays the sales performance. Sales increased 7% year-over-year, reaching $665 million. Currency translation reduced sales by about 1 point. Sales increased 2% sequentially in the segment.  Operating margin for the quarter was 25.2%, up 0.8 point from Q2 last year. And year-to-date, operating margin in Architecture & Software is 26.9%, up 2.2 points from last year. On Slide 8, you'll see the results for our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in the quarter were up 7% compared to Q2 last year. The increase included about 2 points of contribution from acquisitions, offset by about a 1-point reduction due to currency and with particularly strong growth in the Solutions and services businesses. Sales increased 9% sequentially in Control Products & Solutions.  Segment operating earnings were $101 million, with segment operating margin up 0.2 point from the same quarter last year. Year-to-date Control Products & Solutions operating margin is 11.5%, up 1.4 points compared to last year.  Switching to the next slide. This is a look at regional sales performance. You can see here the growth rates by region, both as reported and excluding currency effects. Keith covered most of the regional highlights in his comments. So perhaps, I'll provide just a bit more color for EMEA.  EMEA continued to deliver very good results with 12% currency-neutral growth. You can see that in the far right column. EMEA was the only region with a significant impact from acquisitions in the quarter. But excluding the effect of acquisitions, EMEA still had a very healthy 7% increase year-over-year.  I'll turn now to Slide #10, the free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $230 million. That's about 137% conversion on net income. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 75% for the full year, and that includes the impact of the $300 million discretionary pension contribution that we made in the first quarter. We would expect conversion to be about 100%, excluding the pension contribution.  And that takes us to the final slide, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '12. This slide provides a comparison of first half results to the full year guidance. Looking at the first half results, as I mentioned, we're pleased with the growth in sales, the margin performance and the EPS performance, and we're pretty much where we expected to be at the midyear point.  As Keith mentioned, with 2 quarters behind us, we have narrowed the guidance. We now expect sales for the full year in the range of $6.25 billion to $6.45 billion. That compares to the previous guidance of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion. We expect currency translation to reduce sales by 2 points for the full year. Our previous guidance assumed a 1-point decrease due to currency.  Last quarter, you may remember, we identified currency as a risk to the full year sales guidance. With another quarter of experience behind us, we're now building that into the guidance. Excluding currency effects, we expect growth for the full year of between 6% and 9%. Previous guidance was 5% to 9%.  The $50 million drop at the top end of the sales range primarily reflects the increased negative impact due to currency. At the bottom end of the sales range, we're absorbing the negative currency impact but increasing our expectation for full year organic growth by about 1 point.  We still expect segment margin to be around 18%, probably a little better. As I mentioned earlier, we're at 18.2% year-to-date, and we expect diluted EPS in the range of $5.10 to $5.40. The $0.05 reduction at the high end of the EPS range includes the more negative impact of currency. We continue to expect a full year tax rate of about 24%.  And finally, we expect general corporate net expense to be about $90 million for the full year. That's up from the previous guidance of $86 million, and the increase reflects the legacy environmental charges that were incurred in Q2.  And with that, I'll turn this back over to Rondi.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] So Deanna, let's take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ted, on incrementals. Just when you look at on year-over-year basis, a little bit below our expectations. And I just was thinking of it in terms of commodity headwind, that was pretty significant last year at this time, and you put through price as the year went on. What was the spread on price cost in the quarter? And did that have any positive benefit on margin year-over-year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think on commodity costs, we are running a little bit higher than a year ago but not outside our expectations and, I'd say, consistent with our original guidance. On price, we said we thought we would realize about 1 point, maybe a little bit less. And I would say, through the first half, we're very much on track with that. So I think price cost through the first half and in the second quarter was pretty much as we expected.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the mix with Solutions. I think you had raised that last quarter to 2 to 3 points incremental versus 1 point in the original guidance. Where are you now within the guidance for Solutions mix?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I think what we have seen through the first half and with what we've got in backlog now, it looks like Solutions growth is even going to be a little bit better than we originally thought, and Product growth just may be slightly lower than we originally thought. So that 3-point difference has now become a several-point difference.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan, Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So interested in the pickup again in Asia-Pac and in China. Can you talk a little bit about how you saw that progress through the quarter and exiting the quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Absolutely. We -- with respect to the trend in the quarter, it definitely got stronger. I think there's probably 2 reasons for that. One is, as we talked last time, there was the impact of liquidity, particularly on small and midsized customers, and China has been easing their reserve ratio in the period. But then second is just the holiday in Asia, with the Chinese New Year occurring generally a little -- in the early part of the quarter, that as we exited, we saw a stronger momentum building as we went through March. And March was very solid, which, I think, drove a lot of the performance that we talked about, improvement on a sequential basis from Q1. But I would say those 2 things with growing momentum as we exited the quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just maybe, Ted, on the incremental. So I understand that the components in 2Q, obviously, I think hit a little bit more than we thought. We all knew they were coming down from 57, came down a little more. As you think about the back half, I mean, to work towards the higher end, it looks like they have to get a little better again. So can you maybe talk about the dynamics heading into 3Q, 4Q from an incremental standpoint?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean, I think if you look at the implied incrementals for the full year now, we're kind of in the mid to high 30s. And given where we had been in the first half, that would put the second half in that same -- the high-30s range. So we're pretty comfortable with that given our expectations for volume growth in the second half, but we are going to have some headwind from mix in the second half.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So I mean -- I guess relative to this quarter, what would be the key things that are not as much pressure on the 3Q, 4Q incrementals?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think, there's going to be a contribution from volume compared to this quarter, a little bit of headwind from mix, and then there's just some other noise kind of stuff that affects quarter-to-quarter results. And when you do the conversion, you've also got the complication of what was going on in the quarter the prior year before.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. So basically, no change to kind of thinking 35-plus or something on incrementals?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think that's right.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Winnie Clark, UBS.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First of all, just quickly on end market color. Could you give us an update on what you're seeing by end market? I know transportation has been a bright spot. Does that continue to be the case? And you talked about some acceleration expected in Process end markets as well.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Let me comment on a couple of the end markets. You hit the first one, which was auto. And certainly, we felt auto was strong in the quarter, and we continue to believe that, that will help us as we go through the year. Associated with that would be tire. Tire has been a very strong market over the last, probably, 12 to 18 months now. While we're not seeing the growth there, tire is continuing to stay at the high level with just a little bit of shift of where and who's doing the investing, but the market itself continues to perform well. Oil and gas is strong pretty much across the board, and that is pretty much a continuation. Water wastewater, strong in the U.S. Mining, strong in Latin America, Canada and the South Africa, Middle East region for us, with respect to EMEA. The consumer products, consumer is a little bit mixed. When you look at it in total, the food and beverage market, a lot of the investment there is primarily in emerging markets as we go forward. Life sciences becoming a little stronger in EMEA. And then the one that's probably a little weaker within consumer is the home and personal care market at this point in time. So that gives you a little feel for the different end markets.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just within EMEA. Can you talk about, within the different areas, what you're seeing there specifically? And you talked about the export market is strong last quarter. Is that something you're still seeing?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, yes. Within EMEA, we see a continuation of what you just mentioned we talked about in Q1, and that is the strength of the exporting sector. I think the strength of the exporting sector is starting to diverge a little. And that is continued strong exports back into the U.S. but a little weakening of exports into Asia because of some of the slowdowns that were taking place there, so a little difference as we see that happening at the moment. Then we also have the phenomenon between north and south, I'll call it, Western Europe, if you will. The continuing debt crisis in the south impacting a little bit stronger into Spain and Italy now, and the north being more of the exporting region goes back to my earlier comments. And then the last point I'd make with respect to Europe would be that emerging aspects, which, for us, would be areas like Russia and Turkey, they continue to perform well in the second quarter, equally strong -- almost equally as strong as they were in our first quarter. So we see continued growth there, and then the Western Europe would be back to the earlier comments I made.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Terry Darling, Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I wonder if you could just elaborate a little bit or clarify -- it sounds like you're looking on organic for a little bit of an acceleration in the second half versus where we've been here. And I'm taking it -- from that, Ted, your comments in response to Shannon's question, but also this idea that the U.S. was impacted by comps here in the March quarter. But -- I mean, if you could just flesh that out a little bit more.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I would say, on an x currency basis, on a year-over-year basis, the current guidance would call for growth about equal in the second half to the first half. And there's probably not enough acquisition impact in either half to affect that much, so think of that as organic.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so what -- just the offset then in the context of a flatter -- so U.S. you're saying tough comp in the first quarter but something else decelerates in that mix. In other words, you’ve talked about EM getting better in the second half. That's pretty clear. So to offset that, you'd have to have a slowing in DM, and maybe that’s Europe, but...
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think that's exactly the case, Terry. I'm sorry. I didn't understand your question from a regional point of view. I mean, we do expect strong growth rates in the emerging market in the second half, and we do expect lower growth rates in the mature markets. But that's kind of what we've been talking about for a while in terms of a continuing deceleration in the mature markets as the -- just as the cycle continues to play out.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on your point with regards to margins and certain things happening in given quarters, I mean, just on CPS margins, that's really where the weakness was on our look of things. I guess it was our thought that you had very easy comps because of all the impact from material pressures and Japan supply chain issues last year. So is it really just mix going on here? Or are you seeing some pricing pressure there? I know you talked about 1 point, and that's in line. But you raised some prices in, I think, August or September that was likely to drive a better year-over-year comp, at least in the first half of the year. What else is going on at CP&S, given how easy that comp was that you didn't have a little bit stronger incremental than 15% year-over-year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I would say we got a reasonable contribution from the volume. We've got the favorable contribution for price we were expecting. And actually, I talked about being a little under 1 point. It wasn't a lot -- it wasn't much different in either of the segments. There's a negative mix impact in CP&S year-over-year, and that's basically higher Solutions growth. And we've got the spending impact that we have talked about in both segments year-over-year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And did you call that mix effect a 3-point impact? That's a revenue impact, presumably. But can you clarify how much that mix impact was?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, it would have been less than 0.5 point of margin year-over-year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, continue to sit on very strong balance sheet. Buyback has been slower in the first half of the year than the pace from last year. Are you looking to step up buyback in the second half of the fiscal year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I would say yes. I mean, obviously, our repurchases in any period are going to depend on the cash generation and what's going on with acquisition spending. But if you look at our expectations for cash flow generation this year and you back out some reasonable estimate of acquisition spending, we would expect to probably repurchase about 3 million shares this year. Obviously, we have not been at that pace in the first half. Partly in the first quarter, we stepped back a little bit because of the large pension contribution. I would say in Q2, we got a little bit of a slow start in January under a 10b5-1 plan. But our repurchases did accelerate through February and March, and we would expect to kind of be on pace through the rest of the year to get to that roughly $3 million number -- 3 million share number, I'm sorry.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Is that 3 million, Ted, is that net or gross of issuance-related options and so forth?
Theodore D. Crandall: That's gross.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell, Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. My first question, I guess, on the -- just the margin outlook. If you're looking at your gross -- let's start with, I guess, CP&S or incremental margins or your operating margins. The operating margins there have been, I guess, around 11% last year, tracking at about 11.5% this year. Last cycle, they -- operating margins, they got up to towards mid-teens. I guess is there anything this cycle versus previous that you think will cap the operating margins in that business for the next sort of couple of years that would stop you getting back to that prior peak growth rate before, let's say, 2014?
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't think I would characterize it as something that's going to cap the margins. But we do have some headwind this cycle, particularly in CP&S, compared to last cycle. Part of that is an increasing Solutions content as a percent of the total, so we've got that mix headwind we have talked about previously. And the other thing I think we’ve talked about previously is we've got substantially higher pension expense this cycle than we had last cycle. And because CP&S tends to be our more people-intensive business, it has somewhat of a disproportionate impact in that segment.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on your sort of developed market growth assumptions for the second half year-on-year. I think you've said a couple of times that, that would -- that growth rate would decelerate year-on-year in the second half compared to what you delivered in the first half. But it sounds like the U.S. may be a little bit better because of easier comps. So what sort of growth rate are you expecting for EMEA in the second half? Is that a very big step down year-on-year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean, I would say we're thinking that -- and it'll vary across our sales guidance range, obviously. But at the midpoint of the range, we're thinking the second half on an apples-to-apples basis, excluding acquisition impact, might be maybe 3 points lower than the first half.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Davis, Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Want to get a sense -- your Process business continues to be strong. And a couple of questions here. I mean, first, how much of that is -- when you think of it being up 20%, I mean, how much of that is business you're going in with partnership and with Endress+Hauser? I mean, kind of how big of a help is that? And then I have a follow-on on that as well.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, certainly, it's hard for me to say exactly how much of a help that is. But it certainly is part of the broader strategy of a -- of our Process strategy, which is we can supply a complete integrated solution, including instrumentation, when that's the way the customer wants to purchase it and to do that from an ability to provide the integration services, the maintenance services, the asset management associated with that equipment and to provide a more seamless startup for our customers. So it's part of the Process strategy. In some customers, E&H has a strong position. In some customers, Rockwell has a stronger position, and we help each other. And then we target other customers where we just want to break into that market. So it's -- I just view it as it's a good partnership, and we help each other in growing our mutual business at our common customers.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, understand. One of the things I think we're trying to figure out, if you -- byproduct of low natural gas prices, of course, we’ve got a bunch of ethylene crackers that are coming into the U.S. and other pretty large chemical projects as well. Are you guys kind of ready to step into some of these big projects or have credibility in the market to step into some of these projects and take a much larger role, as like a master automation contract or that type of thing? Or how do you kind of see that playing out?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think as far as being able to be a Main Automation Contractor, or a MAC, as you referred, we do that in a number of industries and a number of applications. And we've done that now for, certainly, over the last year or 2, particularly more outside the U.S. because, obviously, as you well know, that's where most of the greenfield and expansion had been going, particularly in the oil and gas industries. Your comments about, and specifically, to the U.S. and the expansion into large-scale chemical complexes, I would say that is one of the places that is not Rockwell Automation's sweet spot. That is very similar to what we talk about in the oil and gas segment, being refining, the bulk chemical projects. The majority of our applications there and where we do have and where we are capable and will participate is in the intelligent motor control aspects of that business, with our medium-voltage drives and motor control centers and our safety systems from a process standpoint. And there, we will become a significant participant and to work with the companies that are starting that up, that are talking about those new facilities. But when you look at the main process control, that is an area that while we have capabilities, that would not be our historical strength and, certainly, is an area that we will participate in. In the areas that I talked about, as well as our advanced process control, which is an area that we have worked with all of these companies globally on, in particular outside the U.S., and advanced process control is a capability that we do have where we're talking about reduction of process variability and improving the control of the -- of those core chemical processes with some very sophisticated modeling technologies and capabilities. So different pieces, absolutely. And we're aware of those expansions that you've referenced.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker, Sanford Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just first question on Logix and integrated architecture and the penetration rates that you're achieving. If you think about just sizing that now, I know it's not just a quarterly issue, but can you give us a little more color and flavor for that penetration and the size of the business in terms of how you see that -- playing out to the rest of the year so that we're not -- I’m not just focused only on the cycle but trying to think about your penetration share gains?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, certainly, let's take the near-end look, and that's for the remainder of the year. We would expect Logix to grow at a growth rate above the company average, and that's certainly what we're planning on. With respect to penetration, that's a larger -- well, let me just -- and we expect to see really solid high single, low double-digit growth rate for the year in Logix. As far as the penetration, we continue to expand the opportunities for Logix. So we have not -- and when I say that, I mean, we're expanding the served market for Logix, and that's what I talked about the new 2 controllers that came out. That's expanding the market that we have had -- that we cover going into OEMs, going in the process, the addition of safety, the addition of broader Ethernet capabilities, all of this is expanding the scalability and, therefore, the served market for Logix. So our penetration -- in one way, you can say it keeps going down because we keep expanding the market. So we believe we still have runway to grow Logix as we go forward, and certainly, that's one of the reasons we continue to invest in it, to be able to continue to expand the served market and, therefore, be able to continue to drive that higher growth that I talked about. And this year, for the first time, we expect Logix sales to be over $1 billion. So -- and we see no reason we can't continue to grow that above the company average into the -- certainly, the short and midterm future.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And would you say -- how big a deal is the integrator network overall in terms of -- as a growth limiter to your ability to drive this? And how much investment -- or how does that relate to your investment, particularly overseas, in building that out?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, the fact of the matter is it's not our investment to build it out, other than the people that we have on staffs to grow the relationships, because these are independent third-party companies that create the integrator network. So ours is creating the relationships and building the interfaces and the day-to-day interaction with our sales and/or channel management teams. And certainly, we don't see it as a limitation from the standpoint of we continually grow and develop it. And we talk about it, particular in Process, one of the reasons we are growing at the rate we are is that we continue to expand the integrator network, and to your point, very much so in the emerging markets. And I think the challenge is more of finding competent, talented integrators in some of the emerging markets that can support the technology and have the domain expertise to grow into some of these new markets. So I think it's more the availability issue and having the competence to continue to expand. But we are constantly evolving and growing that partner network throughout the world.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Well, you haven't changed your approach in terms of either funding -- finding promising folks who aren't system integrators yet and putting them in the business so that they can help drive your growth. I'm just trying to get a sense on the emerging market side of how big a limiter or not this is.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I don't -- we don't see it as a limiter, and we operate in 2 dimensions here. One is, if you notice some of the acquisitions we've made have been system integrators in the emerging markets so that we can get a critical mass with domain expertise. But at the same time, we're expanding the partner network so that we can work with more customers. Because at the end of the day, it's the customer that decides how they want to work here. Do they want to work with a local integrator? Or do they want to work with a Rockwell Automation who can probably provide more commonality, more standardization globally than a local system integrator could. So we try to look at that as the best of both worlds and how do we balance the growth of local integrators versus continuing to expand our solutions capability and domain expertise in the emerging markets.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. So, Keith, you talked about the divergence between CPS and A&S growth rates to several points. And I'm just wondering, is this a temporary divergence? Or are we now at the phase of the cycle where large projects are going to be the primary driver of your top line growth?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, we don't -- back to where we are in the cycle, we think we're still in a -- in the part of the cycle where we should see growth in both our Product businesses and our Solutions businesses. I think the gap that we talked about is mainly because of the -- excuse me, the slow start we had, particularly in Asia in emerging markets in our first quarter and the hole we dug with the expanded shipments we had in our fourth quarter last year. And as we rebuild that pipeline with orders, we're just seeing that order flow now come through in the second half of the year. So we're seeing some moderating in Product, but a normal expansion in our Solutions business. And we don't see that as an indication at this point yet of a movement towards end-of-cycle large projects in heavy industries. But the other part of that is, we're naturally growing our Process business. So we are seeing some of that as just the -- as far as just the natural evolution of our strategy as we go forward. So we would expect more larger projects, more in the heavy industries, particularly in the emerging markets, and some of that is just the natural evolution following our growth and performance strategy. And yet, for the remainder of the year, we still expect above-market growth in both Products and Solutions.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then coming back to the U.S. "manufacturing renaissance." It's not just the chemical and crackers. We're also seeing some tire manufacturing relocations. We're seeing some heavy manufacturing expansions. Are you starting to see that in your numbers right now? Are you starting to see that in your order flow? Or is that to come in 2013 and beyond?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we -- I would say we're not seeing that in our business at this point in time. We're starting to have the anecdotal commentary as we do our normal quarterly pulse check. I would say the U.S. organization would tell us that they're having conversations, that people are bringing it up. But we're not seeing a mass change of direction here going forward. But certainly, the topic and the interest in manufacturing in the U.S. has picked up. And I think that's good, not just for Rockwell Automation but also just for the economy in general. So conversation at this point, we would expect to -- if there is going to be an impact, that's a little longer term as far as an investment cycle that it would bring with it.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more quick one, if I may. You mentioned the prior second quarter 2011, you had a particularly large project, which I'm assuming is within CPS. Would you describe that as a particularly profitable project? Because it looked like your margins in the prior quarter were somewhat higher than they might otherwise have been.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. I would not qualify that one as a -- I think it's what we would call it to be the average of our Solutions business for us, not one that was particularly strong. So I don't think that's had any impact into year-over-year performance.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a couple of things, if I could. Just first back to China. Keith, if you said it, I missed it. Could you just tell us what China actually did in the quarter on a standalone basis? And then more importantly, I was just interested in your view on what you're seeing change to kind of bolster your outlook in the second half of the year? What end markets, what type of activity is driving that?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, first of all, I did not mention it, but China grew at 7% for us this year -- this quarter. I'm sorry, this quarter, excuse me. And that was up from negative growth last quarter. What are we seeing that's different? Well, I think a couple of things. First, our team there is doing a very good job at uncovering new customers and new applications. And that does take a little bit of time, and that's why sometimes you get a dwell period, particularly when the economy is slowing. And we have seen that in China, and I think all of the statistics point to that, which is something that you've seen. As where are we seeing this now? I think we're starting to see some of the liquidity problems working their way through the system. We would hope that, that is going to be a continuing theme as we go through the year, which is why we believe the uptake will come up. And we see a split, really, between large customers and smaller customers yet. The larger companies are getting stronger and investing more. And we still see some of the pain at those smaller customers at this point, and that's really driven because of the liquidity problems that I talked about. The other reason we think we're going to see a better second half is our front-log activity has picked up, and that really goes back to the earlier comment I made about our sales organization is working very aggressively. We believe OEMs continue to be strong for us. To be able to create new OEMs, it takes time to work with them in the design phase and the design cycle. So we're expecting a pickup with OEMs as we go forward. And just the ongoing maturity of our distributors and our system integrators will help and should always help provide some tailwind as well. But that's a -- that's also a long-term process for us as well. So I think those would be the thoughts that we have with respect to China, both current, and why we feel we will expect to see an acceleration in the second half.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just one additional point on that. Clearly, a lot of what you said is about making your own luck. I guess the liquidity stuff is more a macro comment. How much of this do you think is you driving the business versus some genuine improvement in the underlying business and market conditions there?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think if you look at the underlying market conditions, they continue to be mixed. If you look at the PMI, depending upon which one you look at, the third-party one, which tends to be most of the multinationals, is still under 50% and has been under 50% for, I think, maybe 6 or more months now. So that tells you that manufacturing is slowing. If you look at the data that they communicate, they just recently lowered their growth rates another 0.5 point. And so their exports have been impacted to some degree. So I would say the majority of our success has been us working it as opposed to the continued growth or -- at a high level of -- while the growth rates are still strong, they're declining from where they were. So it isn't like the overall business is pulling us along with it. I think we're having to work harder, and we're having to create more of our opportunities and grow more customers. And that's why I'm complimenting our team in China because it's -- while it might have been stronger market growth previously, we have certainly strong growth, but our performance, I think, indicates that the team is outperforming the underlying market there as well.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Yes, that's impressive. Just one other quick thing for me, and I'll jump off. Is there any color or anything you could share on just the state of distribution in the U.S.? Are distributors destocking, restocking? Just kind of where their head is around just kind of a general tone of activity in the U.S. market.
Theodore D. Crandall: Jeff, this is Ted. I think you know we've got pretty good visibility of North American distributor inventories. And I would say, nothing unusual going on in their inventories. They have increased proportionate to kind of what they're seeing as end demand increase. And if you look kind of at the underlying product sales in Q2 in North America, it was another very good quarter for our distributors.
Operator: And the final question will come from the line of Richard Eastman, Robert W. Baird.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Keith, could you just speak for a second to maybe the mix within the A&S business? Can you -- looking at the core growth rate of about 8%, was the Process & Software piece up more? Is that where the mix impact came versus the peripheral Products business?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think around -- Logix was slightly higher than the average. And I would say, last time, we talked a little bit -- last year at this time, we talked about motion being much stronger, and that was the inner segment mix difference at that point. But motion would have grown this year slightly under the segment average. So really, it was a pretty tight band within A&S this quarter, not a big swing between the different businesses within there. Good, solid safety growth. Obviously, solid Logix growth. And the peripheral products, which would be motion -- really motion and sensing, motion slightly under and sensing basically right at.
Theodore D. Crandall: Rick, in the year-over-year causal, margin causal on A&S, there really wasn't much of a -- there wasn't much of a significant mix impact.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So in the 80 bps improvement, that's not necessarily mix. It's more volume and leverage?
Theodore D. Crandall: Correct.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then could I just ask in terms of the orders on the Solutions piece of CP&S, was order growth -- how did that look in the quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: The book to bill was 1.1 in the quarter. So once again, 2 very good quarters of above 1 growth in our Solutions business, which is why, basically, Ted commented about the second half and the mix shift favoring more to Solutions. It's because of that backlog that we built after getting ourselves to hold in the third and fourth quarter of last year.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I understand. And then just as a related question. I’m going to relate this just so I can sneak it in. But the growth investment in the second quarter, we had talked in the first quarter that you basically delayed some of the first quarter growth investment. Did -- if you look at that, the growth investment that you made in the second quarter, does that kind of true up your year-to-date investments? In other words, was it heavier in the second quarter since we kind of delayed the first quarter investment?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, there were 2 things. When we talk about spending Q1 to Q2, so sequential change, probably the largest impact was just the merit increases that we normally put through in January. There was additional incremental spending increase sequentially beyond that. I don't think I would say we caught up year-to-date from some under-spending in Q1. If anything, we're probably still a little bit below where we thought we would be for the first half.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. That's going to conclude today's call. I'm available for follow-up calls, and so thank you again.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thank you, Quanda. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible now at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the first quarter and some full year outlook commentary. Then Ted will provide more details around the first quarter and our guidance for fiscal 2012. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We know this will be a busy earnings day for all of you. I'm sure it's been a busy couple of weeks already. So we'll try and get through the call in less than an hour today. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. The first portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter, so please turn to page 4 in the slide deck. Quarter 1 was a story of great earnings growth on good but uneven sales results. On the sales front, in a continued uncertain global environment, we were pleased with 8% year-over-year organic growth. But there were mixed results by region. Europe, the region you might expect to be the weakest, was strong. And Asia, the region you would expect to be strong, was the weakest. I believe that during this period of moderating sales growth rates, we will continue to see mixed growth rates by region, as uncertain economic conditions, solutions, lumpiness and prior year comparisons have a greater impact on growth rates.  Earnings per share in the quarter increased 22% compared to Q1 last year, which is pretty remarkable given sales growth of 8%. Don't expect earnings conversion that strong every quarter, but we'll take credit for it this time. And return on invested capital, on an after-tax basis, continues to be very strong at 31.5%. On balance, I call it a very good start to the fiscal year. That was a quick summary.  So let me share some highlights of the quarter, a few other highlights of the quarter. It was another great quarter in Latin America. The team there continues to successfully execute our growth and performance strategy, mining and oil and gas opportunities remain strong, and we are on track to start up production at our new facility in Brazil in the fourth quarter. In spite of deteriorating economic conditions, we had 13% sales growth in EMEA in quarter 1. About 4 points of this growth is from our recent acquisitions, which are performing well. We continue to see a divergence in the economic climate between Northern and Southern Europe, but we are well positioned throughout the region to outperform the underlying markets.  On the other side of the coin, Asia sales were flat in the quarter. Some of that was due to tough comps from quarter 1 last year and some from the hole that we dug in our solutions business with the great fourth quarter that we put on the board.  In emerging Asia, in quarter 1, inflation concerns and liquidity issues dampened investment. However, quarter growth in the quarter outpaced sales growth, and we did build backlog in our solutions businesses. We are optimistic that China and India will take action to stimulate growth in the remainder of the year. So even though underlying growth rates have slowed, we remain confident that over the long term, emerging Asia will be the highest growth automation market, and we will continue to invest there.  I was really pleased to see 22% growth in process this quarter. We are gaining traction with PlantPAx and are winning larger process orders across a broad spectrum of applications in all regions. Process remains our greatest growth opportunity and we are executing well.  Orders were very good in the quarter, and the book to bill in our solutions business was almost 1.3. I don't talk to investors a lot about our operations and engineering services organization, but they are doing a great job. We have a number of metrics to assess their performance on dimensions like on-time delivery, productivity and quality, and they are delivering on all fronts.  I want to take this opportunity to thank them for their contributions to improving our customer's experience, which leads directly to higher levels of customer loyalty. And customer loyalty is one of the most important measures of our success. Let me share our thoughts on the remainder of the year. The global economic picture is still cloudy. Economic indicators in the U.S. are mixed and forecasts for Europe are deteriorating. Growth rates in the emerging markets are moderating. Customers’ CapEx spending plans vary widely across industries and regions. Despite this uncertainty, we expect the recovery to continue in 2012. We feel great about our market position and our growth opportunities, and we will continue to invest in innovation and differentiation.  With one quarter behind us, and given our current assessment of global economic conditions, we are not changing our sales outlook for the year. Based on fiscal 2012 projected sales of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion, we are reaffirming fiscal 2012 earnings per share guidance of $5.05 to $5.45. Although we may see uneven results throughout the year, sales and earnings in our guidance range would represent another record year for the company.  I'd like to close by thanking all of the employees and partners of Rockwell Automation. I am pleased by how well our ecosystem, that is our partners, businesses, functions, regions and cultures, how they all come together to serve our customers and deliver great business performance. We know how to be flexible and collaborative and responsive to customer needs. That is what will enable us to grow and deliver superior returns to our shareholders. Here's Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2012. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. My comments will reference the slides that have been posted to the website. So I'll start with Slide #5, which is the Q1 results summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1,474,000,000, as Keith noted, up 8% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The year-over-year impact of currency fluctuations reduced sales by about 1 point, and we experienced about a 1 point contribution from acquisitions.  Segment operating earnings were $284 million, an increase of 28% compared to $222 million a year ago. General corporate net expense was $20.9 million compared to $15.7 million in Q1 last year. General Corporate net expense was lower in the first quarter of last year, primarily due to the sale of an investment.  The effective tax rate in the quarter was 24.5%. Diluted earnings per share was $1.27, a 22% increase compared to $1.04 last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was $143.9 million. And we purchased approximately 122,000 shares in the first quarter at a cost of about $8 million. Moving to Slide 6. This is the total company results for the first quarter. As I noted on the prior slide, the year-over-year sales increase in Q1 was 8%. Sales declined sequentially by 11%. Currency translation accounted for about 2 points of that sequential decline.  It's pretty typical for us to experience a sequential decline from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, but the 9% decline excluding currency is more significant than usual. We had unusually strong sales in the fourth quarter, particularly in the solutions businesses. And as we've discussed at the last earnings call, and as Keith mentioned, that created something of a hole in shipments for us in the first quarter.  If you eliminate the currency impact and normalize Q1 for the unusually strong fourth quarter shipments, you get to a more typical sequential decline.  Moving to the earnings side of the chart, a very significant improvement year-over-year. Operating margin expanded by 3 points. The margin improvement reflects a very strong contribution from volume leverage. We also experienced lower performance-based compensation expense year-over-year. We talked about the tailwind from that when we provided guidance in November. We realized a modest positive impact from price, pretty much as we expected. And these improvements were partially offset by increased spending.  Conversion margins for the quarter was 57%, and that's extraordinarily good. But to echo Keith's comments, don't get too excited, this is likely to be the best quarter of the year for conversion margin. As we expected, lower performance-based compensation expense helped to boost the conversion margin. But also, in the first quarter, currency effects improved conversion margin. Currency caused a 1-point sales decline but with a small positive net operating earnings contribution.  The quarterly earnings impact of currency variations can be very variable, and this was an unusually good quarter. You might recall, we had a couple of quarters last year where currency was a drag on our conversion performance.  Spending didn’t increase at the rate that we had reflected in our guidance. That was another important factor in the conversion performance. And for the balance of the year, we're expecting lower conversion margin based on increased spending, less favorable mix going forward and a more typical impact from currency effects. On a different note, though it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 31.5%.  Now please turn to Slide 7, which summarizes the Q1 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, sales increased 6% year-over-year. Currency translation reduced sales by 1 point. Sales were down 5% sequentially, but currency accounted for about 2 points of that decline.  Operating margins for the quarter was 28.6%. That's up 3.7 points from Q1 last year, a very strong incremental margin performance, basically reflecting the items that I discussed on the previous slide, but also a more favorable sales mix in this segment compared to fourth -- first quarter last year.  The next slide, 8, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in the quarter were up 10% compared to last year. The increase included about 2 points of contribution from acquisitions, offset by about 1 point reduction due to currency. The product portion of Control Products & Solutions grew year-over-year at about the same rate as the Architecture & Software segment. The solutions and services businesses grew about 11%, excluding currency and acquisitions.  Sales declined 15% sequentially, about 2 points due to currency, and with solutions and services declining substantially more than products as expected given the very high solutions shipments in the fourth quarter of last year. Segment operating earnings increased 42% year-over-year with a related 2.6 point improvement in operating margin. Switching to the next slide, this provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, excluding currency effects.  A very good growth in the U.S. and Canada at 8% and 11%, respectively, and continued high growth in Latin America at 14%. EMEA came in at 13%, that would be 9% excluding acquisitions. And this was the only region significantly affected by acquisitions this quarter. And then very unusual to see Asia basically flat year-over-year.  Looking across the regions. I think it would be fair to say that Canada and EMEA outperformed expectations in Q1; EMEA especially, given the macro economic challenges in that market, and Asia Pacific underperformed. Keith talked about some of the reasons for the underperformance in his comments. Maybe the one thing I would reinforce is that we do expect to see improvement in Asia Pacific sales performance in the balance of the year, and in the longer term, we continue to believe that the emerging markets in Asia remain one of our best growth opportunities. I'll turn now to Slide 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was a use of cash of $211 million that included a $300 million pretax discretionary contribution to our U.S. pension trust. Q1 is typically a weaker cash flow quarter. First quarter this year was particularly low due to the pension contribution and the payout of a larger-than-normal performance-based compensation that was earned and expensed in the last fiscal year. You can see that impact in the compensation and benefits line on this statement.  Despite the slow start in Q1, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 75% for the full year, including the impact of the discretionary pension contribution, and we would expect conversion to be about 100%, excluding the pension contribution.  And that takes us to the final slide, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '12. As Keith mentioned, we're reaffirming guidance. We continue to expect sales to be in the range of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion. Excluding currency effects, that revenue range represents growth for the full year of between 5% and 9%. We expect currency to reduce growth by about 1 point for the full year. That's the same as our previous guidance. However, if rates remain and if currency rates remain at the current level for the balance of the year, we have some risk to the sales outlook.  In that case, we would expect to face an additional sales headwind of about one more point. We still expect segment margin to be about 18%, and we expect diluted EPS in the range of $5.05 to $5.45. We continue to expect a full year tax rate of about 24%. And finally, we continue to expect General Corporate net expense to be about $86 million for the full year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Rondi.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great, Ted, thanks. [Operator Instructions] So Quanda, I will turn it over to you to open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Inch with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm wondering, is there a way we could quantify the impact of lower comp expense this quarter versus last year? I'm not sure if this -- Ted, you could put some sort of numbers around that.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean, you might remember in November we talked about that being a $50 million tailwind for the year. And I would say the first quarter was reasonably represented with that full year result.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So like, is the first quarter disproportionately high versus the year or you just divide the $50 million by 4?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think it's pretty close to dividing the $50 million by 4.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So your commentary, Ted or Keith, about expecting lower profit conversion, why again is that likely to be realized? I mean, you've got kind of the impact of the price, and assuming solutions don't have the sort of air pocket necessarily or the benefit -- the impact of the air pocket is going to get kind of less over the course of the year, why do profit conversions then -- I realize it’s a high number but is there something else that is obvious here?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, no, I would say I talked about this a little bit in my comments, John. But it is basically, going forward, we would expect less favorable mix. We think we’ll have a richer solutions content in sales going forward. We do expect to ramp up spending. And we got a little bit of a slow start in that regard in Q1, so we think it's going to ramp -- likely ramp at a rate that exceeds the sales growth as we go forward. We think we're going to have a less favorable currency result in the future quarters as well. And then the last factor, I think, would be that our merit increase will kick in beginning in January.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That make sense. But can I ask you about EMEA? Given that -- I mean, obviously the results are terrific, and probably match what the hard data says today about the German economy. But then, Keith, you called out the expectations of -- I think, Europe's slowing, and clearly, the German leading indicators look down. I mean, what are your thoughts with respect to your guidance for EMEA over the course of the rest of the year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. With respect to Europe, we would expect Europe to basically be flat to slightly down as the year progresses based upon just what you commented on and that's the economic environment there. Certainly, we benefited in the exporting parts of the economy, which are still strong in Europe, and that is a plus for Rockwell Automation. So that's -- we do see the slowing. We expect it to slow as the year progresses. And that's what is baked into our guidance.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And, Keith, just lastly, are you worried about price-based competition in Europe as the macro slows?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, I think, we're always worried about price-based competition. That's basically -- the fundamental strategy of Rockwell Automation is value-based selling, and that may become a little more difficult. But it's the total cost of ownership that we focus on. And of that, the acquisition price is the smallest piece. So we continue to focus on differentiation, and that's driven by the innovation that we have in our technology and our differentiation in our go-to-market -- market access model. So it's always there. It's real, but we think with the innovation and the differentiation, that we can offset the natural tendency for just having a competition on price.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On the geographic discussion in terms of how the regions played out versus expectations. I'm wondering if you could give us a little more color on how you felt the U.S. performed up 8% versus expectations. And any timing issues that may be related there?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, the U.S. was strong, and we certainly think that at this point in the recovery, 8% year-over-year growth is very solid performance. We believe that MRO spending and medium and small project spending remain strong. There is also a continued strength of the OEM business here and their backlog continues to be strong, although limited in duration, but still continues to be operating at a reasonably high level. And we're also seeing some strength in the heavy industries, oil and gas, in particular, and a little bit, although it's a small market today, pulp and paper, has a little bit of strength in it. And transportation continues to remain strong, and we believe that will be a strong market throughout the year. And I think you're seeing that in some of the commentary, particularly around the investments, that General Motors is planning to make over the short to mid-term.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So overall, in line with your expectations on the Q1, I guess, is what I hear. And can you call out what auto was just in the U.S. on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I don't think we have a specific auto number. I would say it was probably slightly better than the same quarter of last year, and that's just based upon looking at the number of projects and the wins that we had previously. So at this point, I think auto is probably a net positive on a year-over-year basis.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So Keith, I guess, where I'm going with that -- I think our CapEx work across all the auto OEMs would suggest about a 10% year-over-year CapEx increase. If you're just slightly positive on a year-over-year basis, does that imply that you might see an acceleration in the rate of improvement in your auto business over the balance of the year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. When I say slightly positive, I mean above company average.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Above company average. That's probably in line with that 10%.
Keith D. Nosbusch: [indiscernible] about that rate that you identified. And unfortunately, the automotive is one of the examples of the definition of uneven. And that plays out mixed over the year. And each quarter is just that, a quarter, but we certainly are optimistic about the industry. And the timing is always something that is very difficult to call in the automotive sector.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Ted, on the incremental margin discussion, where are we on price cost at this point in the first quarter? And are we fully seeing the September 1 price increase, number one, sticking, and number two, reflected in the incrementals at this point?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, as we talked about -- I think, it was the last earnings call, when we implement that price, we've got a lot of customers who are under contract that renew over the course of the year. So it's kind of a progress through the year in that regard. We were anticipating, realizing about a point, maybe a little bit less than that this year price. I would say we think we're on track with that in the first quarter.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the -- within the pieces of guidance, the about 18% segment operating margin, I mean, I think to get to 18% for the full year after a 19.3% first quarter number, you've got to be sub-25% or so for the rest of the year. And you've got a very easy comp in the March quarter, as you know, because of all the issues with Japan and price cost in that quarter. So is the right way to think about where your thinking is on calibrating the guidance, you're still in that 5% to 9% range. Maybe you've come off the high end there and you're thinking segment margins about 18%. There's the sort of an implicit plus on the other side of 18% or am I missing something there?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think, instead of thinking about conversion margin in the balance of the year, think about total operating margin. And to get back to 18%, given the first quarter performance, would have to be in the high 17s on average, the balance of the year, or close to 18% maybe. And so we've gone through the factors that we think are going to result in lower operating margin in the balance of the year. But all of that being said, starting off with a 19.3% quarter, if anything -- maybe we're likely to do a little bit better in operating margin performance for the year, so about 18% now maybe means a little bit better than 18% instead of a little bit worse than 18%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you just comment a little bit more on what was the favorable mix within A&S in the quarter? I mean, I get the solutions points on the Control Products & Solutions. But within A&S, it sounded like there was also favorable year-over-year mix. What was the driver of that?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, the majority of the driver of that was stronger controller sales and weaker, or I should say, lower motion sales. And that's something that really worked against us the first couple of quarters of last year. And this year, with the introduction of some of the new controllers and the expansion, some of the geographic expansion, we're driving a little higher growth. And with OEMs starting -- not starting -- at a saturation level, we're not seeing quite a strong a growth in motion as we did at the earlier point in the recovery. So it's really simply within the controller software area of the business versus more of the product -- heavy electrical product side of the segment. So...
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, thanks, that helps. And then, just in terms of you mentioned traction on PlantPAx and your positive, obviously, quarter again for process. I mean, coming out of the Automation Fair, et cetera, I mean, what have you heard from customers or what are you seeing incrementally that makes you feel good about the traction you're getting there?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, a couple of things, the continued expansion of the applications that we can address with the platform. So as we talked at the fair, the evolution of PlantPAx 2.0, and that is starting to now be utilized more and more in projects and in applications. So the expansion of applications, the continued buildout of our capabilities in each region with our sales organization and our solutions organization and the capabilities that we've developed with our partners, additional system integrators that are using the products in there to meet their customer needs as well. So I would say the continued expansion of the product capabilities and functionality, the maturing of our sales organization and the execution of the sales organization and then further expansion of our partners, and then as we have talked, meeting system integrators, and then as we have talked, we continue to work with other partners such as E&H with the capabilities in instrumentation, and that combination creates the opportunity in addition to replacing legacy DCS systems which continues to be a opportunity for us, given the age of that installed base and the growing capabilities of our platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to catch up, I guess, on what's going on in your Asia business and maybe China in particular. Because I guess there was a sense in which -- I think previously you had been saying China might see an accelerating growth rate in December versus September in terms of sales because of the backlog that you had. But it does seem as if there were some maybe pushouts, maybe some projects, recognition issues or something around working capital. I think ABB several times late last year talked about some working capital issues in markets like China. So could you perhaps just give an update on what your main sort of customer segments are doing in China? And you did say orders obviously did grow stronger than sales in the December quarter and maybe how you've see the kind of short-cycle business trend in the last couple of months there.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, as we said, and as you commented, China was a tough comparison in particular in the quarter because of the 40% growth that we had last year. And so what we're seeing there is -- let me just start with some of the macroeconomic to just characterize it a little bit. The PMI there, which is a sentiment indicator, over the last quarter and a little over a quarter has been hovering right around 50%, which means basically limited growth. And so I think what we're seeing is we're now starting to feel the reflection of that indice [ph]. And certainly, that's something that we've talked about, and obviously, what else is going on there is a little bit of a tightening of the fiscal and monetary policies that are create -- that have a negative impact on growth. And now we see the government talking about changing that around to reignite their industry. So we continue to see good strength in the automotive sector. We continue to see positive OEM business in China. And certainly, oil and gas is a growth area going forward. So I would say it's a combination of some of their activities in transportation and then a few of the more heavy industries are well. But we're also seeing a slowdown in some of the government specter, government spending areas, the infrastructure, and some of the metals and cements. So in some of those areas, less optimism, but continued strength in some of the core areas for Rockwell, which is why we believe the remainder of the year will drive growth in China and in emerging Asia.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so I guess for China, you still think you can grow your sales sort of mid-teens in fiscal '12?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think mid-teens will be difficult now. I think we're talking now probably high-single digits, low-double digits would be what our expectation is at this point given our Q1 performance and the ability to ramp up. We have very good solutions orders, but those will take a while to move through the system. So it'll be hard to get all of that into the remainder of this year. So we think high-single, low-double digit is what we have baked into our guidance for China.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just very quickly on the sort of the -- on a global basis, your kind of the products business, obviously mostly in Architecture & Software, I mean, have you seen any kind of notable gyrations in that sort of on a monthly basis in the last sort of 3 or 4 months or it's been fairly stable?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think our products businesses have been reasonably stable and typical for the period. And what I mean by that is, obviously, there's the typical slowdowns as we exit the month of December. And we didn't see anything unusual in that regard. And I would say they're operating as we would have expected and no surprises at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Winnie Clark with UBS.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So you talked about currency potentially being a bit of a bigger headwind for the year, around 1%. Is there any way to give us a comparable earnings impact?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I mean, I think, roughly, it's probably about $0.05.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then in terms of buyback. I mean, you repurchased a little bit less than you had been over the course of fiscal '11. Obviously, you had the pension contribution. Is there a way to think about potentially going back to the run rate you saw last year over the next few quarters?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, coming into the year, we were expecting to get at least enough shares to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. I think, we believe we're still on that track. Q1 obviously is a slow start for us. But in part, that was because we knew we had the large pension contributions plus the payout of incentive comp and it was going to be a relatively negative cash flow quarter, and so we just went a little bit slower at the start of the year. But I would say we're still on track generally for repurchases that we were expecting coming into the year.
Winifred Clark - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, lastly, on terms of cadence of CapEx spending. You talked about the potential for some CapEx delays early in the calendar year as customers go through their budgeting process. Is it fair to say that you're just not really seeing that or is there still some expectation given uncertainty that you could see some of that as we progress through the year?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, Winnie, I think when we talked about that, it was in reference to our Q2, which would be the first quarter for many -- most of our customers who are on a calendar year. And so it's a little bit early to make the call on whether we're going to see that or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Keith, I just wanted to dig in to the strength you saw in the EMEA. You seem to -- you said it came in large part in some export markets, which suggests some of the machine OEM sectors, and I'm trying to square the circle with weakness we've seen in Asia yet strength in the export markets. I'm just wondering, does that indicate an acceleration in Asia or are there other factors there. Again, you seem to indicate you gained some share there, so maybe if you can just comment on that as well.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think there's a lot of factors in Asia that are playing out. And I certainly don't believe the exporting power of Europe and Germany is core to the, I think, the bigger issues inside of particularly emerging Asia, which really boils down to inflation and tightening of the money supply or I should say, raising interest rates. I think they've managed to slow growth, and I think that was the strategy. And they've been successful. And now their concern is perhaps they went too far. And I think at least we're hearing the conversations of more stimulus and more government intervention, particularly in China, less so in India, but it's a similar situation. So I think it's more of those financial and economic areas that are impacting emerging Asia at this point in time. And then your other question was with respect to market share. We do believe we are growing share in the machine OEM market in Europe. And I think our growth in both our controllers and our motion platforms, as well as the continued expansion of our customer base there, is a positive sign of that, and basically, a continuation of the strategy that we started a couple of years ago. And our team in Europe is executing very well in that regard.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe, Ted, as we go through into 2Q, 3Q, EMEA slows down to a flat cadence covering Asia Pacific. Obviously, a lot of moving parts. Solutions has bounced around as well. But how does that shake out in terms of the 5% to 9%, 8% this quarter. Do we weaken from here and then re-accelerate? I mean, can you just provide some color on that?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think we have -- sequentially, we will have to see some incremental growth to each quarter in order to get to that 5% to 9% range. Obviously, it's not a lot of sequential growth at the low end of the range.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But that's normal, isn't it? You normally see sequential growth from 1Q?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I would say that's normal.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And any suggestion that you wouldn't see that at this stage?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, obviously, not because we left the guidance as it is. I mean, we have gone through at the end of January our normal process of debriefing the sales organization and kind of doing our assessment on each of the regional markets and each of the vertical markets. And right now, all that we are hearing leads us to believe that, that sales guidance is still appropriate.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just, finally, just another crack at the balance sheet question. You're virtually net debt free right now. The pension issue is behind you. Do you plan to become a bit more aggressive in terms of redeploying capital?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think what we do in terms of specifically share repurchase or even dividend in the balance of the year is going to be partly based on what we are doing in terms of acquisitions and what we see on operating cash flows. But I think the expectations we set in November around share repurchase for the year -- we believe that's still a very appropriate level, given what we're expecting in cash flow for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Keith, I wanted to double check the solutions' book to bill you mentioned about 1.3 in the quarter. Was that for the overall business or was that specific to Asia?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, that was specific for our solutions businesses at total for -- in global.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Total. Have you seen any pushouts of -- there were some -- you alluded a little bit to Asia. And some of these bookings on the solutions side, do they have longer deliveries? Or are you seeing any pushouts in terms of expected delivery days?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, we have not seen pushouts anywhere in the globe at this point in time. My comment about Asia was strictly given that the orders came in, in the first quarter, they would not all be shipped within our fiscal year, and that would be a normal cycle. So nothing unusual was intended for my commentary other than a typical -- some projects are within 6 to 9 months, others are 12 to 18, and they tend to flow greater than just 1 fiscal year, particularly when you get them in that fiscal year.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. So would you just define your front log? When you’ve talked about it in the past in terms of taking the pulse of customers and sales force, how would you define the tone of the front log at this point in time?
Keith D. Nosbusch: We would define it as customers are still talking about opportunities. They're still talking about projects. They're still looking for quotations. We have not seen a change in, I'll call it the presales activity, whether it be in our project or our product businesses. So -- and I think that goes back to Ted's comment that he made about the normal quarterly reviews that we do. There was really nothing that said danger on the horizon. We're going to go off a cliff, obviously, cautious, which is typical at the start of a new calendar year for many of our customers. And I think that's certainly something that we'll stay close to. But all of that analysis is what went into us reaffirming our guidance for the year.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, Keith, when you look forward, there's been a change in the government of China's kind of tone toward subsidies especially on the auto side, kind of favoring local Chinese auto companies over multinationals or foreign companies in terms of tax subsidies and just subsidies in general. Does that have any impact on your business over the next couple of years? Are you...
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, I don't know exactly how that will all be integrated into their activities. But what I can say is we've made a very conscious decision to work with the leading Chinese auto manufacturers and it’s core to our automotive strategy in Europe -- in China. And we certainly expect -- and we already are doing business with the leading indigenous manufacturers. So we don't see that as a fundamental change in the way we've been operating or expect to be able to be successful with the leading Chinese car manufacturers. So...
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Quanda, we're going to take one last caller.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ted or Keith, on the solutions mix, as we think about this year, I think the guidance assumed a little bit of a headwind from solutions. Is that more significant now or about the same relative to your thoughts in November?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I mean, I think in November, we were expecting solutions growth to outpace product growth in the year maybe by 1 point. I think as we look at it now, we think it might be more like a couple to 3 points.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then your comment on Europe, Keith, regarding flat to down. That's the assumption for the macro, right? I know you have a fairly difficult comp in Europe year-over-year in terms of sales and you had a very good growth number here this quarter. But the flat to down, the comment, that's the macro comment, right, you expect to grow?
Keith D. Nosbusch: That's correct. That's a correct statement. We still expect to grow.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just, Ted, on accelerated depreciation in the quarter, was there any benefit that was noticeable?
Theodore D. Crandall: This is -- we're having this discussion in the last couple of quarters. There's nothing that we saw either in the order trends in the quarter or that we heard when we debrief the sales organization that would lead us to believe there was a significant impact in the quarter.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And final one is on the FX comment. So coming off a point if exchange rates stay the same, so that hurts top line growth, but doesn't it potentially support margin a little bit? Just because you have that impact this quarter whereas it turned out to be a little bit favorable. So if it hits the revenue line a little bit, does that actually be a little bit margin positive for you?
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, actually, I think what I was trying to make clear was I think the result we got in currency this quarter was unusually favorable. I would say typically, what I'd expect to see on the drop from sales to earnings related to currency translation is a conversion of about 15% to 20%. So to the extent that our underlying conversion is higher than that, you're right, that would help conversion margin a little bit. But the other point I want to make is that currency impact can just be very variable quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Rohr-Dralle for closing remarks.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. I really don't have any closing remarks other than just to thank all of you. And anyone that wants to follow up, please give us a call, and I'll be available all day. So thanks for joining us today, and that concludes today's call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you and good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please proceed.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Stacey. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. As always, with me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year, plus his reflections on fiscal '11 and the year ahead. Then Ted will provide more details around the fourth quarter and full year results and our guidance for fiscal 2012. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks.  We expect the call today to take about an hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. The first portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter and the full year, so please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. The fourth quarter capped to be a year of outstanding sales and earnings performance. All regions performed extremely well. In the emerging markets, year-over-year growth rates moderated as we anticipated and discussed on the last earnings call, but sequential growth was solid at 14%. Great execution in our solutions businesses resulted in a very strong quarter for the Control Products & Solutions segment. On total company sales growth of 22%, earnings per share grew more than 50% to $1.39. So in every dimension, another excellent quarter. We have a lot to be proud of in 2011. In the midst of pockets of economic turmoil, social unrest and natural disasters, we hit on all cylinders. For the full year, we had record sales of $6 billion and now have exceeded peak sales from the previous cycle. Logix sales grew 29%, reflecting the success of our plant-wide optimization strategy and continued penetration both in process applications and with OEM customers. Emerging markets grew over 30%, reaching 22% of total sales despite strong sales growth in the U.S. and Europe. Sales growth for the year of 24% is noteworthy. Our earnings per share growth of 57% more than double our sales growth rate is even more impressive. Continued strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet enabled us to fund organic growth, make 2 acquisitions, significantly increased the dividend for the second consecutive year, repurchase 4 million shares and made $450 million in discretionary U.S. pension contributions in September and October. The performance this past year is evidence that not only is the strategy right, but our team is executing extremely well. I want to thank our employees for their dedication in making this year possible and our customers and partners for their continued support. Let me shift gears and talk about the future. Although it is hard to know exactly how this business cycle will play out in the near term, the long-term outlook is bright for the automation market and for Rockwell Automation in particular. There is an ongoing need for automation investment in developed markets to drive productivity and manufacturing flexibility, to address safety and sustainability needs of customers and to replace an aging installed base.  In emerging markets, the case for automation is even more compelling. There still is a need for infrastructure investment such as metro systems, port facilities and Water Wastewater treatment plants. Oil and gas and mining investment remains healthy and is critical to the economic development of emerging markets. Rising standards of living, including a rapidly growing middle class will increase a need for consumer products manufacturing, and wage inflation is a natural tailwind for automation investment. The time I spent with customers reinforces my confidence that we are extremely well positioned to capitalize on these trends. Our relentless focus on developing innovative solutions to our customers' business needs enables us to constantly expand the opportunities available to us.  Let me give you a flavor of the broad range of applications for our technology. Our PlantPAx system used to standardize process control for resin reactors used in paint manufacturing for a customer with 12 plants around the world; a turnkey solution for control and remotely monitoring various bitumen extraction sites spread across northern Canada; a complete solution, including design, engineering, commissioning, validation and product trials for a manufacturer of baby milk in China; an integrated process in power control system for high altitude mining in the Andes; and converting a European tire machine builder to a common platform for motion, safety and control. Our customers look to us for our innovative designs, deep domain expertise and thought leadership. We are committed to supporting our customers from the idea stage through the total life cycle of their automation investment. I have never seen better alignment across our global organization around our strategic priorities. We care about how customers judge our performance just as we care about how investors judge our performance. We are confident that when we satisfy our customers, our shareowners benefit. So let me give you our thoughts on fiscal 2012. The global economic picture is pretty cloudy these days. In mature markets, the outlook is for low and uneven growth. Some are even predicting a mild recession in Europe. In emerging markets, growth rates are expected to moderate. Customers are spending now, but we are hearing a more cautious tone about their spending outlook. It's possible that customers may adopt a wait-and-see attitude on CapEx in early calendar 2012. Despite this uncertainty, we expect the recovery to continue in 2012. We feel great about our market position and our opportunities. We have demonstrated success in our key growth accelerators and our new product pipeline is as robust as it has ever been.  With all of that in mind for fiscal 2012, we are projecting sales of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion, growth of 5% to 9%, excluding currency. Based on this sales outlook, we are providing fiscal 2012 earnings per share guidance of $5 to $5.05 to $5.45. We enter fiscal '12 from a position of strength, technology leadership, talented and dedicated employees, expanding opportunities and a strong financial position. We will remain flexible and adjust to the underlying economic environment as appropriate.  We proved during the downturn in 2009 and the recovery in 2010 that our management team is nimble and knows how to take actions that balance the long-term health of the company with short-term economic realities. Our strategic priorities remain the same, and we will continue to invest in our best growth opportunities. Before I wrap up, I hear that we are expecting a full house at the Investor Meeting during Automation Fair in Chicago next week. For those of you haven't been to an Automation Fair, we expect to host over 10,000 customers and partners from all over the world, and it's a great opportunity for us to showcase our capabilities, provide technical training and facilitate best practice sharing among customers. We will take you on a hosted tour of the show floor and then hold a webcast, where you will learn more about our strategy and how we help our customers, from me, Frank Kulaszewicz, the head of our Architecture & Software segment; Blake Moret, the head of our Control Products & Solutions segment; and John McDermott, the leader of our Global Sales and Marketing team. We are really pleased that so many of you are taking advantage of this opportunity to learn more about us, and we look forward to seeing you there. So with that, I will turn it over to Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2012. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start with the Q4 results summary that's on Page 5. Sales in the quarter were $1,654,000,000, an increase of 22% compared to Q4 last year. The year-over-year impact of currency translation increased sales in the quarter by approximately 4 points and acquisitions added about another point. Segment operating earnings were $298 million, an increase of 45% compared to last year. General corporate net was $22.2 million, that's down from $27.4 million a year ago. And the effective tax rate in the quarter was 21.2%. Diluted earnings per share was $1.39, an increase of 53% compared to $0.91 in Q4 last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was $144.4 million. And in Q4, we repurchased 1.3 million shares at a cost of approximately $78 million. For the full year, we repurchased a total of 4 million shares at a cost of $299 million. Turning to Page 6 now, on our Q4 results, Rockwell Automation total. On the left side of this slide, you can see the sales results for the past several quarters. It's been a steady upward trend with a particularly strong sequential increase in Q4. As I noted on a previous slide, in Q4 sales were up 22% year-over-year and they were also up 9% sequentially.  Moving to earnings on the right side of the chart, consistent and significant improvement in earnings as well. Segment operating margins has continued to expand and increase by 2.9 points year-over-year to 18%. Sequentially, operating margin improved by 6/10 of a point. The year-over-year improvement and operating margin reflects volume leverage, partially offset by mix and increased spending to support growth. I'll cover this in more detail later, but our solutions businesses had a great quarter and that sales mix created a bit of headwind to operating margin in Q4. The year-over-year incremental margin was about 31%. That's an improvement from Q3 as we reflected in our guidance last quarter. We experienced higher conversion margin in both segments. Although it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing 4 quarter return on invested capital was 31.6%, another record result. Moving on to Page 7. This slide summarizes the fourth quarter results of the Architecture & Software segment. Architecture & Software sales were $683 million in the quarter, a year-over-year sales increase of 19%. That included about 5 points of growth due to currency translation. Sequentially, sales increased by 2%. Operating margin in this segment for the quarter was 26%, that's up 3.7 points compared to Q4 last year. So a very good quarter in all respects for Architecture & Software.  The next slide, Page 8, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. CP&S sales in Q4 were $971 million, a very strong year-over-year increase of 24%. About 4.5 points of the increase was due to currency translation and about 1.5 points from acquisitions. I mentioned earlier the strong sales results in our solutions businesses. We had extraordinary execution in these businesses for the quarter. Sales in our solutions and services businesses increased by 27% year-over-year while sales for the product portion of Control Products & Solutions increased 21%. We normally experience significant growth in the Control Products & Solutions segment from Q3 to Q4, but this year was particularly strong with 15% sequential growth. Moving to the right side of the slide, segment operating earnings increased 57% year-over-year, and we saw significant operating margin expansion year-over-year and sequentially.  Page 9 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, which displays the year-over-year growth excluding currency effects, just a great growth across all regions. The strongest growth was in the Americas. The U.S. and Canada had a really strong end to the year. Latin America grew 23% year-over-year, and we were pleased to see another very solid quarter from EMEA and Asia-Pacific, with growth in the mid-teens. As Keith mentioned, emerging market growth rates decelerated a bit this quarter on a year-over-year basis but still healthy in the high-teens excluding currency, and that result is consistent with the expectations we've discussed on the third quarter earnings call. I'll turn now to Page 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $137 million, and that represents conversion on net income of 68%. The free cash flow result includes the impact of $150 million pretax contribution in September to our U.S. pension trust. Excluding the after-tax effect of that contribution, conversion on net income would have been 130%. Year-to-date, free cash flow is $562 million. That represents conversion on net income of 81%. If you exclude the discretionary pension contribution, conversion for the full year would have been 96%, pretty close to our 100% target. We also made an additional discretionary pension contribution of $300 million in October. The contributions in September and October were in response to continued declines in the pension discount rate and a consequent increase in the underfunded status of our pension plans. With these contributions, we feel the plans are appropriately funded. Obviously, future required contributions will depend on future discount rates and asset performance, along with some other factors. But we expect these contributions to cover any otherwise mandatory U.S. contributions for about the next few years. So that's the fourth quarter. Let's move to Page 11 for a summary of the full year fiscal '11 results. Keith touched on much of this, so I'll be brief. Sales reached $6 billion for the full year, up 24%, with organic growth of 20%. So fiscal '11 was a second year of a pretty robust recovery on the industrial side of the economy and very good execution across the company. This result puts us above the prior-cycle peak sales. Segment operating margin for the full year was a little over 17%. We view that as a very good result at this point in the recovery. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $4.79. So on a 24% increase in sales, EPS from continuing operations increased 57%. And we've already covered cash flow, so let's move to Page 12 and discuss the outlook for fiscal '12. I'll start with some anticipated headwinds and tailwinds. Related to sales performance in fiscal '12, we believe that macroeconomic conditions will be a headwind. Global economic growth is clearly moderating. We expect to see flat to low-single digit GDP growth in the mature markets, and somewhat lower growth than in fiscal year '11 in the emerging markets. Overall, a significantly less favorable growth environment than we experienced last year. In addition to the moderating growth, as Keith discussed, there's considerable uncertainty in the global economic picture, and we think that may cause customers to be cautious in regard to the capital spending plans in fiscal '12. We also expect currency to be a modest headwind to sales in fiscal '12.  On the tailwind side for sales, we have the benefit of a solid baseline as reflected in our run rates from the second half of fiscal year '11. For currency -- or I'm sorry, for earnings, currency will be a headwind. We also have a headwind to earnings and the carryover impact of fiscal year '11 spending increases, and we plan some continued investment in fiscal '12 as we continue to see top line improvement. We also expect a significant earnings headwinds due to a higher effective tax rate. For the full year fiscal year '11, our effective tax rate was 19.7%. For fiscal '12, we expect an effective rate of about 24%. We benefited from some significant discrete items in fiscal year '11. Our underlying effective rate in fiscal '11 was more like 22% to 23%. Earnings tailwinds include higher sales volume and a reset of incentive compensation. Given our financial performance in fiscal '11, last year was an above average year for incentive compensation. We expect to be back to more typical levels in fiscal '12. As I've mentioned previously, our incentive compensation is very broad based and covers virtually all of our employees. Finally, we're expecting an earnings per share tailwind from lower share count. So turning now to Page 13, this slide summarizes our fiscal '12 guidance. Our sales outlook is a range of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion. Excluding currency effects, that represents a year-over-year increase of between 5% and 9%. We expect currency to reduce sales by about one point in fiscal '12. We're assuming that currency rates for the year will be about equal to the rates we experienced in October. As one benchmark in that regard, the guidance assumes a euro of $1.37. We expect segment operating margin to be about 18%. Based on these planning assumptions, we're projecting diluted EPS of between $5.05 and $5.45. I've addressed the effective tax rate expectation, and although it's not displayed here, we expect general corporate net spending of about $86 million. That's about $5 million higher than in fiscal year '11, and the increase is primarily because we had a $4 million gain on the sale of an asset in fiscal year '11. Finally, we expect free cash flow conversion of about 75% on net income. That includes the effect of the $300 million discretionary pension contribution that we made in October. Excluding the after-tax effect of that contribution, we expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 100%. And with that, I'll turn this back to Rondi and we can begin the Q&A session.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. Before we start the Q&A, I just would like to remind you that we do want to get to as many of you as possible, so if you could limit your question to just one question and a follow-up and then get back in the queue if you have a question on another topic. So Stacey, let's open the lines and take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you just maybe go into a little bit more of what happened in Control Products & Solutions in the quarter? You mentioned that it was a pretty strong sequential increase. Was there a region or an end market that you saw particular strength in?
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. I think that the strength was broad based, but the uniqueness of Q4 in our solutions business was, generally speaking, at the end of a month, the end of a quarter, there's not necessarily total certainty on which projects will clear and which ones will clear based upon witness testing, based upon customer requirements, based upon shipping and the ability to recognize revenue. And so we normally expect, I'll just say some discount from what would be in the plan. And this quarter was one of those that is just unique about the fact that everything cleared. And so not only didn't we have the discount, but we have the over performance that went away, and I think it's just an example of the variability that happens, certainly, in our solutions business. And I think there's good and bad news here. The good news is it was a great quarter. And certainly, we also had a very strong quarter of orders. So the book to bill was just under one. And normally in our fourth quarter, it's a lower number because we always outperform shipments versus orders. But we had very strong orders months, so we're pleased with that in addition to the great sales. The bad news part of it is, we probably created a gap in Q1 because of that strong shipment that normally would have flowed into Q1. We now have that as a gap, but we don't see any problem in the full year because of the strong orders. But we aren't going to probably be able to fill that gap completely in Q1. So a lot of positives there, but certainly, we'll create a short-term gap. But no specific industry, no specific geography, just very, very good execution by our entire team on a projects business that is inherently lumpy and uneven.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And so that explains you just can't take the fourth quarter revenue rate and multiply it by 4, which gets you to kind of beyond the high end of revenue range? So that's basically, you're saying that there is actually a little bit of, for a lack of a better term, seasonality here from fourth quarter to first quarter that usually doesn't occur? Or is that just conservatism? Because typically in an upturn, you guys don't really have too much seasonality in these business?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we normally have seasonality in the solutions business in Q4. So that's typical, quite frankly, I would say this amount of it was untypical, and I would also say we're not conservative in our outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just kind of following up on a similar tone, so it does seem extraordinarily strong you addressed it head on, on Control Products & Solutions. But can you also just put some context around A&S and how it's going to September and kind of what the October performance was like. And if you are actually seeing some of this caution that you mentioned about customers' CapEx plans, or is that just more your expectation or you're actually seeing that in some of the early bid and proposal work?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, with respect to A&S, in general, our products business including A&S had performed better than our expectations in Q4. So we had year-over-year growth, as well as sequential growth in our products businesses. So certainly not as strong as the solutions, but continued positive momentum there. With respect to how is it performing now and what are we seeing with respect to our customers' cautions, through October, we have not seen a change in our customers' buying behaviors. I think most of the -- so at this point in time, we're not seeing that. What we are getting a question about is as they are planning for 2012, and how are they going to set their capital spending for the new year? They're becoming a little more cautious in what they're seeing in the environment. And therefore, as you know, uncertainty is not the friend of investment. And certainly, one can say at a minimum, we've had some uncertainty and at a maximum, it's been quite chaotic in the evolution of the macroeconomic environment. So I think it's more of an expectation that we're feeling as we go into the new year and budgets get reset, as opposed to anything we're seeing at this point in time reflected in our order patterns.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And just as a follow-up, the pricing that you put in place a couple of months back that you hope to be kind of near forward realized at this point in time, is that in place? And is there more in 2012?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Jeff, I would say that the pricing we said we would implement. We did implement. I would say it is going pretty much as we expected. And the thing I would remind you is, a lot of our customers are under annual contracts. So the effect of that price increase we put in either in August or September, depending on the region of the world, the effect of that will kind of rollout over the course of the next 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Bank of America.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess we know 3M's weak factory automation markets aren't the same as discrete automation PLC architecture. That's my comment. Okay. Could you talk about Europe? First, maybe you could remind us, because I know you give EMEA, what is your Continental Europe exposure? And just maybe a little bit more color on, say, your cost position, how you're thinking about the prospects of a mild recession in Europe? You did show a little bit of deceleration in your EMEA results. So I'm just trying to understand are you preparing for possibly some cost actions? Do you feel good about your cost structure? Just how are you thinking about things at this juncture heading into next year against the backdrop of your guidance?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, you hit the one area where we have probably the greatest concern and I would say the greatest uncertainty. Europe, it's hard to speak in Europe as one. Certainly, at a minimum, there's a divide between North and South Europe. And South Europe, for the last half of the year, was performing weaker than the North. And when I say the North, I mean Germany, the Scandinavian countries in particular. So we are seeing a difference within, I'll just say, Western Europe. And the outlook there is, certainly, are slowing in particular. We know that European OEM machine makers will have a slower growth than they did in 2011. Some of the industry organizations have forecast that indicate there'll be a slowing from very high levels to, I'll say, a lower growth rate, but still growth. And we certainly know, talking to our OEMs, that while they are running at very high levels and they're certainly coming up to their capacity heads, they feel good about the next quarter. But I think as we roll into calendar 2012, they have less visibility. And as I said, those industry statistics indicate that it'll be slowing. Some people say Europe's going to be in a recession. I think we're certainly on the edge. If you look at some of the recent PMI information, some of the industrial production, it's certainly slowing. And how they work their way through the debt crisis I think will tell us which side of zero do they fall on. And at this point, I think it's just a tough call. We like our position in Europe. We think we have growing share there this past year as evidenced by the very strong growth we had year-over-year. Obviously, it's not our most -- it's not the best position given our strongest global competitor, that is their home country. But we like our position. We like our differentiation with our integrated architecture and our intelligent motor control. And as we are growing our solutions and services capabilities, these are all opportunities for us to grow share in an area where we are definitely not the leaders. So we like our position. We like our differentiation. And as I mentioned earlier, that team there is functioning really well, executing the priorities and winning in the areas that we've targeted for growth.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, Keith, what are you seeing in China? Is some of that -- that economy's attempts to combat inflation, is that showing up in your results this quarter or the way you're thinking about your outlook? I realized you called slowing emerging markets, but could you -- China's very important to you, could you talk about China, specifically?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Certainly, John. Well, we had talked about that China would be a top-up in Q4 given the -- I think, we had 40% growth of Q4 last year. So actually, we're very pleased with the 10% growth in China that we had this quarter. But we do see the moderation. I think there's the second and third tier companies and some of the credit capabilities that are going on there create a natural slowing and breaking effect. And obviously, as you well know, they have some inflation issues that they're trying to manage as well. But next year, we expect China to grow in the mid- to high-teens, which we think has continued very grew good growth given the growth we've had the last couple of years, and that is a continued outlook of good opportunities in both the OEM sector, as well as the consumer industries continue to grow in China. That will be helpful. I would say that we had good orders growth in Q4. And once again, from our perspective, I would say it appears at this point in time anyway that China will have managed with a soft landing through another one of the bubbles that seemed to always, not always, but have come about over the last couple of years. So we have a positive outlook for China at this point in time, and we expect to continue to not just grow but to take share, particularly as some of our newer products are introduced over the next fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: My first question was around -- I guess if I look at the mix of your revenues, if I look at CP&S, the share of your sales year-on-year, it was around a similar proportion to what you had in fiscal Q2. Also, your solutions growth year-on-year in fiscal Q4 was similar to the year-on-year growth rate in fiscal Q2, but has a markedly different performance in Q2 and in Q4 in terms of segment incrementals and in terms of year-on-year gross margins. So I guess part of that difference comes from the sort of anniversary effect from cost growth investments, but a decent chunk of it should also come, I guess, from areas like the price cost or the mix of the types of solutions that you're recognizing as revenues. Could you talk a little bit about those last 2 points please, the price cost and the mix within solutions, how that mix is?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean I'll touch on it, although I think you just went through a pretty good explanation of most of the difference, Julian. I mean, I think the 2 things I would point out in a comparison of Q4 versus Q2 margin performance would be: one, it's just the absolute volume and the leverage that, that brought along with it; and two is, we did have a little bit better price performance Q4 versus Q2, and a little less inflation impact Q4 versus Q2.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And on the inflation impact, I mean there are stories like magnet costs for some automation companies are up 10x, 15x year-on-year, this kind of thing. Could you just give an update on how the major materials are sort of moving around for you?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. And I think we've talked before about commodity price inflation and the things that affected us in larger ways last year were copper prices, silver prices and particularly rare earth materials in one very unique slice of our business. Obviously, some of those prices have moderated since Q2, although I think year-over-year, we will still see a headwind from inflation related to all of those. In part, that's why we put through the price increase that we put through was to help get back closer to parity given the increases we were seeing in those areas.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So just lastly, and obviously, automotive's an important segment for you guys, but the trends look very different region by region. I mean Brazil, production slowing China maybe at sort of a trough and is picking up. I realize you guys are more tied to sort of new model introductions and what that means for production lines. But could you talk a little bit about what your auto OE customers are kind of thinking about CapEx when they're looking at next year?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, we think next year is going to be a good year from what we know today with respect to capital spending. We think Toyota, in particular, will grow their capital spending. Obviously, they had some challenges this past year that they had to address just from a recovery from a very significant disaster and the strong yen. And they certainly managed capital spending this next year or last year. And so we expect that to be increased. Also GM, as they continue to come back strong, we expect that they will continue to invest in new platforms. And certainly, Ford and Chrysler. I should say Ford was spending throughout the cycle, so we would expect Ford to be consistent. And Chrysler Fiat is also looking at increasing their cap spending on a year-over-year basis. So right now, we believe that we'll see slightly more automotive spending in our next fiscal year. And certainly, we think that we'll be able to achieve growth in that area given our historical strength and our continued working of that, in particular, in the emerging countries. And you've mentioned a couple of them, Brazil and China are very important in the automotive manufacturing vertical.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglas with Longbow Research.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Keith, looking at the mix of sales of this last year, do you have a sense of how much was for capacity expansion versus replacements and upgrades of the installed base?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think, I mean the answer is not precisely, but I would say I think a very good way to think about it is basically all developed countries, so that would be Western Europe, the U.S., Canada, in general, although Canada with some of the strength in mining and oil is not totally true, but basically all of that spending is for either modernization, productivity or cost reduction. And certainly, the vast majority of spending in the emerging markets is for capacity expansion. And I think that's at a first order look, I think that's a fair characterization of how we think about it and how we believe the spending occurred. So just look at our sales in Latin America, in the majority of probably about 70% to 75% of Asia-Pacific, and probably about 20% in EMEA and view that as emerging countries and therefore, capacity expansion.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then kind of related to that, on the replacement cycle, I assume you're still thinking there's going to be room for that in 2012. But then how much of that especially in process markets are you kind of baking in as far as share gains? And do you know what share gains had been? Where do you think they were in '11?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, certainly, in the process base, once again, in particular in the mature developed economies, the majority of the investments, if you're not talking about maybe some of the new oil shale or mining that is going on, the majority of it is replacement and modernization. And we do know that there is a large percentage, a large dollar amount, tens of billions that is basically legacy and old process systems that are at end of life. And that is one of the areas that we have targeted for our process growth, simply because a lot of those systems are no longer replaceable, if you will. There's not a migration because they are old systems that are no longer supported. And we see that as the opportunity for us to be able to demonstrate the value of plant-wide optimization. And in particular, after 20 to 30 years, where DCS systems were the only way to solve and to support that customer, today, a Logix Control architecture is very compatible with the application and the functionality requirements. So once again, it demonstrates the value of plant-wide optimization and customers are making those choices. Process in the fourth quarter, for us, was the highest growth for the year. It grew at 25%, and we believe that process in fiscal '12 will grow above the company average and in the teens. So we see process as a continued opportunity for us to grow share. I mean, we aren't the market share leader there, so I don't want people to get the wrong impression. We're probably fifth, fourth, fifth, depending on how you define the market. But I would say, we're continuing to be able to grow share and we would expect that to continue as the evolution of PlantPAx, and we get a little more traction with the recent release of 2.0 and then certainly, as we continue to grow our expertise in that different applications. So we see process as an ongoing growth opportunity for Rockwell.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Keith or Ted, any signs accelerated depreciation benefit has boosted results recently or based on what you're seeing on orders right now here in the U.S.?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say there's nothing we can discern that would cause us to believe there's any significant impact as a consequence of that, although I would also say if there's going to be an impact, we'd expect to see in this quarter.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then back to auto and the comment on auto, with the Detroit guys, particularly Chrysler and GM, really ramping up redesigns and new model launches, I assume you've gotten some benefit here in fiscal '11 from those plans, and you talked about good growth for next year. What's the cycle here as we move forward and thinking longer term beyond '12 and the '13? How long do you think this last year when you look at the U.S. discrete business for auto?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean that's a hard one to answer because it's all dependent upon the fickle consumer. But if you read -- most of the studies and statistics now say that the age of the fleet is at its highest level, I'm not sure if ever, but certainly recently, it's at the highest level. Which means basically that the automotive companies are expecting a tailwind from the replacement cycle. And I think that bodes well if we can see the amount of units being sold continue to grow a little bit year-after-year, I think that will give them the confidence and the dollars to continue to reinvest. So I think it really boils down to the success in the market and the ability to bring the consumer back into the game. And obviously, what we've been talking about now for at least the last year is that, while this has been a manufacturing-led recovery, the consumer is still struggling, whether it's high unemployment, consumer confidence, the continued reducing their debt burden, deleveraging. All of that is somewhat of a phenomenon, but we do believe the opportunities for continued growth in automotive investment bodes well certainly for the short term. And as I said longer term, it really boils down to success in the marketplace that each one of the companies have.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last quick one for me. Just on the other parts of consumer verticals, any signs of things starting to break out at all? Or is it pretty lackluster still in terms of the business trends for you?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, for us, as we have said many times, consumer isn't one that grows dramatically or, quite frankly, contracts dramatically. So I would say we've continued to see reasonable growth in the food and beverage sector. We do see some of the shifting in spending in consumer to some of the growth markets. Certainly, the emerging markets is where that is I think best seen in our business at this point in time as they follow where consumer spending and the growth of disposable income is growing most rapidly. And we'd also see that the home and personal care products also continue to see, for us anyways and for the industry, solid growth. Life sciences I think continues to struggle a little as the companies continue to deal with some of the change in the industry and the impact that has on their P&Ls and balance sheets. But we have seen expansion in some of the emerging markets in the life sciences sector, and we would expect that to continue as well. So our outlook next year is that it'll be a growth, but it will probably be growth below the company average.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So in the U.S., the sequential increase you guys had was really unusually strong in the fourth quarter. I mean you talked a little bit about solutions, I'm not sure if that was weighted in the U.S. But could you maybe talk about some of the vertical specifically in the U.S. that were strong in the quarter?
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. We just touched base a little bit with the conversation we had on auto. Certainly, strength in auto and tire and the broader -- so therefore, the broader transportation industries was good. Also, heavy industries, which goes back to your comment about solutions. We believe that we had good growth in our process business, which is more concentrated in the heavy industries. And then also, food and beverage and home and personal care was good growth in the U.S. for us this past quarter. So I think that's a little bit of a flavor there.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And I mean other than the solutions dynamics with the completions in the quarter, any of the rest of it that felt sort of unusually strong in the quarter in terms of sustainability?
Keith D. Nosbusch: I don't think there was anything unusual. I mean the verticals that have been performing continue to -- mining are strong, oil and gas, picking back up. So I don't think we saw anything unusual. Really, we had good growth as I said earlier. Process growth was good for us. It really was more about, I would say, the execution of the projects in-house more than any unique industry or order phenomenon that was going on. So I would just say it's a lumpy business, and this one was on the positive side of the trend line.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And do we have to worry at all about Thailand with you guys? Some other people have commented on some potential issues from Thailand.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. That's a good question because in our second quarter we talked a lot about Japan and what the impact was there. We certainly are monitoring the situation in Thailand very carefully. We do source a limited number of electrical or electronic components from the area. The good news is we understand the drill and our sourcing team was on it immediately. And we have begun implementing appropriate risk mitigation and securing safety stocks and finding alternate suppliers. And really, at this point, we do not expect any major impact to our supply chain, certainly, not in the short term. Once again, depending on how dramatic the impact is, it's something that could impact us later in our fiscal year, in particular, start of the new calendar year. But in the short term, we think we're adequately protected and our team is really, really working hard to help us mitigate any impact that may come from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Couldn't let you guys off the hook without an incremental margin question here this morning. I think we are reverting to the mean relative to the past quarters in terms of the percentage of the call spent on that though, which I'm sure you find refreshing.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. We do.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So if we look at the implied incremental margins, at the segment level within the 2012 framework and we assume we're working with the high end of the organic revenue growth range, the 18% segment margin you called out would imply, if we get the math right, about 27%, 28%, which is right in line with what you did in 2011. And I'm just wondering if you can provide some more, on your thinking behind that number in terms of the various puts and takes. So it sounds like you think price cost is a little bit more benign this year. Presumably, you're not assuming Japan's going to continue to be a problem. You mentioned that the growth rate for process you think is going to be similar for the company overall so that doesn't really -- mix doesn't seem to be an impact issue from process. But maybe you could talk about products versus solutions and any other items that went into your thinking in terms of that upper 20s incrementals, assuming I got that right.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I guess the first thing I would say is our expectation for conversion margin next year, and if there is a little bit across the range, but generally it's kind of low-30s%. And so we think that would be a very good performance given the range of growth we're talking about for next year. I think you hit on a lot of what the puts and takes are in the conversion margin for next year. I mean, obviously, it's volume leverage. When you take the net of price inflation and productivity, we're hoping that, that's neutral or maybe a little bit positive. And we've got the benefit of the reset on the incentive compensation. But offsetting that is some of the carryover effect of fiscal '11 increased spending, and then also our expectation that we will continue to invest next year if indeed we're seeing the sales growth that we expect.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So Ted, could you maybe just quantify some of those. How much do you think the investment spend? Is there any delta there year-over-year in your expectations?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. Absolutely. I don't want to put a number on it. I mean what we're planning for investment spending now is just kind of appropriate ramping up spending as we see the volume increases.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So the percent of revenues doesn't change much there, I guess. And then the assumption on the incentive comp, can you help with the number there?
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean the reset on incentive comp is about equal to the same reset we had last year, which is approximately $50 million.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then any chance you want to maybe quantify, Keith I think used the word gap in the first quarter related to the stronger 4Q that I guess the framework assumes you normalized in 1Q. I mean is that a $40 million or $50 million type of range? Are we way off the reservation with that guesstimate?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would have said we exceeded our expectation in Q4 if you think about the guidance we provided in the last earnings call by about $60 million to $70 million. Okay. I would think whatever shortfall has been created now in our solutions business in Q1 is a consequence of the outstanding execution is somewhat less than that.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so a lower solutions mix should have a positive margin impact in 1Q? Is that a fair translation?
Theodore D. Crandall: All other things being equal, a lower solutions mix generally translates to somewhat better margin.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, do you think the price increases that you had out there resulted in some of that revenue pull forward?
Theodore D. Crandall: We don't. We don't think there was any impact on the quarter as a whole as a consequence of the price increases.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. So we're going to wrap up then. So thank you to everyone who joined us today. We all look forward to seeing you next week. Keith in the beginning mentioned that we have a full house, but we will accommodate all. So if anyone else wants to come to Chicago next week and join us for the investor conference, just give us a call or let me know or call Nancy and we'll add you to the list. We will be webcasting that event as well and so you'll have an opportunity to obviously dial in, and it will be a video webcast. So thanks again. And operator, I think you can disconnect the call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Theodore Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development
Analysts: Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jason Feldman - UBS Investment Bank Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Julian Mitchell D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Theodore Crandall: Okay, thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning, and a press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the third quarter and our updated outlook for the fiscal year. Then, Ted will provide more details around the third quarter results and our revised guidance for fiscal 2011. And then of course we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call today to take about an hour. And as always is the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and a detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over -- Okay, thank you. I'm turning the call over to Keith then.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. Please turn to Page 4, which captures the key messages from the quarter. I'll touch on these during my remarks. I am very pleased with the record results in the third quarter. Sales of over $1.5 billion, earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.22 and after-tax return on invested capital of 29.3% are all new quarterly highs for the company. Strong organic growth of almost 14% and the diversity of that sales growth across regions and verticals indicate that we are capitalizing on our growth opportunities. Architecture & Software had an outstanding quarter with LOGIX growth of over 25% excluding the impact of currency. Operating margin continued to improve in the quarter and year-to-date margin is up over 2 percentage points compared to a year ago. Here again, A&S was a standout, with the highest quarterly operating margin since the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Control Products & Solutions margins dipped compared to Q2, primarily because of lower organic volume and acquisitions. Plus keep in mind that Solutions margins tend to fluctuate more quarter-to-quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we are pleased that the margin in this segment has expanded almost 2 percentage points. Cash flow was strong again this quarter in spite of the additional layer of inventory that we added to protect our customers after the Japan crisis. Fortunately, at this point, we don't see any significant risk to our supply chain due to Japan. I think Japan has managed very well through the crisis. Before I comment on the outlook, let me give you some other highlights in the quarter. India was a star in emerging Asia with 27% organic growth. China was at mid-teens growth, which was in line with our expectations given the very strong Q3 from last year. We are gaining traction in emerging Europe in Q3. We had a significant $3 million water waste water win in Turkey. I'm pleased with the progress we are making in Process. Our Process business had its best quarter of the year with 18% year-over-year sales growth and 9% sequential growth, both on a currency neutral basis. Globally, we are seeing more and larger legacy DCS conversion opportunities, and we continue to invest in our process domain expertise for selling, Application Engineering and technical support. Success with OEM customers continues to contribute to the above market growth we have seen in EMEA. And we closed 2 acquisitions in the quarter announced at 21% dividend increase and stepped up our share repurchases. Our results in the third quarter kept us on track for an outstanding year for the company and for our shareowners. We have had excellent performance through the first 3 quarters of the year by capitalizing on the strength of the industrial recovery and executing our growth and performance strategy. We are now 9 quarters into the recovery and market growth rates are moderating just as we would expect at this stage. Given our strong year-to-date results and an increased tailwind from currency, we are increasing our full year sales outlook to approximately $5.9 billion, about half of the increase compared to the prior guidance is from currency and acquisitions, but the other half from additional organic volume. Based on the sales outlook, we are raising our fiscal 2011 earnings per share guidance for $4.55 to $4.65. And we'll go through the puts and takes in more detail. But at the midpoint, this represents more than a 50% increase in the earnings per share compared to 2010 and record earnings per share from continuing operations. Before I close, I'd like to welcome the employees of Lektronix to Rockwell Automation. Lektronix is our newly acquired Repair and Maintenance Service business based in the U.K. but with operations around the world. They serve a broad range of both discrete and process industries, and have expertise in most industrial automation products - not just ours. We are excited to have them onboard, and we know they will help us expand our service to customers around the world. And once again, I want to take the opportunity to thank the people and partners of Rockwell Automation. Their dedication and expertise support the business and productivity needs of our customers and enable us to sustain our long tradition of innovation and deliver superior financial performance. So with that, I will turn it over to Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter. And our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2011. Ted?
Theodore Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everybody. I'll start with Q3 results summary on Page 5. Sales in the quarter were $1,516,000,000 up 20% compared to Q3 last year. The year-over-year impact of currency translation increased sales in the quarter by approximately 6 points, that's a considerably larger currency impact than recent quarters. Segment operating earnings were $263 million, an increase of 33% compared to Q3 last year. General Corporate net expense was $22.3 million compared to $23.1 million a year ago. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 19.2%. We benefited in the quarter from some discrete items that lowered the rate by about 2 points. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.22, an increase of 47% from $0.83 in Q3 last year. There was also a small benefit from discontinued operations in Q3 related to various legacy legal and tax matters. Diluted earnings per share including that benefit was $0.01 higher at $1.23. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 145.9 million. As Keith mentioned, we stepped up share repurchases in Q3. We repurchased approximately 1.35 million shares in Q3 at a cost of about $114 million. Year-to-date through June, we've repurchased a total of 2.7 million shares.  Turning to Page 6, the Q3 results Rockwell Automation total. So on the left side of this slide, you can see the trend in sales. As I noted, sales were up 20% year-over-year in the quarter and also up 4%, sequentially. Moving to earnings on the right side of the slide. We've seen steady improvement over the past year, segment operating margins has continued to expand and improve by 1.8 points year-over-year to 17.4%. Operating margin improved sequentially by 7/10 of a point. The year-over-year improvement in operating margin reflects volume leverage, partially offset by increased spending to support growth. And as Keith noted, we saw particularly strong margin performance in the Architecture & Software segment in the quarter. The year-over-year incremental margin was about 26%, so better than our Q2 result. The effects of currency and acquisitions reduced incremental margin by about 5 points in the quarter. On a relative basis, these effects had a significantly more negative impact on the Control Products & Solutions segment. And also some continued impact in Q3 from the unfavorable material costs that we talked about last quarter, but that was pretty much what we expected it to be coming into the quarter. Although it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing 4 quarter return on invested capital was 29.3%. That's up from 17.7% in Q3 last year and another record for return on invested capital.  Moving now to Page 7. This slide summarizes the Q3 results of the Architecture & Software segment. This segment reported a really outstanding quarter with regards to both sales and margin performance. On the left side of the slide, year-over-year sales growth in the segment was 21% in the third quarter, that included about 6 points of growth due to currency translation. Sequential growth was 8%. We've continue to see particularly good performance in this segment in the EMEA region, reflecting in part continued success with OEM customers. Operating margin for the quarter was 26.1%, up 3.5 points compared to last year. That's due primarily to a strong volume leverage, partly offset by increased spending. The next slide, Page 8, covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in Q3 were $843 million, up 18% compared to last year with about 5 points of the increased due to currency translation and about 1 point from acquisition. On a year-over-year basis, sales for the products portion of Control Products & Solutions segment were up at about the same rate as the Architecture & Software segment with the solutions and services business increasing by 16%. For the segment, as a whole, you can see here on the left side of the slide all in, sales were basically flat sequentially, but excluding currency translation, sales declined by about 2%. Moving to the right side of the slide, segment operating earnings increased 20% year-over-year with a small improvement in operating margin. In Control Products & Solutions, volume leverage was just about offset by increased spending and somewhat lower margins in the solutions businesses. Solutions business margins tend to be somewhat more variable quarter to quarter. Also as I previously mentioned, currency effects had a somewhat more negative impact on margins in this segment this quarter. The Control Products & Solutions segments has fundamentally higher margins today than where we were at the beginning of the recovery in the last cycle. Year-to-date in this segment, operating margin is up 1.8 points, and we expect margin to expand as the recovery continues. On Page 9, this provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, which excludes currency effects. Very good growth across the regions, another particularly strong quarter in the EMEA region with 21% growth. That was about 19% growth excluding the impact of acquisitions. Latin America had another strong quarter with 21% growth. Asia-Pacific came in at 14%, and the U.S. and Canada at about 10%. Emerging markets continue to grow above the company average.  I'll turn now to Page 10, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $194 million, which represents conversion on net income of 108%, that's a very good result. Year-to-date, free cash flow is at $424 million, that's a conversion of about 86%. We now feel it's likely that we will make a discretionary U.S. pension contribution in the fourth quarter, and that will put cash conversion for the full year more in the range of 75% to 85%. And that brings us to the final slide, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '11. As Keith mentioned, we're increasing sales and earnings guidance. We've increased full year sales to approximately $5.9 billion. That's $150 million increase compared to the previous guidance midpoint. About half of that increase is due to currency and acquisitions and the balance reflects a somewhat higher organic growth in both the third and fourth quarter. For the full year, that represents growth of approximately 18%, excluding currency effects, previous guidance range was 15% to 17%. Based on currency rates experienced in Q3, for the full year, we now expect currency to contribute a little over 3 points to growth. We've increased that by about 1 point from our previous guidance. We continue to expect segment margin to be about 17%. Our fiscal 2011 guidance for diluted earnings per share from continuing operations is now $4.55 to $4.65. Compared to the previous guidance, we raised EPS by $0.10 at the midpoint and with only one quarter remaining in this fiscal year, we've narrowed the range from $0.20 to $0.10. Basically compared to the prior guidance, midpoint to midpoint, we're getting a positive contribution from volume and a somewhat lower tax rate that was partially offset by less favorable mix and increased performance-based compensation expense due to the higher sales and earnings. A couple of other items related to the full year guidance, we expect the full-year tax rate of 19% to 20%, lower by 1 point compared to the previous guidance and we continue to expect general corporate net expense of about $80 million for the full year. With that, I'll turn it back to Rondi, and we'll get to Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. Before I turn this over to the operator to start the Q&A, I would just like to remind everyone that we do want to get as many of you as possible. So if you could please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Then if you have a question on another topic, you can get back in the queue and we'll try to get you again but just a way to try to get as many of you as possible. So we'd appreciate your cooperation on that. And with that, Mary, let's open it up for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: I guess I had a question on your -- particularly your China and U.S. businesses. The China growth was midteens of a tough comp. Do you expect that to be sustained in September in the balance of this calendar year? Or are you seeing any sort of reduction in customer CapEx plans because of the tightening. And Secondly in the U.S., organic sales growth moderated to about 11%. How do you see that going forward, obviously one of your peers yesterday talked about the steep deceleration in U.S. demand. I just wondered if you'd seen any change in ordering patterns in the U.S. or China or any region in the last sort of couple of months.
Keith Nosbusch: With respect to China, we are coming up -- where we are coming up to some very strong previous performance. So we still expect our year-over-year performance in China to be a little over 20%, which is what we planned for at the start of the year and we still believe that will be where it ends up. With respect to the U.S., we continue to do our normal quarterly analysis of our customers, our channel partners, our sales organization and we believe our outlook for the remainder of this fiscal year will be able to enable us to deliver the guidance that we provided. So we feel pretty good about our outlook at this point in the process. The only caveat and reminder I'll put it on that is this quarter, we have -- August is a very weak month and certainly, a preponderance of our revenue for the quarter close in September and that means it's 6 weeks away and we'll hopefully see how that plays out. With respect to once again the China and U.S., both China and the U.S. had sequential growth in the quarter. So the moderation is on a year-over-year performance as we go forward based upon where we are in a recovery, for sure, in the U.S. and just based upon a very significant growth in China in our fourth quarter of last year.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. And then just on the incremental margins. I think your gross margins were flat year-on-year in Q3, haven't been down slightly year-on-year in December and in March. Do you expect that to be up slightly year-on-year in the September quarter? And I guess, overall, on operating incrementals, are you still expecting that to run in the 30s when you're thinking about the medium term?
Keith Nosbusch: I would rather talk about operating margin and gross margin and maybe easiest answer to your question, I think, would be right now, we would expect to see maybe slightly higher incremental margin in Q4 than we saw in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman, Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just have 2 questions, one for Keith, Keith you had mentioned maybe as a line in your initial comments that you are seeing more and larger DCSI conversion opportunities -- or DCS conversion opportunities. Could you just maybe by industry or is there some -- let's call it maybe early adopters from an industry perspective, where would those opportunities be?
Keith Nosbusch: It's not really an industry specific application with respect to the legacy, it's more upon 2 dynamics. One is the age of the installed equipment and the second is, is it still supported by the DCS supplier and in most cases, these are 10- to 20-year old systems that no longer are supportable from the original supplier for whatever reasons, and we're seeing the opportunity to give our plant-wide optimization value proposition to these customers and they understand the benefit of that. And when they're making their next transition in a technology, they're looking for long-term sustainable support and value, and we think the plant-wide optimization story plays particularly well to them.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I see. Okay. And then just a second question, what was the book to bill in the solutions side of the business?
Keith Nosbusch: It was about 1 to 1 for the quarter -- I'm sorry, 1.1.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: 1.01 or 1.1?
Keith Nosbusch: 1.1 to 1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Keith, could you talk about the front log activity, what you're seeing there? I know over the last couple of quarters, you've seen some signs in the developed markets that things have been picking up. Obviously, it was mentioned with one of the competitors yesterday talking about some weakness. Could you give us an update there and what you're seeing overall?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the overall front log remains positive for us, and it grew 8% from the prior quarter. And if we go around the world so to speak, we see in North America, we had continued growth in both the Product and Solutions front log. In EMEA, the stronger growth was in the Solutions area, in particular some oil and gas opportunities there. In Asia-Pacific, front log was increasing both Products and Solutions. And in Latin America, likewise it was increasing for both Products and Solutions. So that is a volatile measure, but we do think that it's an indicator, I guess, at a minimum of the sentiment for forward-looking projects. And as always, the timing is what's the tough part to call. So we like the activity and our goal is to translate as much of that front log into orders and then into shipments as we progress through fiscal '12.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and then just a follow-up for Ted on the Solutions segment in terms of the margin. Last quarter, you had booked a $20-plus-million project into the first or into the fiscal second quarter. Was there anything unique in the quarter in terms of something that got booked or anything else. I think there's some M&A cost there in that segment, but anything else that we should be aware of in terms of what affected the margin?
Theodore Crandall: I don't think I would say anything unique. I would say the Solutions business margins tend to be a little bit more variable because every quarter, you've got a somewhat different mix of projects across different types of solutions applications. So the variability comes just because of that mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague, Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Just a couple of things, and I apologize I missed the first 5 or 10 minutes. You were particularly worried about Japan supply chain previously looking out of maybe there was something lurking in the shadows that hadn't perked up yet. Do you feel you're clear of that or is there any particular issue that you're still worried about?
Keith Nosbusch: No, we believe that we will now not see any significant risk due to the supply chain in Japan. We did put in a little more inventory as we talked about last quarter. We believe that has helped but also we have worked very hard with our suppliers and quite frankly, the response of the Japanese companies has been tremendous in their efforts to recover quite frankly. So right now, other than the fact that we had put in more inventory, we believe over the next quarter to two, we will not see any meaningful impact from the Japan crisis. Hopefully, we're really down to a handful of components that were really on top of now, and it seems to be getting better each month. So we are encouraged at this point, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Right. And could you elaborate a little bit more on price costs. I think you're just in your early stages of going out with price but what the reception is in the marketplace to that, how long do you think it takes to actually get it in place and whether or not you're seeing any relief anyway?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I guess let me talk about the cost side first. I would say the inflationary pressures on material and transportation costs in Q3 were up the same as we experienced in Q2 with some puts and takes across different commodity categories. Compared to our expectations coming into the year, our price cost dynamic is still unfavorable, and we're still unfavorable in Q3. We have implemented some price increases in our Solutions businesses. We implemented, basically right now we're implementing a price increase in the Products businesses. So we would expect maybe to see that begin to improve as we move to Q4 and then more improvement as we enter in the Q12 -- I'm sorry, in the fiscal '12.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Just given the quick turn nature of your business, do you think that we should expect if it's successful that it does show up quickly? Or is there kind of pre-commitments and project work and things like that, that drag it out?
Keith Nosbusch: I would say more of the latter than the former. I mean a lot of our business is at negotiated price levels. Those agreements roll typically on an annual basis and spread throughout the year. So when we implement a list price change, it doesn't hit all of the businesses equally at the same time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch from the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Maybe, Keith, how would you characterize the Process business today based on -- I don't know if there's really a front log activity book or whatever but I know there's been some product introductions, the growth rate sounds like they're better, which characterize the business as actually positioned to accelerate. I mean, obviously, oil and gas industry is pretty robust right now, maybe just a little more color on that business and how you see the progression.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly, we're pleased with the progression because basically what our strategy and plan has been is to continue to build capabilities in the platform and continue to build, I'll call it, capabilities of our organization to deliver -- to one, sell, deliver and support our process application. So it's an ongoing evolution for us, and we're pleased with the talent that we've been able to bring in to the company. We've been very pleased with the developments of our sales organization and competence in this area and our channel partners, whether it be system integrators or our distributors, both of those are very critical to continuing to build what we would call the ecosystem to be able to support the process industries. And that part has gone well, but it's never ended either. So we keep building that, the technology, every release of a new logic platform generally has something in it that is a better -- that helps the process application and some more than others but certainly when we released PlantPAx 2.0, that was a very significant improvement in our capability. The other area in process that we are working very hard on it is with the process skid OEMs, and that's another way that Rockwell Automation can differentiate the fact that we know how to interface with OEM. Just a big part of our machine -- our discrete business has been historically and as all of you know, we've been focusing on OEMs the last couple of years and process skids is just one of the 6 segments that we go after. But it is very important from the overall plant-wide optimization strategy that we are implementing. So the ability to address more application, more industry continues to help us, continues to help us grow at the rates we're growing. And as I mentioned earlier, that process grew above the company average for the first time this year.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, that's where I was driving, Keith, I mean really the setup should almost be for sustained faster process growth in the coming quarters. Is there any reason why that would not be the case? I mean, I think your company is misperceived by a lot of folks, it's somehow, it's early cycle. I mean maybe some of your MRO businesses is early cycle but it strikes me that the business Process is distinctly cycle and I'm really just trying to understand. All else equal, this business should be really beginning to gain momentum not somehow have peaked out already. Is that not a fair statement?
Keith Nosbusch: That is a fair statement with the only caveat of what's going to go on in the economy and what is this cycle. And certainly, the process should be a more mid- to late-cycle player. That's why we're doing it to just your point, we're trying to balance our portfolio to have a balance between early, mid- and a better balance between early, mid- and late cycle and Process was an area that we expected to push a little more into that late cycle -- mid- to late cycle business. So we really want to focus on that. It's also a big part of emerging markets. As you know, John, it's part of the building an infrastructure, building a resource-based industry, which is many of the exports for ability to grow up an economy early in emerging markets. And obviously, later, it goes to consumer, which is the other dimension of our strategy for emerging markets. But for those reasons, we do see this as an important balance to our strong MRO and early cycle discrete businesses and that's combined with our intelligent motor control. We think and our process safety capabilities with the acquisition of ICST, certainly we think should help us later in the economic cycles than we were historically.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So Keith, can I just ask a follow-up, I mean, your stocks up over 20% from its high, let's presume that these momentum folks are out of your stock today. You've got a pretty good set up with Process, your other businesses and frankly you've been able to pull, what appears to have been able to pull forward an awful lot of spending this cycle that gives you a pretty good playbook in the set up. You're sitting on an over capitalized balance sheet. It looks like you're beginning to buy more stocks, why wouldn't you aggressively buy more stock today opportunistically as a dynamic based on what's happened in the stock market and with respect to your share price, specifically?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we do believe that opportunistic buying is part of the way that we do our cash deployment strategy. I think we've demonstrated that in our third quarter. And certainly, we will continue to look at that as we go into the fourth quarter and obviously, we're trying to balance the cash deployment. You heard Ted earlier talk about that we probably will make a discretionary contribution to our pension. That's an offset to buying back stock. Obviously acquisitions, we've completed 2 this quarter. That's another alternative. And then as all of you well know, it's a question of where the cash is as well. And certainly we have a significant portion of ours that is outside the U.S. There's a lot of moving parts of there, John, that we're trying to balance between them all but I would say absolutely, we are an opportunistic purchaser of our stock and we think it's a great time at the moment.
Theodore Crandall: And John, I would add. Look, we stepped up in Q3, you know that we have never previously expressed our intentions around the current quarter and I don't think that, that's an appropriate thing to do now.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I agree. I did see that and I vote to put the pension on the back burner and buy more shares.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglas, Longbow Research.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: So you said the Logix organic sales were over 25%, what were the other products like and then does it mean they're below the 14% organic corporate or can you go into more details on how the other products fared?
Keith Nosbusch: Well I think the one that's always is the balancing comment with respect to our Logix is what happens in the legacy processor businesses and when we link those together, I think that's a purer number for you. So let me do that. The legacy sales were down 12% and process, which is back to more traditional decline in the legacy business. We talk about 10% being the ongoing decline of that business, and total processes sales were up 19% for the quarter. So slightly above, not slightly, about 5 points above the organic growth. So I think our Products business -- if you look at it, our Products businesses in general were above organic growth and our Solutions was below organic growth and I think that's the way to look at it. There was no significant product deviation, and I think it was more of the mix between Products and Solutions that got us to the 14% as opposed to this Product was way negative and this one was way positive.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then continuing on kind of that thing looking at Control Products & Solutions, I think a lot of us probably expected to pick up sequentially, organically, was conversion to sales was there pullback in the conversion rate, and the people pulled off on taking delivery of the solutions -- or their projects get put on hold, can you -- nervousness of customers can you give a little bit more insight as to the dynamics there?
Theodore Crandall: I wouldn't say there was any -- we haven't see any change in the dynamics of customers delivery acceptance on projects Q2 to Q3. I would remind you and I think that Julian mentioned this, I think it was Julian, we did have this very large project shipment in Q2 in the Solutions business, and so we were expecting some declines in Solutions going from Q2 to Q3. Sales were about flat down a little bit organically but I wouldn't say there's nothing -- there's no fundamental change in what we're seeing in terms of underlying customer demand in that segment.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Steve Tusa, JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I joined the call a bit late. On China, can you just tell us maybe what's going on there and then what would you expect for growth there in the fourth quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. China continues to grow for us. We had a growth there that I mentioned earlier of mid teens. We still expect China for the year to grow above 20%. We are coming across some various drawn growth quarters. So we'll see continued declines from our first couple of quarters where we were 40% and 30-plus percent. So I think we're getting into more of that average 20% growth over a year that we've been outlining as what our goal is for China. And the only other comment I'd make there is the lumpiness of our Solutions business there and maybe mass a little bit of a stronger performance in our product portfolio, which was higher than the overall average.
Theodore Crandall: But I think, Keith, another way of expressing this is we're expecting sequential growth in China in Q4 but a continued moderation of the year-over-year growth rates.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So did that go below double-digit?
Theodore Crandall: My guess is it will be close.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then when you look at the incremental, could you talk about it, improving a little bit here in the fourth quarter. So will that be in kind of the 30% to 40% range?
Theodore Crandall: I think it will be at the lower end of that range.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then we own kind of dynamics around the segments, right? I mean, A&S still pretty strong and Control Products, is below the low end of that range?
Theodore Crandall: Yes, and I mean that's just -- A&S has fundamentally higher operating leverage.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: This is Mark Koznarek. I haven't been announced, but I'm ready with the question. Just there's a lot that we've covered already so there's just some odds and ends, you called out some additional growth related to spending in CP&S, is that of the magnitude of say last year where we had this $100 million kind of a onetime step up, are we talking about a big block of additional R&D or is this sort of normal expansion in line with the current revenue growth and revenue outlook?
Theodore Crandall: You know, Mark, my intention was not to call on anything specific to CP&S. I mean we have headwind year-over-year in the margins that's related to increase spending and part of that is related to the ramp we did in spending and talked about in the latter half of last year. So that affects both segments given the lower operating leverage and control pricing solutions, it has somewhat of a larger effect on conversion margin in that segment but that increase in spending affects both segments and actually, in Q3, the impact of that spending is actually a little bit less than what it was earlier in the year because we're starting lap, some of those larger increases we made in the second half of last year.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Right. Yes, I have thought that you had lapped that year ago thing. So I got his impression that you're calling this out as another round of spending but apparently that's not the case.
Theodore Crandall: No, that is not the case. And I would also remind you we haven't fully lapped that ramp in spending last year because some if it also occurred in Q4.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: I see. Okay. Next, when we look at -- there is some comments on front log and the improvement there, can you give a little bit of insight into the industries that are participating, is it across-the-board improvement or some areas that were previously dormant starting to move forward more aggressively and vice versa, other things starting to slow?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I don't think we're seeing things starting to slow. Obviously, the highest growth has been in Transportation and we certainly don't expect that to continue to grow, but we expect that to continue to exist at the higher levels going forward. With respect to what's picking up at this point in time, we believe that the greatest opportunity as far as in the front log, really is around of the oil and gas and mining. Those tend to be the areas now that we're seeing additional pickup and previously, it was really what was going on in transportation, as well as some of the OEM business associated with packaging in particular. So I think some of the -- as we talked about the earlier set of question with respect from John Inch, with respect to Process and some of the later cycle businesses, I think we are seeing more quotation activity in some of those areas and hopefully commodity prices stay at the level they are at. Those quotes we'll be able to translate into future orders and shipments.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, so those categories are going to be more process intensive. You're more successful in moving forward your process initiatives into these categories, oil and gas and mining. Just a follow on, does that imply that the average margins of those businesses will be a bit lower because they're more solutions intensive and perhaps less process or product intensive?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think that is always the case with respect to process industries because the business model in the process industry is the automation supplier provides the solution. So I don't think it's any different than what we have in process in general. So I don't see that as a significant change. But you are right in process, we will be more of a solution provider and that means that the project margin will be lower than when we just sell products and some other integrator provides the solution.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay and then a quick one for Ted, the lower tax rate, is that simply the result of a discrete item or have you done something structural where as leading to better tax rate expectation for 2012 and beyond?
Theodore Crandall: I'm not going to try not to provide guidance for 2012 on the tax rate at this point. I would say the lower tax rate as it relates to our previous guidance is due to discrete items that occurred primarily in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Keith, can you just provide a little more color on the solution mix issue in the quarter, the lower margin mix? I mean what are we talking about here in terms of types of projects and how often do you see that happening? And do you have -- do you have the visibility now when you're talking about better incrementals in 4Q? I mean do you have visibility into a better mix in the books as you look into the next few quarters or is this a particularly negative mix this quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, Let me -- I think there are really 2 different questions there. So let me answer the first one, which is -- provide a little more color on the solutions mix issue. In our Solutions businesses, we have some longer cycle solution businesses and some shorter cycle solutions businesses. On the longer cycle, it is kind of our turnkey systems integration work and at the shorter cycle, it's things like motor control centers. But when I talk about and medium-voltage drive systems. So when I talk about the mix across the Solutions businesses, I'm talking about kind of those 3 categories and the margins tend to be somewhat different in each category. So what happens in a particular quarter in margins has a lot to do with what the mix across those Solutions businesses looks like. It's not so much an industry application issue, it's not so much a regional issue, it's just a -- we've got some different types of Solutions businesses. Your question about Q4 expectations, I would say at the company level, our expectation in Q4 is for somewhat less favorable mix because we are expecting our typical increase in Solutions volume in Q4. So we think we're going to have higher Solutions growth and Product growth sequentially but somewhat less favorable mix. I do expect that within the Solutions businesses, we'll be back to a little bit better mix than we saw in Q3.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. So the mix within Solutions is getting better so you're still expecting better incrementals within CP&S next segment -- next quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: I would expect better incrementals in CP&S, but also better incrementals in total.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So both segments get better?
Keith Nosbusch: I don't want to comment on A&S at this point. But I think it will be better and I think we'll be better in total.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: All right. Let me just ask on the OEM, you have a big motion driver last quarter, it sounds like it's still running well. I mean what was that up this quarter and how were you able to overcome the negative mix you had last quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, what I would say as we talked last quarter, we have kind of have extraordinary quarter for Motion Control growth year-over-year. This quarter, the Motion Control growth was much more in line with the Architecture & Software segment average, so we didn't have that same unfavorable mix impact. That was the question about Logix growth being above average this quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Right. Okay, that makes sense. Last one for me is just can you give a little more color on what you're seeing in terms of the auto market in terms of their spending behavior on automation equipment as distinct from actual production rates and what you saw this quarter and what you're expecting?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, auto as I mentioned earlier, Transportation was one of the better performing verticals for us throughout the year and has been a big part of the recovery increases for us. But obviously, that's based upon where they were 2 years ago. So but we think -- the one thing we are seeing is that the CapEx outlook is very positive in the automotive industry and if you go across in particular the U.S. companies, Ford, their CapEx is up over 30% year-over-year and they expect it to continue to be strong. GM is up even higher than that. So we are seeing a continued investment in new platforms, new projects and as you commented, that is a little different than just production rates. Production rates really drive more of our MRO installed base but the projects which we see continued strong, they were -- the front log of those projects in auto were up slightly in the year, in the quarter, but they remain at a very high level. So I think we're seeing about the capacity at this point that, that industry can spend at, and we expect those projects to flow through the system as we go through FY '12.
Operator: You have a question from Jason Feldman, UBS.
Jason Feldman - UBS Investment Bank: You mentioned some moderation of growth rates. It's typical I guess at this point in the cycle of overall, but was there any change in kind of the cadence activity during the quarter, was the latter part of the quarter given some of the macro weakening we saw and political issues come up different than the first half?
Keith Nosbusch: Jason, I would say we saw a pretty steady demand across the quarter. So we didn't see a lot of change from April through the end of June. And I would say, I think it would be fair to say, and we're seeing a continuation of that now through July.
Jason Feldman - UBS Investment Bank: And then lastly, is there any indication particularly in the process end markets of either project delays or push outs that are anything other than normal, I mean I know some projects are always delayed but anything unusual there?
Keith Nosbusch: No, we have not seen any change other than as you said, the normal. Some push outs, some move in but really, not a change in what has been occurring previously as part of the work that we do every quarter when we go through the analysis of what's going on in the market and certainly what was behind the fact that we decided to raise our revenue and earnings guidance for the remainder of the year.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, so we're going to wrap up today's call. We want to thank everyone for joining us. Good set of questions today. And we will disconnect at this time. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Theodore Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Keith Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development
Analysts: Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital Julian Mitchell Unknown Analyst -  D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Rahul. Good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call.  Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days --  With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include the highlights on the company's performance in the second quarter and our updated outlook for the full fiscal year. Then, Ted will provide more details around the second quarter results and our revised guidance for fiscal 2011.  We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. And so we want to get to as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one or 2 questions please. We expect the call today to take about an hour.  And as always, the case on these call, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings.  Before we get started, I just want to point out that we have added a new slide at the beginning of our deck, that contains highlights for the quarter. So I'd ask you to please turn to Slide 4, and then I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. As Rondi mentioned, our first slide captures the key messages from the quarter, so I'll touch on the these during my remarks.  We started the fiscal year with a very strong Q1 and that momentum continued in the second quarter with sales growth of 26%. I was very pleased again this quarter with our broad-based revenue growth. We had strong growth in every region and in both our Products and Solutions and Services businesses.  Operating margin has continued to expand, and earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.14 was a record quarterly high for the company.  We had a very strong cash flow quarter. Return on invested capital by 27.5% was a record high for the company, above the peak of 26% in the last cycle.  So at the midway point of the fiscal year, it's safe to say that we are executing extremely well and capitalizing on the strength of the industrial markets.  I'm sure by now you have all seen the reported financial results so let me give you some other highlights in the quarter. EMEA had its second consecutive quarter of 30% sales growth, overcoming some weakness in the Middle East and North Africa due to the recent political turmoil. We had several bright spots in emerging markets in Q2. China grew 36% and Latin America, with 38% growth, had it's fourth consecutive quarter of robust growth.  Our OEM business was strong again this quarter. We continue to win machine conversions and to get more content on each machine. This quarter, we saw over 40% growth in our Motion Control business within architecture and software. This is a product line that is very important for OEM applications. All of this is evidence that our global organization continues to do a great job executing our targeted initiatives.  Overall, another solid quarter and an excellent first half of the fiscal year. As you will recall, we significantly raised our full year revenue and earnings guidance in January. Some thought we were too aggressive but our Q2 net revenue was in line with that guidance. So what is our current thinking?  The industrial sector has continued to demonstrate strength with growth in industrial production rates, some improvement in capacity utilization and continued strength in the PMI data. But the past quarter has seen a good deal of change in the macro environment and that has created some new headwinds to the ongoing recovery.  Commodity costs and oil prices are increasing. Rising inflation is leading to tightening monetary policies in some emerging and developed economies. These, along with the Japan earthquake and related supply chain impact and unrest in the Middle East and North Africa, all create greater uncertainty to the business outlook.  Given our first half performance, but taking into account the more uncertain macro environment, we are increasing our revenue outlook to a range of $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion with about 1/2 of the increase coming from currency. Based on this revenue outlook and including additional headwinds from material cost inflation and higher oil prices, we are narrowing fiscal 2011 EPS guidance range to $4.40 to $4.60.  Ted will go through the puts and takes in more detail. But I want to remind you that at the midpoint, this represents almost a 50% increase in earnings per share from 2010 and record earnings per share for the company.  Before I close, I'd like to welcome the employees of Hiprom to Rockwell Automation. Hiprom is our newly acquired System Integration business in South Africa. This group has great engineering expertise in mining and minerals processing applications. We are thrilled that we have improved our capabilities to serve the growing mining market of sub-Sahara and Africa, and we intend to expand this expertise globally.  Let me close by saying how proud I am of the people and partners of Rockwell Automation. It is their dedication and expertise that continue to deliver these results and create new opportunities. They are an important aspect of our competitive differentiation. Our global team members, both those who touch the customer and those behind the scenes, are committed to winning and deepening our customer relationships and loyalty. And that is what it takes to succeed. And that is why I'm confident that we will continue to be successful and deliver superior returns to our shareholders.  Now with that, I'll turn it over to Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2011. Ted?
Theodore Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. I'll be starting with the Q2 results summary on Page 5.  Revenue in the quarter was a $1,464,000,000, that's up 26% compared to Q2 last year. The year-over-year impact of currency translation increased sales in the quarter by approximately 2 points. Segment operating earnings were $244 million, an increase of 38%, compared to $177 million in Q2 last year. General corporate net was $20.5 million, compared to $23.6 million a year ago. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 18.3%. That's below our full year guidance range. We've benefited in the quarter from some discrete items that lowered the rate by about 3 points.  Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.14, up 48% from $0.77 in Q2 last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 146.3 million. We repurchased approximately 700,000 shares in Q2 at a cost of about $58 million. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 1.4 million shares. Despite share repurchases, the average diluted share count is up about 1.9 million shares year-over-year, primarily due to option exercises and the effect of a higher share price on the dilution calculation.  Turning now to Page 6, the Q2 results for Rockwell Automation. As noted previously, sales for Q2 increased 26% year-over-year but also increased 7%, sequentially. Q2 is our fourth consecutive quarter with year-over-year growth over 25%.  Moving to the earnings side of the chart. We're seeing steady improvement over the course of the past 4 quarters. Segment operating margin improved by 1.5 points year-over-year to 16.7%. The year-over-year operating margin improvement reflects volume leverage, offset by spending, mix and higher-than-anticipated material costs and oil prices.  The mix effects included higher growth in our Solutions and Services businesses and in our Product businesses. And within the Architecture and Software segment, we experienced significantly higher growth in some of the lower margin product areas. That's consistent with Keith's comments regarding the very strong growth we experienced with OEM customers in the quarter, particularly with motion control products and especially in Europe.  The year-over-year conversion margin was 22%, somewhat lower than we expected, primarily due to the same mix and material costs elements. Although currency was a tailwind to sales, it was a modest headwind with respect to conversion margin. As in prior years, conversion margin can be somewhat variable quarter-to-quarter. Although it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 27.5%. That's a record level for ROIC and up from 13.2% in Q2 of last year.  Now moving on to Page 7. This slide summarizes the Q2 results of the Architecture and Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, year-over-year growth in this segment was 21% in Q2. Currency effects increased sales by about 2 points. Looking at the chart, you can see the growth moderated somewhat sequentially and sequential growth was a little 1% to 2%.  Operating margin for the quarter was 24.4%, up about 6/10 of a point compared to last year. Sequentially, operating margin decreased by about 1/2 point, primarily resulting from the mix change within the segment that I referred to on the previous chart.  The next slide, Page 8, covers our Control Products and Solutions segment. Sales in Q2 were $839.9 million, up 30% compared to last year, with 2 points of that increase due to currency effects. On a year-over-year basis, sales for the products portion of control products and solutions were up at about the same rate as the Architecture and Software segment, with the Solutions and Services businesses increasing by 33%. An unusually large project was completed and built in the quarter that increased solutions and services sales by about $22 million. In total for this segment, sales increased 12% sequentially.  Moving to the right side of this chart. Segment operating earnings increased 68% year-over-year with the related 2.6 point improvement in operating margin. As you can see on the chart, there was a significant sequential increase in operating earnings that was driven primarily by the sequential sales increase.  Page 9 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, which excludes currency effects. Very good growth pretty much across the board. EMEA was particularly strong with 30% growth. As previously mentioned, very good performance in the quarter with OEM customers. Latin America had another very strong quarter at 38%, and the U.S. and Asia Pacific both in the low 20% range. Emerging markets continue to demonstrate growth above the company average, and China was particularly strong at 36% year-over-year growth.  I'll turn now to Page 10 to free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $226 million, which represents conversion on net income of about 136%. That's a very good result. Year-to-date, free cash flow was at $231 million. That's conversion of about 73%.  We're below our targeted 100% conversion year-to-date. You may recall on Q1, we had a larger-than-normal payout of performance-based compensation that was earned in expense in the last fiscal year. With the very good progress in Q2, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 100% for the full year. We're continuing to monitor the status of our pension plan funding. And if we choose to make a discretionary contribution this year, cash conversion could be lower than the 100%.  During the quarter, we announced that we replaced our revolving credit facilities with a new $750 million 4-year facility. Previously, we had a one-year facility expiring in March 2011 and a 3-year expiring in March 2012. The previous facilities totaled approximately $568 million.  And that takes us to the final slide, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '11. As Keith mentioned, we've narrowed the guidance range. We've increased the range of full year sales to $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion. That's a $100 million increase at the new high end, about 1/2 of that increase is due to currency and the balance reflects a somewhat higher expectation for organic growth.  For the full year, the revenue range now reflects growth of approximately 15% to 17% excluding currency effects. The previous range was 12% to 16%.  For the full year, we now expect currency to contribute approximately 2 points to growth. Based on currency rates experienced in the second quarter, we've increased that by a little more than 1 point from our previous guidance. We continue to expect segment margin to be about 17%. Our fiscal 2011 guidance for diluted earnings per share is now $4.40 to $4.60.  Using the high end of the guidance range as an example, we added $100 million of sales but did not increase EPS guidance. The additional earnings contribution due to sales increases that are attributable to currency effects is not large, coupled with the contribution we expect from some additional organic growth, that favorable impact is being offset by some of the mixed effects we experienced in Q2. Added headwinds in the balance of the year related to material costs and oil price increases and a moderate negative impact on EPS calculation of higher share count.  A couple of other items related to the full year guidance. We expect the full year tax rate of 20% to 21%. And we continue to expect general corporate net expense to be an expense of about $80 million for the full year.  With that, I'll turn it over to Rondi, and we'll begin the Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. So operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: The first question is from Rob Cornell, Barclays Capital..
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: A lot of ground to cover. You actually talked about the emerging headwinds and so forth and so on. I'm just wondering if you'd seen in your inquiry level and your funnel level, in your customer response if you've actually seen any change in customer behavior, any pullback in anticipated business as a result of the various macroeconomic headwinds you talked about.
Keith Nosbusch: Bob, at this time, we have not seen any change in what our expectations were. As we talked about guidance last time where we expected an improvement in our Solutions business in the second half of the year, we still expect that to happen. If you look at -- we did have some increase in our front log in the quarter and a slight increase mainly in solutions in our backlog in the quarter. So and improvement in, I'll say, the large CapEx projects that are in the funnel, if you will, in North America particularly as we exited the quarter. So that kind of goes back to the comment I made about the industrial metrics that we monitor still have remained strong. So at this point, we have not seen a reaction to the aspects of our core ordering. What we have seen -- I guess, to maybe just put a little more color on it, is we have seen a slowdown and change in Middle East and North Africa. And while that's not a large part of our business, there are some -- the work is just not being done there at the current time. And that is impacting both ongoing projects and future projects, but it is a small enough number that we did not see a big impact in our performance or expect a big impact in our performance from that. With respect to Japan, the impact there was not felt in the quarter at all. And in fact, Japan had a good quarter, which is a little -- may seem a little strange, but we have not seen the impact there. The Japan situation is something that we are monitoring very, very closely, because it's a potential impact to our supply chain. We do not believe there will be an impact to our supply chain in the third quarter. We have adequate stocks and inventories and the supply chain can support our third quarter. We are very mindful and watching the fourth quarter and beyond. And in particular, our concern with respect to Japan and the supply chain is really the sub-tier suppliers to our component suppliers. There is some heavy concentration in some of the industries that support particularly electronics. And those sub-suppliers have been impacted, and it's a question of when they can get their production lines running, when the environment there will stabilize both in transportation and energy, and will we be able to maintain an adequate supply or find adequate replacement that could impact at some point in our fourth quarter or more probably going into 2012. So our concern in the macro area is really Middle East, North Africa and supply chain of component suppliers from Japan, as we move into our fourth quarter.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: One final question from me. You mentioned the adverse impact of material cost inflation. I think you guys put through price increases that will offset that later in the year.
Theodore Crandall: We've put through a price increase, Bob, in most of the world in November last fall. I would say for the full year this year, we were expecting a price realization of something less than a point. Year-to-date, we're running close to that, maybe a little bit less. But we also expect it for the full year that price would significantly offset material cost increases, and that's what we're running somewhat behind. Through the first half, price cost is more of a headwind than we originally expected. Based on our current projections for the full year, we now expect material cost increases to significantly exceed what we get in pricing. But we are, right now, evaluating both the timing and magnitude of our next price increase.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Right. I mean, so if you would implement a price increase, when would that impact, and when would you be able to reflect that in your sales?
Theodore Crandall: I wouldn't not expect the benefit from any future price increases to materially affect this year.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's all for me. Talk to you later. Bye
Operator: Next question is from Mark Douglass, Longbow Research.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Keith, can you talk a little bit about how Logix did in the quarter? And in particular I'm curious what it's like as far as penetration into process and markets, and then with the PlantPAx initiative?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. Well, Logix for the year was up -- I'm sorry, for the quarter, was up 21% year-over-year, which is basically the same growth rate as the A&S segment was. We continue to expect that we would see double-digit growth from Logix across all regions for the remainder of the year. And if you look at the impact into our process area, we continue to make progress in expanding our Logix platform in process. If we look at our process initiative, basically, our products portion of that grew at about the same level as Logix in the quarter. And we've seen improvement and higher growth in particular in the emerging markets of Asia Pacific and Latin America. Those were the strongest performers this past quarter. And we continue to see progress being made in new application in the continuous process space. And those applications are areas that we can now address either because of the Logix platform or our process safety platform that was part of our ICST acquisition. And being able to win greenfield applications and greenfield sites against what I would say are the more traditional DCS suppliers.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: And then on emerging market, is the mix there tend to be more MicroLogix versus ControlLogix?
Keith Nosbusch: No, not in the process industry. In the process space, it's definitely Logix, which is driving the growth in the emerging markets, where you have a capability of selling both the Logix architecture or, I'll call it, our standalone machine-based solutions is really in the OEM market. And there, the emerging market OEMs are more heavily focused on both a CompactLogix or a MicroLogix solution, which is the reason we are coming out with the Micro800 family to be able to focus on the more component-centric buyer, standalone machine OEMs that we want to be able to address with a more aggressive price performance offering for the emerging market OEMs. And that's something that as the Micro800 matures and actually is introduced, we'll be able to help us penetrate more of that low-end segment of the OEM space. And that's where the difference is between emerging and mature markets, it's in that machine builder OEM space, not process.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just final question, can you describe what automotive is looking like globally? Is that same spending still fairly robust there? And then in Japan, impacted their investments spending plans at this point?
Keith Nosbusch: Automotive continues to be a very strong vertical and continues to be our strongest vertical, and that really is worldwide. And as of now, we have not seen an impact on spending or projects with respect to the supply chain issues. Now we are not on the vehicles, so the fact that they're running at less capacity does not immediately impact us as a supplier. But, I think, you probably have seen the comments from Toyota just recently where they expect substantial production declines over an extended period of time. Our only concern with automotive is if there is a prolonged reduction in production, that's going to impact their investment simply because of profitability and cash flow. And that is something that could be an impact later, but today, projects actually have increased in the quarter. I should say the front log of projects, particularly in North America, have increased in the quarter in auto. And we are seeing continued strength in Asia Pacific and Latin America. So no change yet. A concern in the future that if there is a supply chain, extended supply-chain disruption that some of the automakers may have to revisit some of their CapEx spending just simply based upon current business performance.
Operator: The next question is from John Inch, Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I just wanted to ask you about the midpoint. I mean I got the commentary on why the top end of the range wasn't changed. But you raised the midpoint by $0.05. But if I compare sort of your outlook this year versus last year -- I'm sorry, versus last quarter for this year, I think, currency is an extra $50 million. If you convert that at your 17% margin target, that's basically $50 million. Basically, I think, we're set about $0.05 as the midpoint. I guess I just don't understand why if you've still got another $100 million in the revenue, why did that not even if you didn't give a 35% variable contribution, why isn't that another sort of 10-plus cents on top of that to move that midpoint a little bit higher? Are you just -- is it because of the uncertainty in the back half? Or some of the other things you talked about with respect to mix? Or is there something else?
Keith Nosbusch: No. I would say you captured the sense [ph] or just primarily -- the volume is primarily offset by increased expectations of higher material costs, as well as some negative mix, and then, there's also a negative contribution from share count that's roughly about $0.04.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And that you don't have plans at this point to offset to a greater degree? I mean you guys have a pretty strong balance sheet, and you have been buying your shares. I mean why not hold those share count in check?
Theodore Crandall: Well, I mean exactly what we buy in the balance of the year is going to depend on, as you know, cash generation, what we end up spending on acquisitions this year whether or not we do a discretionary pension contribution. But originally, we were intending to offset dilutions from equity awards. We're pretty much on track to do that through the first half depending on all of those other factors, as well as where the price is in the second half. We'll decide how much we're going to repurchase in the second half. Right now, we did not assume a higher rate of repurchases that would reduce that dilution effect.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you guys talk a little bit or provide a little more color on your raws or material cost inflation? I mean a lot of your -- a lot of what kind of makes your products up is electronics, right, which tends to go down in price. I mean, a lot of your products look like computers. What exactly is the nature of the raws inflation? It wouldn't appear to be oil. Is it metals cost? And maybe just sort of a sensitivity around that might be helpful.
Theodore Crandall: I would say the principal items where we are seeing inflation this year are copper, steel, silver and oil prices and rare earth materials, rare earth elements. Those are the principal areas where we're seeing inflation this year. If you look at Q2, we saw probably in the year-over-year comparison about one point of margin loss to material cost inflation including oil prices related to transportation costs. We have plans for some of that but not all of that. And I would say the supplied areas on a year-over-year basis are more silver and the rare earth elements and oil costs than it is copper and metal at this point of the year.
Keith Nosbusch: John, the only other comment that I would add to what Ted said is part of the cost increases that are not just in the raw materials, they are in the component prices because we did go out and did the best we could to protect our customers with buying components that we thought were going to be in trouble based upon Japan. And we had to buy those components in different markets from different channels than would be our traditional suppliers so we could increase inventory and protect production. And that cost us, and we expect it to cost us a little more money in the second half of the year to be able to do that. And quite candidly, we felt that was a good trade-off and one that we would make basically any day, to do the best we can, as fast as we can to provide a little more confidence in our supply chain to be able to support the growth, particularly at the growth rates we're now seeing. I mean, it's very important to us to keep driving growth and to minimize as best we can any supply-chain disruption, and I've got to hand it to our supply chain people, our logistics people. They have done a great job in managing the front end of this process, and we feel as good as we can about the outlook there. But it did cost us some money to be able to protect, as best we could with inventory, our manufacturing lines.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right, that make sense. I think, it does actually make sense, strategically. So what kind of an inventory build on that front then did you realize? And all else equal, I think, based on what you're saying, Keith, is there a right you kind of locked in a little bit of higher pricing -- I'm sorry, higher cost in your components to support your revenues. But in theory, this should create a little bit of a tailwind, I would think, heading into fiscal '12. Just curious on both fronts but your cash flow looked actually pretty good. How much inventory did you actually build to support this? And then does this create sort of a bit of a materials tailwind if you get beyond the next couple of quarters or so?
Theodore Crandall: Let me address the inventory question first. I would say in Q2, there was a modest increase in inventory related to trying to build up, related supply-chain issues in Japan, modest meaning less than $5 million.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Theodore Crandall: If we could get all of the additional inventory, we would like to get to provide some additional safety stock in the supply-chain related to such issues, between now and the end of the year we might add another $20 million. Frankly, I would be very surprised if we could get all of that.
Keith Nosbusch: Whether or not it's a tailwind will depend on what happens in the supply-chain over the third and fourth quarters, and we just don't have that visibility right now. Obviously, our goal would be to bleed it off and operate with what we would call more normal inventory levels. But that's also dependent upon lead times for that inventory. And we are seeing lead times in some of these components stretched out. So those are the two variables, John. The lead times and the actual availability.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just lastly, the lead times stretching. I'm assuming this is specifically tied to electronics? Or is there some other...
Keith Nosbusch: I was speaking specifically to electronic components. Sorry for not making that clear. It's not around the copper. It's not around the steel and the other pieces that Ted mentioned.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just -- I'm sorry for this last one. But is there any sort of specialized electronic component here you only source from Japan or you are tiered supplier source from Japan that makes that somewhat of an obstacle if you're trying to circumvent that? Or for instance, can you just alternatively just find parallel supply chains in Korea or other countries?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, there's two dimensions to that question. One is we have to qualify any new suppliers. And that takes time. So one is qualifying new suppliers if they did. The second is there's a couple of raw materials that are predominantly supplied in Japan for the world. That's some of the resins for the cases of a component. It's some of the films for the components. So it is a very concentrated industry with some of the plants being in the radioactive zone. So some of this is just total global supply. Other aspects are just about qualifying new vendors to be able to certify their part in our products.
Operator: The next question is from Shannon O'Callaghan, Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So on the mix impact from the strong OEM growth, I mean given the success really of that initiative, I guess I would expect that to continue. So do you expect -- I guess, do you expect the mix to get any better from here? And if not, sort of what are the things that improved the incrementals in A&S versus or across the company versus what we saw in 2Q? It doesn't sound like its price. It's more of a '12 impact maybe just some the sequential moving parts on incremental margins.
Theodore Crandall: I think, there are really three things related to the incrementals in the second half that represent improvement. First, is we get past the significant spending ramp in the second half of last year, so we lack that as we entered the second half of this year. The second is we do expect somewhat better mix. Keith referred to the very strong growth with OEMs in Europe and the very strong growth we have in the motion control product lines, which are somewhat below average margin product lines in the A&S space. We expect to see that be somewhat more balanced in the second half of the year both in terms of motion control versus the balance in the A&S portfolio, but also in terms of our growth in Europe versus our growth in North America. And then the third factor in some of better conversion margin in the second half is modestly higher volumes.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. That makes sense. And then you talked about a couple of verticals, maybe just go through across the company. Where you have seen the most strength, what's sort of picking up, what's moderating across verticals?
Keith Nosbusch: Absolutely. The current situation would be those performing above Rockwell Automation average would be transportation, which we would include auto and tire in that mining. The verticals that are, at the company average, really are heavily in the heavy industries, oil and gas, particularly in Latin America and Asia Pacific. Metals is getting a little stronger mainly due to the automotive demands and commodity prices that are out there now. And those, that are -- and we're starting to see growth again in the life sciences area at about the company average. And that one was lying previously. Likewise, water and wastewater continues to be a solid vertical. The below average really is around food and beverage. Now I don't want that to be a negative. It sounded like a negative because food and beverage never is dramatically high but it never is substantially weak. And so it just keeps moving along at the expected rate. It just so happens that these growth rates is below the company average. But we still do very well there, and it's a very important segment for us. And within the Consumer segment, we are seeing some improvement in the home and personal care sector, particularly in some of the large project spending, which means there is -- there are new lines coming on in that OEM and vertical segment, which would mainly be things like around converting machines for personal care products or for other aspects of home care. So that's what we're seeing. The strength that at this point in time and that's how we're seeing the different verticals across Rockwell Automation.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. That's great.
Operator: The next question is from Julian Mitchell, Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: My first question, I guess -- I mean you mentioned globally what you're seeing in automotive earlier. Can you talk a bit about what you're seeing among Chinese sort of auto customer specifically because, I guess, the one difference of Chinese auto versus everywhere else is, obviously, they have supply-chain issues. But the demand side in China, I guess, has been weaker for 5 or 6 months in automotive. So if they'd have a combination of weaker demand plus supply-chain problems, you're much more likely to see some kind of a CapEx move. So maybe just an update there. Obviously, your overall China business is up very strongly. What sort of growth rate do you expect for the full year in China overall?
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. Let's talk about automotive in China first. You're absolutely right. The last couple of months, auto sales have slowed, and that's really mainly because of the incentives the Chinese have placed in that market have stopped, and also the thought of, are they going to continue to limit the availability of, I'll call it, licenses, in some of the major cities, being Beijing and Shanghai, are the ones most talked about. But we have not -- given that, we are still not seeing any slowdown in the spending or the investments that are going on in China. In particular, some of the multinationals are continuing to expand their joint ventures. And some of the leading Chinese manufacturers, domestic manufacturers, are also increasing their capacity. I think if there is any fallout, it will be in the second tier and third tier suppliers as opposed to the 5 to 10 leading suppliers that are competing very aggressively in China. So we also see there that we are able to work both across the automation space as well as the information space in the automotive market. And that is one of the areas that we have targeted for our information solutions growth, and we are seeing some start of traction in that spaces well in China. With respect to China in general, we continue to see the high growth. This was in the high 30s, and if you remember the last 3 quarters we were up 40 and 40-plus. So obviously, we're going to start lapping some very, very strong growth quarters in the second half of our year. We expect that we will continue to see solid growth. And for the full year, we expect to be a little over 20% for the full year. And we do expect that China will continue to be able to grow at that rate over the short and intermediate term. And we continue to add resources. We continue to expand our distribution and channel capabilities in China and continue to build out the organization infrastructure to be able to absorb that growth. And we're very cognizant of the need to have the resources and the structure and the talent to be able to continue to drive growth in that market. And we know we're outperforming the underlying market growth there. So we feel good about China and its future for Rockwell Automation.
Julian Mitchell: And then just one question on the margins. I mean, your gross margin was down a little bit year-on-year in Q1, down a bit more in Q2. I guess because of those sort of three factors you talked about earlier. There is the gross margin expands again year-on-year in the second half. Is that reasonable? Just in the sense, your segment margin guidance implies about 200 bps of margin growth year-on-year in the second half against about, what, 150 in Q2.
Theodore Crandall: I think, that's correct. I think your interpretation is reasonable.
Operator: Your next question is from Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I just had a couple of quick questions on the margin. Ted, your comments regarding the one point hit to gross margin for the quarter, I assume that was net of the price increase that was put in November, is that correct?
Theodore Crandall: No, that's not net of the price increase. That's kind of the pure what are we seeing in cost increase year-over-year.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. So that's a gross number, okay. And then on the price side, why -- is it your typical fashion to put through price increases at a particular part of the year? Or why wouldn't you be a little more aggressive on putting through a price increase here to offset the material costs? Is their some kind of a competitive dynamic that's affecting that decision process at all?
Theodore Crandall: I would say, it has been our practice to put through price increases at a particularly point in the year. We've deviated a little bit from that in the last two years in part because of the economic conditions. But because we sell as much as we do through distribution, we need to give distributors some appropriate warning and time to get the new prices implemented.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. So I mean, we should -- I think, it was in November we should think about this as kind of affecting the first quarter of 2012 is kind of what you're thinking right now? Or is it going to be sooner than that?
Theodore Crandall: Well, I mean, I think, in terms of seeing any impact from a price increase, thinking about first quarter 2012 is reasonable.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just a big picture question on Japan. Keith, are you seeing any incremental decisions here from the Japanese OEMs on adding capacity here in North America? They are getting hit because they produce certain products solely in Japan. From a risk standpoint, it would seem like they'd be a little more willing to have more products dual-sourced or dual-produced, I should say. How should we think about that? Are you seeing any signs of that? I know it's early though so any color around that would be helpful.
Keith Nosbusch: I think the answer to the question at the end there it's very early. I think, right now, they are still in scramble mode trying to come up with the best evaluation of what does the short and intermediate term look like. Based upon what that tells them, they would then make longer-term decisions, and if it would be to diversify locations and expand their supply chain from a geography standpoint. I think that's a much longer term decision and one that they haven't gotten to the point of making at this time.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then last quick one, what was the Solution's book-to-bill in the quarter?
Theodore Crandall: It was up 1.06.
Operator: The next question is from Terry Darling, Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I appreciate all the detail on the puts and takes on the margins. I'm just trying to make sure I've got the path forward clear. So Ted, the 1 point margin impact in 2Q that you called out as gross, you also said price was up just a bit less than 1%. So net, maybe you got 25 basis point headwind, something like that. A, is that correct? And B, how does that look in the plan, Q3 and Q4?
Theodore Crandall: I don't want to confirm a 25 basis points headwind but how you characterized it is correct. I would say going forward, in Q3, Q4 we're expecting about the same impact for material cost inflation, maybe slightly higher. And we are expecting a slightly better realization on price in the second half than we've got in Q2.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So that net headwind actually gets less during the next couple of quarters then?
Theodore Crandall: Yes, but I would say slightly.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then on the organic revenue increase, the $50 million. How much of that was outperformance this quarter versus what you're seeing over the next couple of quarters? And which end-markets and/or product areas are you seeing that greater optimism on the organic piece of the increase revenue guidance?
Theodore Crandall: Well, I think, it would be fair to say we're talking about roughly $50 million. We don't give quarterly guidance so I'm a little bit reluctant to talk about how much we exceeded our expectations or missed our expectations in Q2. But clearly, Q2 was a pretty strong quarter for us so some of that $50 million relates to outperformance in Q2 and some of it is increased sales in the balance of the year. I am not sure, Keith, but I'm not sure I would pick any particular vertical or region to say that, that's, where we have better expectations. It's pretty much across the board. And it's a small number.
Keith Nosbusch: A small number. That's just what I was going to say. It's a small enough number that the accuracy we have to pinpoint that, we're going to see pluses and minuses, and I think we just felt that was the net results of those pluses and minuses throughout the remainder of the year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly, can you update us on how acquisition pipeline looks at this point? You talked about the South Africa deal. Do you see more of those small bolt-ons out there?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, we continue to, I mean, that is the model. We believe small bolt-ons is the way to expand our footprint, expand our domain expertise, fill technology gaps and really allow us to do more for our customers and expand the portfolio. So I'm hoping that we'll have another one to talk about in the near future here. And we continue to exercise the pipeline, and we continue to drive opportunities on a global basis. As I would say, in the last 12 months, 18 months, we certainly tried to expand the radar screen to have a much more interest on companies that are in emerging markets and are able to help us grow faster in those high growth potential areas, so we think we have a solid pipeline. And as Ted mentioned, that is one of the options for cash deployment. And that's why we are trying to balance the cash needs of running the business with acquisitions with return of excess to shareholders whether that's dividends or whether that's a dividend increase or whether that's ramping up in the second half of the year, our stock repurchase. We still have, as you mentioned, a question around a voluntary contribution to the pension plan. That can also impact that. And what we try to do is to make sure we are able to make any acquisitions that we want and after that, we apply it to those other categories. So it is kind of a number of moving parts that we want to stay in sync at all times.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Spake[ph] .
Unknown Analyst - : A lot of ground covered so I'll be brief. I just want to get a little bit more into the mix and kind of the essence of my question is obviously, you are going to have kind of quarter-to-quarter gyrations in the mix. But to what extent are we seeing a kind of the cyclical transition in the mix that's quasi-permanent, if you get my drift, towards larger projects and the like. And how should we think about that impacting the margins?
Keith Nosbusch: Jeff, I guess the most clear answer would be, time will tell. At this point, we don't think there's any cyclical transition occurring in our mix. I mean, if you think about Q2 to Q3, I mentioned that we had kind of an unusual $22 million project shipment in the Solutions business, which kind of increased the Solutions versus product mix in Q2. We think in Q3 that goes back to a somewhat normal level. And then we talked about A&S, a specific issue of a very high OEM sales in Europe, with a disproportionate part of that in Motion Control. We also think that goes back to a normal, more normal level as we get through the balance of the year. Frankly, if in the balance of year, Motion Control continues growing at 40% year-over-year, on top of the conversion margin because of that, I'm not going to be disappointed.
Unknown Analyst - : I got it. And actually on that issue, motion. Is that a business where you think you permanently would have below-segment margins? Or is it just because you're in a growth and investment phase? Should that business, inherently, move up towards the segment average over time? Or is there something that's fundamentally different about the business that will hold the margins back?
Keith Nosbusch: No. I mean there certainly are differences in that business, and we kind of have characterized the A&S segment as really made up of two pieces, if you will. The one piece is the controllers and software. And that has margins above the segment average. We also have, for lack of a better word, peripheral products, which is, where we have Motion Control and a lot of our component, Sensing and Safety businesses. Those have very good product margins. It just so happens they're not at the same level as our software and controllers. And so they are below the segment average. And while those are very good margins, and as Ted said, we'd be happy to report continued growth in any of those, and we have talked about the high rates of growth in Safety. And in EMEA, by the way, we have another high growth rate this quarter. So those two pieces make up a very important piece of our OEM portfolio. And the other positive part of this is we are now selling more of our portfolio on the machines. And that's a real positive for the conversion and for the ongoing building of this annuity at OEMs. And more importantly, why we are excited about building that OEM segment is because at some point in the future, it converts to MRO business. And certainly the MRO business in our products is also a very solid and important portion of the business, not just to Rockwell Automation but for our channel partners as well. So it's strictly a what's really good and what's good. And that's the dynamics that are playing on here with the margin, but we're absolutely excited about OEM business. We're excited about our Motion business, our Sensing Component businesses, our Safety Components. Those are all great businesses. And our goal is to grow on as fast as possible and as a long as possible so we can build an installed base, as well as being the control supplier of choice at those OEMs and sell them everything out of our portfolio. So, I think, that's -- we continue to work on margins in all our businesses, including our controllers and our software. So the goal is how can we improve all of our margins, but the mix continues to be one that given on how that plays out in any given quarter, can move the average A&S margin a little bit up or down.
Unknown Analyst - : Got it. And just to clarify though, the motion margins are not disproportionally below, where those other tranche of product safety and other things are part. It's in the path.
Keith Nosbusch: No, they're not. Now I will say there is a dimension of motion, the mechanical part, the several motor part. That is a little bit below, but it's still very solid margin business. The rest of the components are certainly very consistent with the component margins we have in our CP&S business as well as the other component portions of our portfolio. So there is nothing fundamentally wrong with any of those businesses that we have to, I'll say, fix. They are just different margin businesses, but they are all great performers.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Koznarek, Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Just under the wire, I will be quick. You might have even touched on this because I did get on a little late but just talking about the conversion margins for the quarter, that by my calculation were 22% net is below your 30% to 40% target. And right as I got on, you were enumerating some of the issues, the raw material issue, the mix, OEM mix that you just went through in some detail. And then also you've indicated before this growth in Solutions that will occur as project activity picks up. So I'm just wondering if you can rank order the importance of those three headwinds as they affected the conversion margins in the quarter.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I would say that the mix and the increased material cost had about an equal impact on conversion margin in the quarter. And there was also a modest negative impact due to currency translation.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. So the Solutions mix wasn't really an issue at all in the quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Oh, no. I'm sorry. When I talk about mix, there were basically two mix impacts. One was solutions versus product and then the other was a mix within the A&S segment.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Yes, I'm asking you to separate those two if you could, just in terms of priority. Which was more important?
Keith Nosbusch: I think, for our purposes today, I think, it would be fair to say they're about equal.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. So all these things are more or less equal, then. And we see at least 2 of them -- well one of them going away that OEM on machine ratio will get back in the balance in the second half. And then you talked about how the raw material issue will be offset by more price. So I guess we do have two of them kind of abating as time goes on.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, and what we talked about first half versus second half was in terms of conversion margin is we get to the second half and we kind of lapped the significant spending increases that occurred in the second half of last year. That's one factor. The second was somewhat better mix in the balance of the year and then the third factor was somewhat higher organic volume.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. So with that, we're going to wrap up today's call, and we thank all of you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Theodore Crandall - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Keith Nosbusch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development
Analysts: Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital Julian Mitchell D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation Quarterly Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Wanda. I appreciate it. Good morning. Thank you everyone for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2011 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning. The press release and charts have been posted to our Web site at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer.  Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include his comments on our company’s performance in the first quarter and some outlook comments, and then Ted will provide more details around the fourth quarter results and our revised guidance for fiscal 2011. We’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks and we want to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. We expect the call today to take about an hour, and as is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. But before I turn it over to Keith, I have to say that we have a pretty unique situation here at Rockwell. As you may or may not know, Keith is from Wisconsin, but Ted is from Pittsburgh and they both played college football, so football is definitely in their blood. So it's Packer nation against Steeler nation here at Rockwell until the Super Bowl. So we'll try not to get too distracted about that and sorry, Ted, but I think you're outnumbered. So with that, Keith I'll turn the call over to you.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi, I think. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call today, I certainly appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. We had a great start to the fiscal year. The 28% revenue growth in Q1 was broad-based, with all regions and both segments exceeding our expectations. We believe a few points of this growth came from year-end budget consumption by our customers, similar to last year, but even if we stripped that out, it was a great quarter. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of operating earnings improvement and topped 16% consecutive operating margin, and we almost doubled earnings per share from a year ago. After-cash return on invested capital at the end of December was 25.6%, which is now well above our long-term goal of 20% and is approaching the 26% peak that we saw in the last cycle.  I'm sure by now you have all seen the reported financial results, but let me highlight some other indications of progress in Q1. EMEA had year-over-year sales growth of over 30%, not quite back to 2008 levels, but after lagging the rest of the world in recovery, it looks like our business in the EMEA region has turned the corner. Our sales growth in emerging markets was well above the company average in Q1. This was our third consecutive quarter of 40% or higher year-over-year growth in China. The comps shared will get tougher from here on out, but we are confident China will deliver more than 20% growth in fiscal 2011. India grew over 30% and Latin America, with 42% growth, had its third consecutive quarter of robust growth.  Our OEM business was strong again this quarter, over 50% growth in our Machine Safety business. This is an indicator that our OEM strategy is working, and we are seeing more penetration of safety content on machines. And Logix grew 38% in the quarter, establishing a new high for quarterly revenue, exceeding the previous high in Q4 of 2008. All of this is evidence that our global sales and marketing organization is doing a great job of executing our targeted initiatives.  Lastly, we announced the acquisition of Hiprom, a system integrator based in South Africa that is focused on the mining and mineral processing industries. This is right in the sweet spot of our acquisition strategy, a niche acquisition that supports process in emerging markets that will be catalytic to organic growth. We expect to close this transaction around the end of February. Overall, a great quarter for us and an excellent start to the fiscal year. Let's shift gears and talk about 2011. Our performance in Q1, along with positive macroeconomic trends and forecasts, make us optimistic that the recovery will continue in fiscal 2011. The tone from our customers regarding their CapEx spending is improving, but the timing of larger project spending in mature markets remains somewhat uncertain. No recovery is linear, and our quarterly results will oscillate around a trend line, but the good news is that the trend line is heading in the right direction. We expect our year-over-year growth rates to moderate in the remainder of the year, as the comparisons to last year begin to get more difficult.  Taking all of that into consideration, we are revising our guidance for fiscal 2011. We are now projecting revenue growth of 12% to 16%, excluding currency. Based on this revenue outlook, we are revising fiscal 2011 earnings per share guidance to $4.30 to $4.60. This is about an 11% increase in EPS at the midpoint, and if we end the year anywhere in this range, that will represent record earnings per share for the company. Let me close by saying that I'm very proud of the people and partners of Rockwell Automation. Through their dedication and expertise, they have proven that they can execute in the tough times and capitalize on growth opportunities that this recovery has progressed. The members of our global organization, both those that touched the customer and those behind the scenes, know how to be flexible and responsive to customer needs and that is what it takes to succeed. And that is why I'm confident that we will continue to grow and deliver superior returns to our shareholders. And even though that Ted is a Steelers fan, I will now turn it over to him to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2011. Ted?
Theodore Crandall: Good morning, everyone. As you can imagine, this is a somewhat difficult time to be a Steelers fan in Wisconsin, and since I am surrounded by Packers fans at the moment, including my boss, I guess what I can safely say is I'm looking forward to a good game. At any rate, as Rondi mentioned, we posted charts for our website and my comments will reference those charts. As Keith noted, the Q1 results reflect a continuing global economic recovery, good execution across our businesses and regions and another very strong quarter for financial performance. So starting with Chart 1, the Q1 results summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1.366 billion. That's up 28% compared to Q1 last year. The year-over-year impact of currency translation was less than $2 million, so a negligible impact. Segment operating earnings were $222 million, and increase of 62%, compared to $137 million in Q1 last year. General corporate net was $15.7 million, down from $19.5 million a year ago. We indicated about $86 million in general corporate net expense for the full year in our November guidance, so Q1 was well below that run rate. The lower level was due primarily to a gain on the sale of an investment.  The effective tax rate in the quarter was 19.6%. That's slightly below the low-end of our full-year guidance range. We benefited in the quarter from the retroactive impact of the R&D tax credit extension. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.04, almost double last year's $0.54.  Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter was 144.5 million. We repurchased approximately 700,000 shares in Q1 at a cost of about $49 million. Despite share repurchases over the past year, the average diluted share count is up about 800,000 shares year-over-year. That increase is primarily due to the effect of a higher share price on the dilution calculation. Moving to Chart 2, the Q1 Results: Rockwell Automation. As I noted previously, sales for quarter one increased 28% year-over-year, but also increased about 1% sequentially. Q1 is our third consecutive quarter with year-over-year growth over 25%. Regarding the sequential sales increase of 1%, we typically experienced a modest decline sequentially from Q4 to Q1, so this was a better-than-expected start to the fiscal year. We suspect Q1 may have benefited from some customers using calendar year capital and operating expense budgets and in Asia, it appears that some project business may have been pulled in from Q2 due to the timing of the lunar new year this year, but clearly Q1 also saw continued growth in fundamental demand. Moving to the earnings side of the chart. You can observe a steady improvement over the course of last year, and I would also point out the sequential step up in earnings from Q4 to Q1 on a relatively modest sales increase.  Operating margin for the quarter was 16.3%, up 3.5 points from 12.8% in Q1 last year. That margin improvement reflects some good volume leverage offset by both higher compensation costs and growth spending. Q1 last year was the last quarter to benefit from the salary reductions and the suspension of the 401(k) match that we implemented during the downturn. It was also the last quarter before increased compensation expense associated with the global salary and wage increase. You might also remember that we began to accelerate growth spending in the second half of last year. So in Q1, volume leverage had to overcome both of these items to deliver the improved operating margins. On a different note, although it's not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 25.7%. That's up from 9.5% in Q1 last year, largely due to the increased earnings. As Keith noted, ROIC is almost back to the peak of 26% that we experienced in the second quarter of fiscal year '08. Now please turn to Chart 3, which summarizes the Q1 results in the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, we'll now experience seven consecutive quarters of sequential sales growth in the Architecture & Software segment. You can see four of those quarters reflected here. Year-over-year growth in Q1 was 31%. Currency had a slight negative impact on sales on a year-over-year basis. Architecture & Software sales in Q1 were up 7% sequentially and operating margin for the quarter was 24.9%, up 3.8 points from Q1 last year and up 2.6 points sequentially. Chart 4 covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in Q1 were up 26% compared to last year, with a very minor positive impact from currency. Sales were down 4% sequentially. In the product portion of Control Products & Solutions, sales were up 4% sequentially, but that was offset by a 9% sequential decline in solutions and services, and that's a typical Q4-Q1 pattern in that portion of the Control Products & Solutions segment. Segment operating earnings increased 82% year-over-year with a related 2.9-point improvement in operating margin. Sequentially, operating earnings were down 10% and operating margin contracted by less than a point, in both cases consistent with the lower volume. The next chart, Chart 5, provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. I'll focus my comments on the far right column, excluding currency effects. Very strong sales growth to every region, the U.S., Canada, EMEA and Asia-Pacific were all in the high 20s to low 30% in terms of year-over-year growth, with Latin America leading all other regions at 42%. Emerging markets were particularly strong in the quarter. In total up 38%, with China up 40%. This is the third consecutive quarter for 40-plus percent year-over-year growth in China. I'll turn now to Chart 6, Free Cash Flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $4 million, slightly better than a breakeven result. Q1 is typically a weaker cash flow quarter and we expected this Q1 to be especially low due to the larger-than-normal payout of performance-based compensation that was earned and expensed in the last fiscal year. You can see that impact in the compensation and benefits line.  Despite the slow start in Q1, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of about 100% for the full year. The only qualifier I would put on the free cash flow expectation is that we will continue to monitor the status of our pension plan funding and if we choose to make a discretionary contribution this year, cash conversion could be somewhat lower. And that takes us to the final slide, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal '11. As Keith mentioned, we're revising guidance. We've increased the range of full-year sales to $5.5 billion to $5.7 billion. That's a $200 million increase across the range compared to our previous guidance. The new low-end of our revenue range is equal to the previous high-end. Excluding currency effects for the full year, net revenue range now represents growth of 12% to 16%. The previous range was 8% to 12%, so that's a four-point increase in year-over-year growth across the range.  For the full year, we expect currency to contribute about one point of growth, which is the same expectation as previous guidance. We expect segment margin to be about 17% or maybe a bit higher. The previous range was 16% to 17%. We've increased our fiscal 2011 guidance per diluted earnings per share to a range of $4.30 to $4.60. We continue to expect the full-year tax rate of 20% to 22%, and perhaps the other item worth commenting on is general corporate net. There we now expect expense to be closer to $80 million for the full year. This guidance includes the expected results of the acquisition we recently announced, but with respect to full-year sales and earnings, it's not really large enough to make a meaningful impact. With that, I'll turn it back over to Rondi and we'll begin the Q&A session.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks, Ted. So Wanda, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Cornell with Barclays Capital.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: So obviously a remarkable quarter, but when you look at the results, I mean it looks like you're still getting a lot of the MRO short-cycle stuff driving your software and are still looking to see that some of the systems projects, the bigger projects later in the year in fiscal '12. I mean, could you just give us a little color on that broad picture thought, please?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, Bob. The large projects, just to clarify: Really, we continue to see large projects in Asia-Pacific and in Latin America. So there, we're continuing to see the opportunities and the conversion and converting of those large project business. The large projects though, in EMEA and the U.S., what we would call the mature markets, there we have seen a significant pick-up in activity, but not really a significant change in the placement of those orders at this point in time. So you're right in that we're expecting that to pick up in the second half of the year. That's certainly what our analysis has told us so far. As that plays out in the second half of the year, it's really timing now as to whether the majority of that revenue will come within this fiscal year or slide in to fiscal '12.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Also the growth in Logix all of a sudden is truly remarkable. I mean maybe you could just give us some color around what's driving that. Maybe it's this project business you're talking about, but what's really driving that?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think there's a couple of things, Bob. One, automotive. There's no question that automotive, as a discrete industry, is a very significant utilizer of Logix, if you will. And so those projects, and we talked about that picking up in the second half of last year and strong into this year, that has been part of it. The other, I would say, two pieces of it is one, OEMs, and that's a global story. And certainly the other piece of that OEM story is the expansion of our portfolio to where we have more price-point products to be able to focus at a broader spectrum of the machine builders machines. And so we talked about it as CompactLogix, as you know. And so I would say the combination of strength at OEMs, a combination of our motion and safety capabilities within the Logix platform, and then the actual scalability of the Logix platform are all things that are expanding the business in addition to the process and the project activities. So I would say those are the three, four, five things that are creating it. But certainly, as you know, I mean, I have to make the comment, I don't think 38% is the ongoing rate of growth there. But it's just as evidence, I think, of the continued expansion of our served market and the execution of the strategy in that business.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: What's the view of sort of the incremental growth spend this year? You're starting the year with a lot of momentum. Is there the opportunity to spend more for growth? I mean, what's the view there and what should we think and plan for?
Theodore Crandall: Yes, Bob, I'll be frank. I mean, we're trying to get away from talking about a specific number for incremental spending, but our guidance does reflect some increased spending as sales continue to improve. And that would just be kind of a normal amount we would continue to layer on to ensure that we're investing appropriately for future growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Keith, how is PlantPAx progressing? What's going on as far as market penetration, share gains, any color on certain verticals or regions?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, with our Process business, we continue to expand the capabilities in that platform. One of the things that you probably remember from our investor conference in Automation Fair is that we're introducing, and that will be this quarter, PlantPAx 2.0, which really helps us expand into a number of areas. And we certainly think that that's going to be an advantage for us and it will allow us to address some of the larger continuous process industries and we are on track for that release. With respect to industries and applications, certainly as we started the process, it was really closely linked to the batch hybrid areas, and now we find it evolving into the heavier industries. And certainly one of the reasons we made the acquisition of Hiprom is because of the ability to address more of the mining and metals processing areas. And so that's another add to our capabilities in emerging markets, where obviously natural resources are more important. And we had a very successful quarter in Asia, where our Process business was up 40% year-over-year. So I would say emerging markets is where we're seeing the biggest impact of our process capabilities at this point in time. There's a lot of green field there. And there's a lot of expansion in those heavy industries. So that pretty much is where we are seeing it at this point in time.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: And have you tried to quantify potential effects of bonus depreciation in the U.S.? And what are customers saying? Or really is it just way too early to tell?
Keith Nosbusch: I think you answered it there. It is early to tell. I don't know if ever we're able to quantify it. We certainly believe though that anything that encourages investment is good for Rockwell Automation, but it's going to be hard to peel that piece of it out. And I think on the margin, it helps. And I think it's more beneficial to smaller and mid-sized companies that probably make more of their decision based upon that type of a benefit than large multinational corporations. But it's still early. I think we're seeing the conversations of improved outlooks and capital spending at customers, but to be able to make the call as to what's pushing that, that's still difficult.
D. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Certainly, it would probably be a nice tailwind to the OEM business that you're already getting a nice pickup.
Keith Nosbusch: Agreed. It will be a tailwind. It's just a question of how much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Keith or Ted, your China and India growth, if you were to sort of look at it from a vertical perspective. I know legacy, the growth in Automation in those markets has been in heavier industries right where you just haven't been as penetrated. I know you're taking steps to address that, but are you seeing the emergence of more kind of consumer-facing industries driving this? Or what do you really think is behind the China growth? Is it the way you filled in your distribution over the last three years? Or are there other things?
Keith Nosbusch: In China, I think, it's multidimensional, John. One is, there's no question infrastructure spending, stimulus spending in China, helped us in our sales. Two, your specific question around consumer, there is no question that automotive is growing and I think you're probably seeing the commentary about China is now the largest automotive market. So we're obviously strong in automotive, and we work very well with Chinese customers, both JDs, as well as indigenous Chinese manufacturers, so I would say that's it. And then in Q1, food, beverage and home and personal care had a strong quarter as well. So I think we're seeing that evolution into the consumer industry. That's one of the reasons we've talked about our ability to be successful in China. But today, the predominance is still the heavy industry resource-based activities and there we do very well, infrastructure and a few others. So Water Wastewater is one of those. But the consumer is coming on, and we think that will drive the growth in China over the next five to seven years.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Ted, the compensation and accelerated growth spending for the quarter, is there a way to quantify that? And can you confirm that sequentially there's no step-up, it's just basically we're now at that run rate? How much of a drag was it this quarter and what's the outlook?
Theodore Crandall: Well, I mean, there are a bunch of factors in the quarter. So the transactions ball parked probably about $0.06 or $0.07. That was somewhat offset by lower incentive compensation expense in the quarter and the ramp-up of gross spending last year probing the quarter, between the gross spending comp and the temp action, it's about five points of margin impact, negative margin impact in the quarter year-over-year.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So how does that sort of play on sequentially? Like there's no incremental step up is there as you roll into the Q2 through Q4?
Theodore Crandall: Well, around the temp actions, basically no incremental step up. We will have a normal merit increase, salary and wage increase that will be effective basically at the beginning of Q2. So there will be some step up there. And then in growth spending, we're continuing to increment growth spending, but nowhere near at the kind of rate we did in the second half of last year.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: If anything on a sequential margin basis, we had maybe a point or so of benefit from lower performance-based compensation expense in Q1 versus Q4.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: But you're saying that's not on a net basis. That's just with respect to that item, right?
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Yes, I know. Correct.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then what actually happened to your solutions orders or backlog in the quarter? It's obviously kind of a precursor to future product demand. I realize Solutions were down sequentially as they were normally on a seasonal basis. If you were to kind of adjust for that, what's the trend you were seeing in Solutions? And maybe there's a way to -- if you could give a little more color around sort of where or what industries or something like that?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, our Solutions business, once again, we had a book-to-bill that was over one. We would expect that based upon the strong shipments that Ted talked about. We normally have a decline in revenue in our Solutions business, Q4 to Q1. But orders continue to be strong and quite frankly, that's one of the reasons that we were able to raise our guidance range in revenue that we were able to see that backlog that we have built. And I believe the backlog Solutions is up 20% year-over-year. So that's what's giving us the confidence in the ability to have a stronger second half in Solutions. And right now, as we get towards the end of this quarter, really we talk about having six months of backlog in Solutions business, but that's not shippable backlog. That converts about 60% two quarters out. So we'll need to get a little more in between now and March. But at that point in time, most of the added orders will flow into fiscal year '12 revenue. But we continue to see the Solutions business grow on a year-over-year basis.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And North America and Europe versus emerging markets, is there any sort of Solutions color you could give there in terms of the backlog order growth?
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly in both the U.S. and Europe, we're seeing an uptick in the front log in our Solutions business and the activity, and we think that bodes well for later in the year and the first half of fiscal '12. I would say that's still where we're not seeing significant order increases from what we've been seeing previously. So I think the activity level is up, the front log is up and the large project solution placement we expect in the second half of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just a quick question, maybe for Ted. In the A&S segment of the business, I'm trying to come up with -- the incremental margin there was about 37%, which is a very good number. If you capture some of the growth investments and maybe make an assumption there, pull those growth investments out, the incremental margin was up closer to 50%. I mean are we trying to manage that to this 40%, 35% to 40% incremental? Is that kind of what we're balancing the growth investments with the underlying volume gains?
Theodore Crandall: I think we talked about this a little bit last quarter. I mean to say that we try to manage incrementals to that 30% to 40% range we have talked about probably gives us a little more credit to our ability to truly manage, especially on a quarter-to-quarter basis, then it's plausible. Basically we think that 30% to 40% incremental range in total across the company is the right balance of kind of delivering current period earnings, but also ensuring we've got the right level of investment to kind of continue to maximize organic growth in the latter part of this year and going forward. So we are managing to those levels, but I'd say not on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Keith, in terms of end markets within the A&S business in total, would your commentary be very similar in terms of those driving the growth? In other words, automotive, some of the infrastructure stuff, could you just give a little bit of color there in terms of maybe the three best growth markets there?
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly in A&S, the growth markets would be automotive and OEM would be the top two and then below that would be basically the product flow into the Solutions project-type of activities, in particular into process industries and food and beverage types of applications, which are always more Logix-centric. But one and two would definitely be automotive and OEMs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Interested in the comments about the year-end budget flush, which I think is consistent with what we've been hearing. You also mentioned the Asia pull-forward. How do you -- obviously you're not that concerned about the hangover from that. I mean, can you talk about how the first few weeks of January are looking? And if you feel like there's any catch-up effect after that in the second quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, certainly the quarter one was drawn throughout the quarter and obviously that's what made the comment about the end of the year performance. As we have move now into January, basically, we'll be seeing a typical January. And January always starts out slow. This one started out slow, but that's nothing that we didn't expect. Not all of that is simply because of the year-end pull-in, that's just basically everybody getting back from the holidays and budgets being reset and the normal pipeline time to get it back up into the cadence that they're going to use for the rest of the year. So we didn't see anything unusual up to this point in time. And we took all of that into consideration when we formulated our new higher level of guidance. So at this point, no surprises and no changes from what our expectations were as we exited last quarter and started this quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: And then on the larger project activity in developed markets, you were saying it's obviously activities picking up, cadence that comes, I guess, later in '11 or potentially '12. What are you assuming at this point from a guidance standpoint comes through in terms of large projects?
Keith Nosbusch: I think with our guidance, for us to be able to get to the high-end of the guidance, we're expecting a pick-up in our Solutions business in the second half of the year. And I think it would be fair to say, Shan, what we need to see is some large projects hitting as orders pretty much in Q2 or maybe worst-case very early in Q3 in the mature markets. We need to see an uptick in order entry, in large project activity in mature markets in order for that to kind of impact our second half of year sales.
Theodore Crandall: And we're just looking for a continuation of the large projects that we're currently seeing in Latin America and Asia Pacific throughout the remainder of the year. Based on what we're seeing in the front log in the mature markets and based on our most recent debriefing of sales organization, we think that it's a reasonable possibility and that's why it's reflected in the high-end of our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just Ted. I know you've answered this question a couple of different ways, but just in terms of incremental spending, I think $70 million was slated for this year. Should we assume that that's going to increase a little bit, but not too materially? Is that the way to think about it?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I mean, I think that's fair. $70 million was kind of the year-over-year carry-forward of the growth spending we started in the second half of last year. And in the guidance, particularly at the higher end, we are anticipating that we will continue to ramp that up, I don't think it would be large in comparison to the $70 million carry-over.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then in terms of just longer-term on margins here. You're still well below peak segment margins with your guidance and still have more to go with Solutions from a CapEx investment that's going to likely be made over the next 18 months. But just how should we think about ultimate margins, segment margins, timing in terms of getting back to that peak level and seems like you're on a little bit of a quicker trajectory in getting to that level. If you could just provide that color on that, that'd be great.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I guess what I would say is we never try to kind of look out and say we're going to get to peak margins in a certain year. But two things: First, I would say the margin recovery primarily based on top line recovery had been more quick that we expected in this economic cycle so far. And the other thing I would say is the notion of sustaining something in the order of 30% to 40% conversion margins on average through the, what I'd call the middle part of this growth cycle, I think, gives you some pretty good indication of when you would expect to see us back near peak margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: My first question was just on the sort of capital allocation outlook. You've done a small deal recently, your cash flow remains very high, you mentioned some share buyback at the beginning. So could you clarify how you see the landscape on acquisitions and how maybe those can help you continue to expand your product portfolio?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we continually look at acquisitions. We believe that after investing in our organic growth in the business that acquisitions is the next priority for our capital allocation. And we have an active pipeline at this point in time. It's getting late in the year to see how many more will close, but we certainly are continuing to look at them. We see them as a viable way to accelerate organic growth. We think of it as catalytic in nature. And we look for ones that basically are bolt-on types of applications that either fill a technology gap, help broaden our domain expertise and allow us to be more global in both our product portfolio or our engineering deployment resources. So we do acquisitions as a key to utilization of our allocation and continue to buy opportunities on a real global basis. I mean one of the things that have helped us in emerging markets has been the ability to generate revenue growth and generate domain expertise via our acquisitions and build the critical mass faster in some of those countries and the recent Hiprom win certainly fits that category as well.
Julian Mitchell: And you've given a lot of details about how you've improved your distribution and sales network in China or India. I was just thinking about the EMEA region. You're making a push in process and process, I guess, particularly sort of Middle East and Africa will become increasingly important. So could you clarify a little bit what steps you're taking in those regions in terms of, I guess, stepping up perhaps the sales force of distribution network, these kinds of measures or you feel you're already at a very good place?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly if we're talking specifically about process, a lot of that flows through our Solutions business. Because in process, many times that industry has grown up with the automation supplier also being the integrator. So we are expanding our own resources to be able to address the process segment and we also continue to expand the system integrator solution provider market access model that allows us to address the industry as well. With respect to distribution, even in Europe and in the Middle East, we continue to look for opportunities to improve our capabilities, particularly with respect to safety and the ability to address the smaller and midsized OEMs with both our Logix platform and our intelligent motor control. So we have enhanced our distribution in certain countries. Europe is not monolithic. There's a different go-to-market access model in different countries, so there's really no one-size-fits-all or one approach and our team over there is putting together the distribution market access strategy that's required for the focus that we have in every country. Europe, being a more mature market, has a pretty defined approach for how they utilize distribution and so we're trying to make sure that we can fit into that model and do that country by country.
Julian Mitchell: And then just lastly, you mentioned once or twice the automotive sort of segment. I mean obviously, production growth in some regions like Europe will slow this year at least in terms of sort of consensus opinion on all the rest of it. But I guess the automotive OEM commentary on CapEx is actually extremely upbeat, not the production, but the right capital spending. So do you think that you will see sort of a multiyear program of very strong demands from your automotive OEMs in terms of their CapEx plans? Because the commentary certainly suggests that and I don't know what your view was.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, quite frankly, that's the one industry that I'm very uncomfortable saying multiyear with. They are very capable of turning that off at any time and they more typically approach it model-year by model-year as opposed to -- we have a cast-in-stone five-year program, so there's no question that all of them are looking at expanding their capital spending. They all have projects on the books. But the reality is it boils down to the consumer and how they're seeing their sales evolve. Right now, it's an optimistic environment and we feel very good over this model year coming up, which would be model year '12 actually by the time the projects get instituted. So it's good in the short term. It sounds positive in the intermediate term, and the long term will really depend upon the winners and losers in the industry and the introduction of new models.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Just one quick clarification, I missed the tax rate guidance.
Keith Nosbusch: 20% to 22%. Same as previous guidance.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: So that catch-up on the investment tax credit really wasn't material?
Keith Nosbusch: Well actually, I guess you could think of it as -- with the upward increase in the earnings guidance puts a little bit of pressure, generally upward pressure on tax rate. And that's being offset in part by that extension on the R&D tax credit.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: I was wondering if we could go through some of the metrics that drive the Logix process or business. You commented on overall Logix cycle, if you could talk about the growth of process legacy and the overall processors.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. The overall processors were -- grew at, it was for Q1, it was 30% -- actually in total it was a little under 30% in total. And legacy sales were up 6% and total was basically, I guess, it's 32%, not a little under 30%, a little over 30%. So total processor sales were up 32%, legacy processors were up 6%. Now that is a phenomenon in legacy that we're expecting to turn during the year. I'm not exactly sure when, but if you remember, we had -- our long-term forecast on legacy is 8% to 10% decline per year. Last year, we grew mainly because of the MRO expansion and the continuation of existing machines. And this year, at the start, we're still seeing that growth in the legacy processors heavily driven by OEMs, but we do expect that to continue to decline and ultimately this year switch back to the negative model of 8% to 10% per year decline.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: If you guys hit the upper-end of your revenue guidance, you'll be effectively at the same revenue that you peaked out at in 2008. And I'm wondering in that scenario, are you expecting your overall Processor business in dollar terms or as a percent of mix to be roughly the same as that prior peak? Or do you think there's going to be significant mix differences this year relative to that prior peak period? Can you help us understand sort of the complexion of the business that's evolving this year?
Keith Nosbusch: I mean, we'll have to get back to you on that. We haven't looked at it that way, Mark, to be candid. The one thing I do know is that project sales will be higher at that number. I'm not sure what the total is and then what the rest of the mix is on a comparison from the two years, but I do know Logix is going to be a higher number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe just an update from a longer-term perspective on the Software business? What was the growth in the quarter and are some of these projects coming through? Are you seeing any uptick in the activity there?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, Steve. Well, in the quarter, basically revenue in the Software business was consistent with what we talked about in the other parts of our business and it met our expectations, where we continue to develop the information software. We had some good orders in the month and in particular, we did see one of our pharmaceutical companies implement an enterprise global rollout of our suite portfolio. So that's one of the wins that we had talked about. That's a win in one of the areas that we talked about last year with respect to a pilot that was going on that now will become a global rollout. So we continue to make progress there in our pharmaceutical portfolio. We're also continuing to build out the automotive suite and we're engaged now in building the food and beverage and more consumer industries space. So right now we like where we're at and it continues to be, as you said, one of those longer-term opportunities for us that we keep executing on.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then lastly, how much was the auto vertical up this quarter? Or just transportation in total?
Keith Nosbusch: It was up 40%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I'm intrigued by the South Africa system integrator deal that you did. I always view this industry as having so many kind of thousands of integrators at the end of the day. Is there an opportunity out there beyond emerging markets to start to roll up and have a larger integration business? I mean, another way to say it is, could you do something like this in the U.S. in size? Or does it just not make sense to do that?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, you go where the expertise is. And obviously South Africa has a very strong mining industry and our intention is to utilize this hundred people to be a center of excellence for the mining industry and to evolve that globally. Because many times in the mining industry, the players are global. They're very large companies and we're going to try to be able to create the environment where we can work with them wherever they're located, wherever the mines are located and to utilize the resources that dramatically expand our capabilities in this industry to work globally. And there's no reason it can't be utilized in the U.S. I think mining actually will be a bigger play in Canada than it will be in the U.S. And certainly we're already looking at the ways that this can help expand a business that we are already good in Canada, but will allow us to take advantage of the expertise that comes in the mines and in South Africa as well. And the other aspect of this acquisition is they also are involved in mineral processing, not just mining. And so that moves us one step downstream or upstream, whichever way you view that world, but not more than just the extraction dimension of that industry and of that vertical. So that was another key aspect of what they brought us. And that processing part really is what is associated with our process industry. Mining historically is more of a motor control-types of applications, intelligent motor control. The processing of those minerals is what gets you into the process industry and we'll be able to use that, in particular in Latin America, Canada, Australia and also China and India.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: On the topic of Latin America. I mean, I think, the strengths you see in Latin America, you probably have to go back to the early '90s before when you saw that type of magnitude of strength. I mean can you give us a sense of -- you understand that the mining industry is strong, but can you give us a sense of the mix between new capacity and a capacity build-out versus just a replacement cycle or just old equipment that finally the region is wealthy enough to kind of open the purse strings and invest in some modern equipment? I mean, I'm guessing it's a little bit of both, but can you give us a better sense if there is something kind of unusual going down there that sustains this recovery more than in the past?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think there's a couple of things going on. To answer your question specifically, I don't know the splits. But what I can do is give you a little color around what we see happening down there. If you take mining -- obviously there's been mines in Chile and Peru for many years. So a portion of this is replacement. But I would say a higher percentage is new capacity coming on stream and the key is the commodity prices and the continued appetite for these resources globally, which is really being driven by the expansion of the economies in emerging markets. So, yes, we do see this continuing, but it's really dependent upon the utilization in the other industries, particularly China, India, as time goes on. But we see that as a real driver in this space. If you look at other dimensions of what's going on in Latin America, oil and gas is very strong. Historically, it was very strong in Venezuela. It continues to be positive there, but I think everyone understands what's happened with capacity there and the evolution of that industry. But it's picking up in Brazil. Brazil is more than making up. You're hearing all the time about deepwater finds in Brazil. They probably have some of the most sophisticated deepwater talents in engineering in the world, quite frankly, today. Colombia continues to expand in gas in particular. So we see oil and gas as another layer on top of what's going on in the traditional mining industries. And in Brazil, in mining obviously, you have one of the world's leaders in Bally, so a true global company and a true globally competitive company with great technology and great productivity. And then I would say the area that is now growing is the growing middle class of Latin America and the fact that they've had, to your point, a number of years of stability. There's been more investment. There's been more wealth creation. There's been more of the security of investment, less inflation, although in some cases reasonably high, but much less than it used to be. So it's stable politically, stable economically and the middle class is building and that's what's driving automotive investment, food investment and the diversity of the industry there. So I think it's a combination of things across Latin America and really is an area that we have had and we'll continue to have success with our capabilities.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. I think we're out of time. We're going to have to wrap up today's call. Great questions today. So thanks everyone for joining us and go Packers. Operator, we're ready to disconnect.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - VP, IR Keith Nosbusch - CEO Ted Crandall - CFO
Analysts: Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird John Inch - Merrill Lynch Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith and that will include highlights of the third quarter and thoughts about our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2010. Then Ted will provide more details around the third quarter financial performance and our revised 2010 guidance. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks and we want to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. We expect the call today to take about an hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's call. The economic recovery continued through our third fiscal quarter, even somewhat stronger than we expected, and our results reflect that in a very positive way. Our revenue performance was outstanding with 25% year-over-year growth and 9% sequential growth. I was really pleased to see the broad-based nature of our revenue growth with all regions contributing to the strong year-over-year performance. Product revenue in the quarter was once again better than our expectation. Year-over-year growth was over 35%, more than 10 points higher than the year-over-year growth rate in Q2. We turned the corner in Q3 in our solutions and services business. As expected, we saw a year-over-year growth for the first time since the second quarter of fiscal 2009. And the solutions and services book-to-bill ratio was a healthy 1.1 this quarter. Operating margins improved 7 points year-over-year, primarily on the strength of volume leverage and we increased spending to fuel future growth. There are some other highlights of the quarter. We had strong growth in emerging markets with exceptional 42% growth in China. Latin America had very strong year-over-year growth and solid sequential growth, and we exited the quarter with record backlog in this region. We continue to make progress globally in our process business. Process revenue grew 16% in the quarter. Our process business in Asia grew over 40%. And we had significant wins in new applications for pharma, chemicals and power. And legacy DCS conversion opportunities continue to grow. Our momentum with OEM machine builders continued in Q3 as our revenues spanned the wider footprint of customers and machines. We continue to generate considerable free cash flow in Q3. Our balance sheet remains very solid. And based on our confidence in our ability to generate cash throughout our business cycle, in June, we raised our dividend by 21%. These great results are a testament to our talented and dedicated employees and partners and their steadfast commitment to our customers' success. Let me set the stage for our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. There has been some noise in the macroeconomic indicators, but generally they remain at relatively healthy levels and we aren't expecting any significant changes in the near term. The is increased concern about sovereign debt issues in Europe, but we have not seen any slowdown in orders or frontlog activity to date. In industrial markets, MRO, small and OEM demand is stable. While quotation activity for larger capital projects is kicking up, customers in developed markets are still cautious about committing to large capital spending. And we have not yet seen a pickup in larger capital project orders. So with that as the backdrop, let me provide more specific expectations regarding our Q4 outlook. We are confident we will see sequential growth in solutions and services revenue in Q4, given the backlog coming into the quarter. For our products businesses, we believe that Q4 revenue could be about flat compared to Q3 after the effects of normal seasonality in Europe and the end of restocking in our channel. In total, we expect revenue to be up sequentially in the fourth quarter by about 4%. Given these expectations and with three quarters of solid performance under our belt, we are providing a revised outlook for fiscal 2010 full year earnings per share of $2.95 to $3.05 on revenues of approximately $4.8 billion. Let me close with a few comments. We have performed very well in the early part of the recovery. I am confident in our strategy and our ability to execute. We are well positioned to take advantage of improving market conditions as we proceed through this cycle. Although the macroeconomic outlook is uncertain, we are optimistic that the global recovery will continue, and we have begun to make some incremental investments to support our future growth. We remain committed to delivering shareholder value by prudently investing in high-return growth opportunities and appropriately returning cash to shareholders. Now I'll turn it over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning to everybody on the call. As Rondi mentioned, we've posted charts to our website and my comments will reference those charts. I'll start debriefing on chart one, which is our Q3 results summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1.268 billion, up 25% from Q3 last year. Only $5 million of the year-over-year revenue growth was due to currency. So results were approximately currency-neutral year-over-year. Total segment operating earnings were $198 million, up 129% from $86 million in Q3 last year. General corporate net expense was $23 million; that's about $3 million higher than our expected quarterly run rate, and primarily due to higher performance based compensation related to the Q3 performance and our revised full year outlook. The effective tax rate in the quarter was approximately 23%. There were no significant discrete items in the quarter, and the year-to-date effective tax rate was 20%. EPS from continuing operations was $0.83, up from $0.23 in the third quarter of last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $144.3 million. And during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares at a cost of about $68 million. At the end of June, we had approximately $528 million remaining under our existing $1 billion repurchase authorization. Please turn to chart 2, the Q3 Results: Rockwell Automation Total. On the left side of this slide, you can see the 25% year-over-year revenue increase as well as the 9% sequential increase, a reasonably steady upward trend across the past four quarters. Channel restocking contributed about 3 points to the growth, similar to last quarter. Q3 was another strong quarter for our product businesses with year-over-year growth of about 37%. And moving to the earnings chart on the right side of the slide, you'll see the 129% year-over-year increase in operating earnings and a 12% sequential increase. Operating margin for the quarter was 15.6%; that's up 7.1 points compared to the last year and up about 40 basis points from last quarter. Similar to last quarter, the year-over-year improvement is largely driven by significantly higher operating margin in the architecture and software segment. However, in total for the company, the margin improvement continues to reflect strong volume leverage and improved mix, partly offset by higher compensation costs and beginning in Q3, some deliberate increased spending to support future revenue growth. During our April earnings call Keith mentioned that we intended to increase spending beginning in the second half of the year. In Q3 we increased spending by about $20 million, primarily in technology investments and customer-facing resources with a particular emphasis on emerging markets. We're pleased with the year-over-year earnings conversion realized year-to-date, and as you'll see reflected in the guidance, we continue to expect a very strong result for the full year. Although not displayed on this chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 17.7%. That compares to 14.8% last year, and 13.2% last quarter. We expect return on invested capital will further improve as we continue to see favorable year-over-year earnings comparisons. Now we'll turn to Chart 3, the Q3 results for the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, you'll see another quarter of very strong sales performance in our architecture and software segment. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of increased sales. Sales in Q3 were $554 million, up 39% compared to the same quarter last year, and basically all organic growth. Sequentially sales were up 7%. Operating earnings in the quarter nearly tripled to $125 million, and operating margin for the quarter was 22.6%, 11.8 points higher than the third quarter of last year with the increase predominantly due to volume leverage and despite higher compensation costs and gross spending. Operating margin was down 1.2 points sequentially, primarily due to the increased spending. The growth spending included additional development dollars related to our integrated architecture, as well as the segment share of customer-facing investments. Chart 4 covers our Control Products and Solutions segment. Sales in Q3 were $714 million, a 17% increase compared to Q3 last year. Currency contributed about 60 basis points to the year-over-year growth. Sales increased 10% sequentially in this segment. In the product businesses of control products and solutions, sales increased both year-over-year and sequentially at rates that were similar to the architecture and software segment. Solutions and service business revenues increased 6% year-over-year and 14% sequentially. This is our first quarter to return to year-over-year growth in solutions and services, and the sequential growth played out pretty much as we expected given that we had built backlog over the first half of the fiscal year. Solutions and services orders also continued to improve in Q3. Segment operating earnings increased by 69% in this segment and operating margin was 10.2%, an increase of 3.2 points compared to Q3 last year, and primarily due to higher volume. Operating margin was up 1.8 points sequentially. Turning to the next chart, chart 5 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales for the quarter. The far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. I think the most important message here is just the very good year-over-year growth demonstrated across all regions. Latin America was particularly strong with a 40% year-over-year increase. Asia-Pacific sales increased by 23% compared to last year with growth in emerging Asia 31%. And as Keith mentioned, we had an exceptional quarter in China with 42% growth year-over-year. And we saw good sequential growth in all regions including EMEA on a local currency basis. Now we'll turn to chart six and we'll look at free cash flow. We have continued to generate considerable free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $117 million. Free cash flow conversion on net income was 98% in the quarter, and a 127% year-to-date. Our balance sheet remains strong with sizable cash resources and a comfortable debt to capital position. Based on the strength of our balance sheet and confidence in our ability to continue to generate significant free cash flow, we increased our dividend by 21%. That increase will be effective with the dividend that we pay in September. And that brings us to the final chart, which addresses our outlook for the full year fiscal '010. As Keith mentioned, we're increasing our guidance. We now expect sales to be at or a little above $4.8 billion, basically the high end of our previous guidance range. Excluding currency effects, the new revenue guidance represents year-over-year growth of 9% to 10%. We expect currency to contribute about two points to year-over-year growth. We expect operating margin for the full year to be at or maybe a little above 14.5%. We expect our fiscal 2010 EPS to be in the range of $2.95 to $3.05 compared to the previous range of $2.60 to $2.90. We expect a full year tax rate between 19% and 20%. And finally we continue to expect free cash flow conversions to be above 100% for the full year. And with that, I'll turn this back to Rondi to begin the Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Ted. Okay, Sally, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Robert Cornell with Barclays Capital.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: So I guess the news is, the turn in the solutions business. And maybe you could go over that in a little more detail, I mean what regions, what products, the backlog build; just maybe give us some more color there Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I'm not so sure if that's the news, because we kind of expected that based upon the fact that we had book-to-bill ratios over one for the first two quarters. And so the fact that we turned the corner is significant, given that it's the first time in five that we've been there. But it was totally expected. And it happened pretty much universally around the world. We had continued strength in certainly the process space, which is in area that we, as you know Bob, we've been very focused on. And the fact that we're now generating revenue growth on a year-over-year basis in the process space is very good news for us. And I would say that may be the bigger news, the fact that not only have orders been positive, but we have turned the corner on revenue in the process space. And obviously our revenue was made up of products and solutions. And certainly this was the quarter that our solutions business turned positive in process. And that's very encouraging, because we think that's a precursor to stronger long term growth as the project business continues to evolve in some of the more late cycle businesses. So I think it's the area of process and the growth there that we're mostly (involved) in, and I think an indicator of a real turn.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: I guess that's what I saw as well. I mean could you differentiate though, the comments around the solutions business doing better, and still the reluctance for customers to make commitments to big projects. There seems to be a bit of a contradiction there.
Keith Nosbusch: Apologies here. Well, I think what that says is that we're still not seeing the larger projects in more of the mature markets. And we have been seeing the projects in emerging markets over the last couple of quarters. And in fact in some of the emerging markets, this business is lumpy as you well know, but we were seeing orders. It's just that we're not seeing the rep and the build of the pipeline across multiple geographies and multiple industries. So I think the dichotomy is only in the magnitude of the growth and where it's occurring. And I think the large project business comment was really around mature. If you remember, in the second quarter, we said that hit our high end. We expected to see project growth in our third and in particular our fourth quarters. And the comment about not seeing that yet is really around that characterization, and that's mainly in the U.S. and Western Europe. So a little bit of a mixed bag there, but I think more mature as opposed to emerging market commentary.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Final question from me. Could you talk about the growth spending, was $20 million in the quarter. I mean is that sort of going to be a run rate going forward, are you going to ramp it up, is the number going to be roughly the same in '11? I mean, how do you see the growth spending sort of ramping?
Ted Crandall: I think you remember, last quarter we talked about spending an incremental $50 million in the second half. So that was $20 million in Q3. We would expect that to increase by about $10 million as we go into Q4, and that will get us to the $50 million in the second half. So we'll exit at about a $30 million run rate.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: And do you expect that to be the run rate going forward?
Ted Crandall: Absolutely, and we hope we'll be able to add to that as we move into fiscal '11. But right now, given what we know, that's our plans, and our goal is to increase spending as we move through the cycle and we demonstrate the revenue growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: We'd picked up in the channel that electronic component shortages continue to be an issue. Sometimes they can get around it by offering maybe a couple of hot products they can upgrade. So related to that, do you think that's limited to your sales book? Can you confirm that? And then if it's so, did it limit your sales growth in the quarter with some sales gotten pushed up maybe? And is it an industry wide phenomenon?
Keith Nosbusch: I would say that that did not impact our sales at all in the quarter. And in fact we were able to work down some of the backlog in the quarter that we built in our second quarter because of electronic shortages and allocation. And our operations team and supply chain people have done just a great job bringing in the parts. And I would say right now, we're basically back to the normal flow and normal lead times. And I'm speaking now as of basically the end of July. So we're not expecting any impact going forward. Obviously, the result was spot. One component issue that can bite your butt, but our team has really done a good job of working that. We've made substitutions as you mentioned. We did redesigns in our engineering community. So right now, we're not expecting any impact, or seen any impact from the allocation of electronic components, which is an industry wide phenomenon.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Okay. So you didn't lose any sales to competitors because of it?
Keith Nosbusch: We did not.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: And then final question. Ted, you talked about the restocking; you think it added about three points. Where was that restocking occurring, because it doesn't seem like distributors are doing much stocking. Is this more end users picking up on their inventory, and would you expect maybe distributors to begin picking up their inventories if they haven't already?
Ted Crandall: Mark, our comment this quarter and in all previous quarters when we talk about restocking is strictly what we see happening in our channel. And so, our distributors' inventories this quarter were up from last quarter. Our distributors' sales to their customers saw a sequential increase. So I would say most of that inventory increase was just a natural increase reflecting the increased business levels they were seeing. But as Keith mentioned, a little bit of that increase was us catching up on some of last quarter's customer service issues, when probably the distributors' stock should have been a little bit higher again the last quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Could you just talk a minute or two? You had mentioned the architecture and software business probably generated the upside surprise to the quarter in sales. Could you just talk about perhaps the vertical markets that generated the upside to your earlier plan?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. But just to be clear, the upside was across our product businesses. Obviously A&S, to your point, is all a product business. But also, CP&S had very similar growth in the product businesses of industrial control and our drives businesses. So it was across the product portfolio, what we determine to be over-performance from our earlier expectations. The verticals that we saw this in, really the continued strength in auto and tire that we believe certainly performed above the company average. Water and waste water continue to perform very well globally. And the consumer products markets, in particular food and beverage is where we saw the additional increase.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just as a follow-up question. In Latin America that 40% growth that you flagged in local currency, is that primarily driven by the OEM business for you?
Keith Nosbusch: No, not in Latin America. We do have a very solid OEM business there, but the majority of that would be in areas such as mining, such as oil and gas, and a little bit in automotive and consumer. But it's more of a resource based region, and it's probably the smallest region for OEMs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John Inch : Just firstly, as a clarification, the 3% restock, was that 3 percentage points of the 9% sequential or the 25% year-over-year?
 Merrill Lynch: Just firstly, as a clarification, the 3% restock, was that 3 percentage points of the 9% sequential or the 25% year-over-year?
Ted Crandall: The 25% year-over-year.
John Inch : So effectively, we are talking about a fairly de minimis contribution versus last quarter. Is that correct, Ted? Because last quarter was three, and this quarter was three. Is that the way to think about it, the actual magnitude of the total is so small, and some was not nearly the significance?
 Merrill Lynch: So effectively, we are talking about a fairly de minimis contribution versus last quarter. Is that correct, Ted? Because last quarter was three, and this quarter was three. Is that the way to think about it, the actual magnitude of the total is so small, and some was not nearly the significance?
Ted Crandall: I think that's a fair way to think about it.
John Inch : So on that point, just going back to this, you guys had expected effectively very little in the way of restock. Did the restock effectively play out the way you saw it? You saw restocking was a function of just higher volume. The way you saw it would have been the case heading into the third quarter.
 Merrill Lynch: So on that point, just going back to this, you guys had expected effectively very little in the way of restock. Did the restock effectively play out the way you saw it? You saw restocking was a function of just higher volume. The way you saw it would have been the case heading into the third quarter.
Ted Crandall: Correct. We expected little restock in Q3, because we thought we are going to see relatively flat product demand. Given the product demand increased the way it did, the restocking was kind of a natural result.
John Inch : That makes sense. I think some people may think the 3 percent is comparable to the prior quarter's 3, and effectively you're saying it's not. So my other question is that China, and this could be rather a question for Ted. So last quarter, China was up 15. It was okay, but GDP was up almost that much. And now it looks like you guys got a lot more traction in China. Was there a little bit of lumpiness in the China results in the sense that maybe what you had hoped to book in the prior quarter came through this quarter, or are you just starting to see broader traction based on your new distribution channel? What's really going on? Do you think it can be sustained?
 Merrill Lynch: That makes sense. I think some people may think the 3 percent is comparable to the prior quarter's 3, and effectively you're saying it's not. So my other question is that China, and this could be rather a question for Ted. So last quarter, China was up 15. It was okay, but GDP was up almost that much. And now it looks like you guys got a lot more traction in China. Was there a little bit of lumpiness in the China results in the sense that maybe what you had hoped to book in the prior quarter came through this quarter, or are you just starting to see broader traction based on your new distribution channel? What's really going on? Do you think it can be sustained?
Ted Crandall: Yes. Well, certainly I don't believe it can be sustained at 40%. But you kind of answered it John, and that is, as all of you know, our business is lumpy. And we always say, don't take the results of one quarter and project it. And certainly, we felt we were low last quarter. And once again our goal is to grow north of 20% on an annual basis in China, and we fully expect to do that for an extended period of time. So you know, as we said a while back, we oscillate around the trend line. That trend line is 20% growth. And I would say that last quarter was an aberration, and this quarter the 40% happened, one, because of great performance, but secondly some of those projects did push out a little, and they came in, in Q3. So we are expecting another solid quarter and continued growth. And to your point, we are building a channel; distributors and systems integrators. That's a long term process. But we do expect that to continue to get better and to help us reach a broader segment of the market and support a growing installed base. So they are very important. But I wouldn't say any one quarter once again is based upon a build out of the channel. That is a steady, continuous effort that you'll see as a long term value creator for Rockwell in China.
John Inch : Just lastly Keith, or Ted, what was the progression of business through the quarter, and to what you've seen thus far in July. I mean, was there lumpiness or was it steady or did it accelerate? Maybe even if you could inject a little commentary of regionally what happened?
 Merrill Lynch: Just lastly Keith, or Ted, what was the progression of business through the quarter, and to what you've seen thus far in July. I mean, was there lumpiness or was it steady or did it accelerate? Maybe even if you could inject a little commentary of regionally what happened?
Keith Nosbusch: I am not sure I can go regionally very well, but certainly the third quarter is probably one of our most steady quarters if you will. There's really no large deviation traditionally, if you will. And I think this quarter played out exactly like that, where we were able to see continuous progress. The last month tends to be stronger, but not significant like you will see in a September, or in many cases a March. So this tends to be a pretty flat quarter. That's what this generally was. And I think that what we're seeing so far in July would be sales and order rates that are consistent with the increase in the guidance that we gave. So I would say a continuation of Q3 performance and what we baked into the increase in guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Just wanted to again pick on the restocking comments. Can you maybe just talk about the days of sales in the channel? Has that remained pretty constant?
Ted Crandall: I would say that it has remained relatively constant. I mean the distributor inventories generally turn about six times a year, and that has not changed significantly over the course of the last couple of years. It ran up a little bit last year when sales were falling off relatively rapidly. And it's come down a little bit this year. But as I said, there is nothing unusual on the last few quarters about distributor inventory levels, given the level of sales they're seeing to their customers.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Turning to 4Q, the guidance, you mentioned the pickup in corporate. I think you mentioned the incentive comp issue. How does that then look into, into 4Q? Do we see another pickup in 4Q or would you expect it to be fairly constant?
Ted Crandall: I would expect general corporate net to probably be about at the same level as Q3 or maybe slightly lower than that.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Obviously you've gone to the point estimates of revenues in 4Q. But the margin range is still fairly wide. Based on the comment you just made on corporate expenses, it looks like your segment margin is about 14 to 14.5 for 4Q. I understand you've got investment spend and probably a negative mix on CPS's (inaudible). But any reasons for the wide range on margins that is the point estimate on revenues?
Ted Crandall: I guess what I would have said is I think we've got a relatively narrow range on EPS now compared to where we'd been earlier in the year. I wouldn't argue with your margin analysis, and I would say the biggest issue in Q4 is going to be mix, particularly because we expect to see the largest increase in sales sequentially to be in our solutions business.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: And then just finally on pension, we're hearing a lot more traction on pension. Can you maybe talk about discount rates and how that's shaped up for fiscal '11 in terms of expense comparative here?
Ted Crandall: I'm not sure there is a lot to talk about with regard to pension at this point in time. As I reminder, our funded status gets measured once a year at the end of our fiscal year in September. Like most companies, last year, our funded status decreased due to the combination of reduced asset values and a lower discount rate. Asset values have improved somewhat so far this year, and it's probably a little too early to call discount rate. I would say based on the trends we've seen so far to date, it probably is looking slightly lower than it would have looked a year ago. All other things being equal, that would say there might be a small increase in pension expense as a consequence of discount rate.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: By small, you mean the step-up in the pension expense next year will be lower than this year?
Ted Crandall: Assuming we see a change in discount rate that is less than 25 basis points, that impact alone would be substantially smaller than the step-up in pension expense we saw last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: I'm just wondering if we could touch on just a couple of things we normally do, which is some of the A&S categories, logics increase, processor overall increase.
Keith Nosbusch: Obviously, with the performance of A&S this quarter, you would expect that logic had a good quarter. And in fact, they did. Our logics business was up 36% year-over-year. And actually the legacy processors were up even better, 39% year-over-year. And that was really driven by the strength in MRO and the small project business, with some additional benefit from restocking. So I also just want to remind everyone that across the cycle, we're expecting that legacy processors will continue their 10% decline. But certainly, given the dramatic drop last year and the increases this year, we're seeing legacy being a very solid plus contributor. But we're very pleased with the logics growth and in particular compact logics and the fact that that continues to demonstrate the scalability of the architecture and the success that we're having continuing to convert and build our OEM conversion pipeline. So good performance out of both pieces of the processor family.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: So overall, processors would have been a high 30s number?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, it would have been about the same, mid to high 30s.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then we had heard that you guys have recently established a more formal arrangement regarding some of your process control activities with E&H. And I'm having a hard time understanding how significant that could be if it's really just sort of a different veneer on what you've already been doing, because E&H has been an InCompass partner for some time. Or is this a pretty significant move that could accelerate process revenues for you guys?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I wouldn't say it's a significant change in the relationship. I think it's a continued evolution of what we've been working on to where we're trying to continue to align the portfolio of instrumentation with the process control and to deliver an integrated solution, and to do that seamlessly through our sales and our collective organization. So I think what you may be detecting is, we're continuing to align all the geographies, all the regions, all the players together, and that's something that just takes time and continued evolution, but that really was the goal and the strategy from day one. I think we're executing better; I think we're also integrating the portfolio better together, to where it's not just about sales, but also about delivering customer value from the asset management, the integration of the software packages and our ability to collaborate in the selling model, both at end users and OEMs. So I think it's just the maturing of the relationship, a continued expansion of the interoperability, the alignment of the networks. E&H has come out with some very strong product portfolios that are connected on Ethernet IP, which is a very significant advancement to once again, to create the integrated architecture and to have a information and asset management capability across the discrete and the process sides. So I think what you are seeing is more traction, more interoperability, more of our collective portfolios that plays well together. And quite candidly, we do see that continuing to improve, and obviously the goal is that it grows both of our process businesses at a faster rate. And certainly that's what each of us is looking forward to.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: And just a quick one for Ted. What would be a reasonable range for tax rate next year?
Ted Crandall: What we have said we are expecting in this cycle is basically to be a little bit below the kind of rates you saw in the last cycle. Now if you remember, in the last cycle and the higher growth years, we were in the range of 27% to 29%. So we are expecting probably in this cycle in the higher growth years to be more like in the range of 24% to 27%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Actually interested in the legacy business being up so strong. Can you just maybe talk about what's driving that? Are our customers trading down a bit? Is it a function of the kind of revitalization of the auto industry? And if you can maybe also talk about what your auto growth was in the quarter sequentially and year-over-year?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly we believe the strength in legacy was driven by mainly two items; MRO, because it has a huge install base, and certainly as the continued strength in manufacturing occurs, those assets are being used and need to be upgraded and maintained. And the second is once again the fact that we have such a large installed base. When they are doing small upgrades locally in an area that had the older systems in, many times they choose to just keep that current vintage of products. So it really doesn't have anything to do with trading down. The functionality and cost really is not a driver between the two platforms at all. It's more of what the customer is trying to do for their long term architecture and control strategies. So it's strictly, from our perspective, the recovery of manufacturing and the need to support an installed base and support of small modifications and adds to existing lines. With respect to auto, auto was above the company average year-to-date, and in the quarter it was up a little bit sequentially. But certainly, the strength in, and we really talked about it as transportation, so we locked tire in there. And tire has been very strong, and in particular in Asia this past quarter and globally the past year. So I think that those are the two combinations there.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And then just on corporate. How do we think about that? I mean, I hate to ask about corporate because it just seems like it's a little bit of a rounding here. But now that you've kind of mentioned two quarters in a row where you're putting some performance based comp in there, will that go up next year on the back of the performance based comp and maybe a little bit of pension. And how does corporate turn over the next couple of years? And then just one clarification on tax. I think you said 24% to 27%. How quickly do we get to that 24% to 27%? Is '11 kind of a more normalized year now, now that you have kind of ramped off the bottom pretty hard?
Ted Crandall: I think I'm going to try and avoid starting to provide line items of '11 guidance. But with that said, the general corporate net expense I think is probably a little higher run rate this year than I would expect, once we could pass this year as a consequence of performance based compensation, which will basically reset at the end of the year. In terms of the tax rate, generally I think in the cycle as we hit the higher growth years, we're going to be in that 24% to 27% range. This will play out depending on each year, and my guess is it will ramp that way across the next couple of years.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And then one last question. This quarter in China was good, and that business has due to the investment undergone a pretty positive facelift over the last couple of years. How much more do you need to do there, and is that a big percentage of kind of the ongoing cost you'll have coming back in over the next couple of years?
Ted Crandall: Well, we believe we still have a lot to do in China. We believe there are a lot of opportunities. And as I mentioned a little bit earlier, we have to continue to build the channel. But in addition to that we have to build our own capabilities, and if we're going to have growth rates above or around 20%, we need to continue to add domain expertise and capabilities. And certainly China is one of the areas where we would expect to continue to be investing at a disproportionately higher rate with respect to our emerging market strategy and customer-facing resources. So China will continue to see strong investment. And we believe given the growth of China more to consumption, we think it's even a better opportunity for us in the long term. So we will continue those investments, and you can expect that a portion of those incremental dollars into the future will be in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: A quick question on the added costs. How does that split out by segment? I know you mentioned A&S had some this quarter, but where is it landing mostly?
Ted Crandall: I think it would be fair to say that a little more than a half of it is in A&S.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: And then a big picture question for Keith. If you think about MROs being nice positive here in the last couple of quarters, assuming the comp start to get a little more challenging and the contribution a little less significant and given your comments regarding developed markets with project type business, how should we think about the bridge from increased MRO to project related stuff and what is your current thinking there right now given what you're seeing in the market?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly our thinking is that MRO expansion can (inaudible), at least from an incremental growth perspective. And we do need and we do expect the larger project spending to occur. For the continued growth that we're talking about, we have seen pickups in the frontlog on these large projects. People are still conscious in pulling the trigger. And I think they're just waiting to have, I should say, a little more clarity and a little more certainty in what both economic environment looks like as well as the regulatory environment to know what are the implications longer term of those investments. But we certainly believe and we think we're on that path towards increased project spending, particularly in the matured market into the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: A couple of quick questions. Just on that last point, Keith, are there any particular vertical markets that stand out as where the frontlog is building when you think about the large project business?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, we've started to see a little more pickup back into the oil and gas area in our third quarter. Also, as we had mentioned, with some of the growth in Latin America, we're seeing the mining areas and resource-based areas picking up as well. So I guess I would say, in general, we're seeing it now starting in some of the heavy industries, not necessarily in metals and pulp and paper yet, although there is a little more activity. But certainly, those other heavy industries is what we're starting to see the pickup with continued solid spending in infrastructure that we've seen earlier.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: And the flip side of another coin, when you talked about your A&S verticals, the strong ones, it sounds like everything was broadly pretty good. But in the quarter, were there any in particular that stood out as lagging?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, lagging, it wouldn't just be in A&S commentary. It would be a vertical in general. Certainly we believe metals continue to be weak. And life science is stable, but not a lot of additional spending going on there yet. So I would say those are the ones that are the weakest at this point in time and probably will continue to be a slow growth model going forward. And certainly, I would say the other area that just can't keep running at the rate it had been would be some of the infrastructure spending that was a key part of the China stimulus. That's going to, I'll just say, ramp down to a normal run rate, which is still solid growth. But when they executed their stimulus, what they did was pull forward projects that were already planned and certainly accelerated those. And that will continue to play out. But their infrastructure investment, I will say, will come down to a normal pre-stimulus spending as time goes on.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: And just one last one from me. I wanted a little more granularity on Europe, if you could give us a sense of just how much the E if you will grew in EMEA if you think about just kind of Western Europe in general and just kind of the texture of that growth too, was it OEM, was it export oriented? What's going on in the heart of Europe?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, actually there was some good news in the heart of Europe. There was growth in the E, if you will. In particular, we saw very strong year-over-year growth in Germany and Italy in particular. And I would say the reason for that, Jeff, is OEMs and a bunch of that export as well. So I think export in OEM Europe is doing well. And certainly some of the other spaces, as probably you know, are a little tougher. But we did see it in Europe, and we have the other growth area probably in the quarter that was stronger than others would have been, what was in the Middle East, some of the emerging areas. So those were the highlights in EMEA. And certainly we're pleased with the growth there. As you know, for us, Europe turned down later than the U.S., and we think now it's probably on recovery by a couple of quarters behind the U.S., just like it was a couple of quarters behind going in. So we are starting to see light back in European region.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: I think we can take two more callers, but we got to make each one pretty quick, so we can get it in the next three minutes or so. So let's try and take the last two.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I did want to take a little bit of a step back and just get your view, Keith, on kind of how this cycle is playing out compared to past cycles that you've witnessed on the automation front, I mean the interplay between kind of CapEx and OpEx and the pace of recovery, and then just a little bit of a big picture view from somebody who has been in this industry a long time.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I maybe have been in it a long time, but all of these tend to be somewhat unique in what you think versus how it plays out. So this one I think would surprise me after how spastic drop was how fast and the initial rebound came back. And in particular, as we've been saying now for the last couple of quarters, the products business exceeded our expectations. Certainly we knew that it was at an unsustained low level, but I think the speed of the product recovery certainly surprised us, given the drop that we saw 12 months ago. I would say the other difference that we're seeing compared to other recoveries, I think it's less aggressive of the return of larger project spending. I think there is just too much uncertainty in the environment and there is lots of dimensions to that. But I think that is more cautious indeed in companies wanting to spend more money at this point in time. And I think they're trying to continue to drive productivity, continue to drive their existing assets and resources even harder. And I would have said that in a normal recovery that comes back at this rate, you would have seen a more aggressive larger project pulling the trigger on it than we're seeing at this point in time. So I think those are the two big picture activities that we've seen and that we're obviously monitoring very closely to once again try to determine what the shape is ultimately going to be. And that larger project commentary is really around the mature markets. And I would say the other thing that is different this time is that the world is much more connected in this cycle than in previous ones. The economies, the supply chains, the international businesses, there is just a much more global picture of the way decisions are made and the way the action, reaction occurs. And so I would say it's a much more integrated economy, businesses and all the other dimensions around it. And I would say that's very different than early in my carrier, and it is very different than just 2000, 2001, 2002. So I would say that's another significant difference, and we only see that getting tighter and tighter as time goes on. So I think the synchronization and the connectivity across geographies, across regions, across industry and within industry is a significant difference.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Let's move quickly to China. We keep reading about wage inflation as a potential driver of automation. But is that real or is there is just more kind of isolated areas in the trends to automate were in place prior to recent labor unrest?
Keith Nosbusch: I believe the salary increases will accelerate the move to automation, but china was investing in automation early on. There is only so much you can do with labor, no matter what the cost is. And as you continue to want to move up the value chain, continue to want to build world-class products with high quality, you do need to automate a lot of those applications. And while the intensity of the automation may be different, that's really the only difference based upon wage range. And I think that intensity now, given the acceleration, you'll see more people looking at additional areas that perhaps before were marginal. They may become a net positive for the need to automate. So China has been automated, almost 180 plants in the world. And we just did one couple of weeks ago in China. It's the world's most automated nutritional plant. And they are doing that because of quality, because of regulatory compliance and because they want to protect the image of their brand against the problems they have and other circumstances. So I hope it will be an accelerant. But China has been continually investing.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Just a very quick one on your emerging market strategy. Obviously, you're building out costs organically. Given the lot of what you sell through distributors and you've got a very financially (undegraded) balance sheet, your approach was to acquiring in the emerging markets in order to accelerate your footprint there on sales and distribution network?
Keith Nosbusch: Two answers there. With respect to the distribution network, that is not something that Rockwell Automation invests in, and we are not planning to invest in that in the emerging markets. We worked hand-in-hand with our channel partners, but those are independent businesses, so that they can support the full need of customers. And certainly that's a model that has worked for us and we expect that it will continue to work. And it has to date in many of the emerging markets that we've been in for many year, not just the new ones that we're after building in China and India and other areas. With respect to other acquisitions, absolutely, we are looking for acquisitions in the global marketplace. The emerging markets are where a lot of our focus and interest is. But also, in some of these markets, there is not a lot of mature technology players at this point in time. So a lot of our activity has been around domain expertise and people that can help us deploy automation systems. And we continue to evaluate the product portfolios of different companies, and we would see making acquisitions outside of the mature markets as we can find players and have the quality, the IT protection and the expertise to fill gaps that we have in our portfolio. So acquisitions, very interested in our product, services and solutions area in the emerging markets.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks everyone for joining us. We're going to wrap up the call. And we look forward to talking to you next time. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. And thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - VP of IR Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO Ted Crandall - CFO
Analysts: John Inch - Merrill Lynch Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital  Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open the lines for questions. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle; please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, [Monika]. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of the call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today, as always are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith and that will include highlights of the second quarter and thoughts about our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2010. Then Ted will provide more details around the second quarter financial performance and our revised 2010 guidance. There will of course be time at the end of the call to take your questions and we’ll try to get to as many of you as possible. We expect the call today to take about an hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch:  Thanks Rondi and good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us on today’s call. At our last earnings release, I said that we believe we were seeing the signs of the start of a recovery. Our performance in Q1 had exceeded our expectations, particularly in our products businesses and we significantly increased our revenue and earning guidance in January.
 : This quarter marked to return to year-over-year organic growth for the first time since Q4 of fiscal 2008. Product revenue in the quarter was once again better than our expectations. We think restocking in our channel benefited Q2 sales by about three points and we suspect that some of the strength in product business that we have seen in both Q1 and Q2 was due to pent-up MRO demand. In our Solutions & Services businesses revenue declined year-over-year as expected, at the book-to-bill was above one, again this quarter. Growing volume leverage in the quarter resulted in a seven point year-over-year margin improvement and a two point sequential margin improvement, in spite of the incremental costs in the quarter from reversing our temporary cost reductions and some other items that Ted will provide more detail on. We have continued to deliver very strong free cash flow with careful management of both working capital and capital spending. There are some other positive developments in the quarter, over 13% sequential growth in the U.S. and Canada with continued strength in automotive; strong growth in emerging Asia, with 24% year-to-year growth in India and 15% in China. Multiple process industry winds against in French competitors, especially in Water Wastewater and oil and gas. OEM conversion started to bare fruit, validating our focus on these important customers during the downturns, and this impact will become more important as market conditions improve. Finally, I want to thank our talented and dedicated employees and partners, whose unwavering commitment to our customers enabled these great results and I’m very pleased to announce that we are now able to implement a pay increase across our global employee base. Let me set the stage for our outlook for the second half of the year. By the recovery is underway, the shape of the recovery remains uncertain. The strength in our product business through Q2 has been largely based on strong MRO demand and smaller projects with some contribution from channel restocking. Given the improvement, we have seen in OEM business has been more about machine level investment than production line level and we have yet to see any significant improvement in large capital project spending and it’s difficult to know when that might kick in. So for products, we believe the second half could range from flat to moderately up compared to the Q2 run rate. To get to the higher end of our revised revenue guidance, we need to see improvement in that large capital project business relatively early in the second half. For Solutions & Services, we do expect significant sequential revenue growth in the second half, given the orders performance in Q1 and Q2; with this backdrop and with two quarters of solid performance under our belt. We are providing the revised outlook for fiscal 2010. Full-year revenues are $4.6 billion to $4.8 billion, compared to our previous lines of $4.4 billion to $4.6 billion. As in our previous guidance to achieve the high end of the range, we need to have meaningful second half over first half revenue growth. At these new revenue levels, we do expect to incur some additional compensation expense and we will increase spending to support growth, particularly in technology, domain expertise and customer-facing resources in emerging markets. We are also raising our earnings per share guidance to $2.60 to $2.90. Before I turn this over the Ted, let me provide a few closing comments. The earlier part of this recovery has been surprisingly strong and we are now solidly on a year-over-year growth path. As I mentioned earlier, sequential growth rates in the product business were likely moderate in the second half of the year, but long-term growth prospects are bright. I’m excited by the new opportunities we are seen everyday, particularly in the areas of process control, OEMs and the emerging markets. The entire organization is energized and committed to serving our customers needs as to recovery progresses and we know that this commitment to our customer success has provided superior long-term returns for our shareholders in the past and I believe that this will continued to be the case. Now, let me turn it over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith and good morning to everybody on the call. We’ve posted search to our website and my comments will reference those charts. Building on some of Keith’s comments, this was very good quarter for the company with strong results in sales, earnings and cash flow and I’ll start to briefing on chart one, which is Q2 result summary. Revenue on the quarter was $1.164 billion up 10% from Q2 last year with currency contributing five points to the increase. As Keith noted, Q2 represents our return to year-over-year growth and provide evidence of the continued recovery in market conditions. Total segment operating earnings were $177 million up from $86 million in Q2 last year, very strong earnings conversion. I’ll discuss that further on the next slide. General corporate net expense was $23.6 million, compared to $14.7 million a year ago, that’s a significant year-over-year increase, and primarily due to performance based compensation were we reversed accruals in Q2 last year and incurred above the average expense this year. We also made a contribution to our charitable corporation in Q2 this year. General Corporate Net was about $3 million to $4 million higher in Q2 than our expected quarterly run rate. The $4 million of income shown as special item in Q2 last year was the reversal of previous restructuring accruals. The effective tax rate in the quarter was approximately 16% that’s considerably below our previous guidance range for the full-year estimated rate. We experienced about a five point benefit in the quarter related to the favorable settlement of our prior year tax matter. EPS from continuing operations was $0.77 up from $0.29 in the second quarter of last year, the tax settlement are referred to contributed about $0.05 in this quarters results. We recognized income from discontinued operations of $25 million in quarter two, or $0.18 per share primarily due to the favorable resolution of tax matters related to the sale of our Power Systems business in fiscal year 2007, so in total, earnings per share for the quarter was $0.95. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $144.4 million, and we resumed share purchases during Q2 and repurchased approximately 463,000 shares for $25.5 million. We have $596 million remaining under our existing $1 billion repurchase authorization. Now if you would please turn to chart two, Q2 results Rockwell Automation total, on the left side of the slide you can see the 10% year-over-year sales increase. Sales were up 9% sequentially. We experienced robust growth in our product businesses, year-over-year and sequentially. Solutions and service business revenues declined year-over-year, but improved somewhat sequentially. Moving to the earnings side of the chart, operating earnings increased by 106%, compared to Q2 last year and you can also see here a significant sequential earnings increase. Operating margin for the quarter was 15.2%, up 7.1 points compared to last year and up 2.4 points sequentially. The year-over-year improvement was primarily due to higher margins in the Architecture & Software segment, but in total for the company reflects strong volume leverage, improved mix, and the impact of our cost reduction actions from last year. This favorable margin performance in Q2 was realized despite some significant expense increases in the quarter primarily related to employee compensation. As we discussed in the last earnings release, we restored pay cuts and 401K match effective on January 1. In addition, we have decided to implement wage and salary increases for employees globally. It will take us a few months to implement this pay increase, but we intend to make a payment and implementation to catch up back to January 1; and performance-based compensation expense increased significantly compared to Q2 last year. In total, these three items increased expense year-over-year by $42 million in Q2. As a partial offset to these incremental expenses, there were no restructuring costs in Q2 this year compared to a $20 million restructuring charge in last year’s second quarter. Obviously, a lot of puts and takes in the quarter with respect to operating earnings and margins, but taking all of that into account still very strong earnings conversion. In January, on our earnings call I mentioned that we intended to begin the increased spending in Q2 and as Keith noted particularly in the areas of technology, domain expertise, and commercial facing in emerging markets. Frankly, other than the compensation items I just covered, we didn’t see much other spending increase in Q2. After clamping down so tightly last year, spending in these other areas as ramping more slowly than we expected, but we do expect to see increased spending principally in the targeted areas, in the balance of the year and that’s reflected in our revise guidance. We continued to believe, we are well positioned to deliver exceptional year-over-year earnings conversion for the full-year and you’ll that as well reflected in our guidance. Although not displayed on the chart, our trailing four quarter return on invested capital was 13.2% that’s down from 18.7% last year, but up from 9.5% last quarter. Through the balance of the year, we expect return on invested capital to steadily improve as we continued to see favorable year-over-year earnings comparisons. If you would turn to chart three, this chart summarizes that quarter two results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, you will see very strong sales performance in our Architecture & Software segment for the quarter. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of increased sales. Sales were up 31%, compared with the same quarter of last year including a six point contribution from currency, sequentially sales increase 10%. Operating margin for the quarter was 23.8%, that’s 15.4 points higher than the second quarter of last year and predominantly due to volume leverage. Operating margin improved 2.7 points sequentially. Chart four covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in Q2 were down 2% compared to last year, an organic decline as 7% offset by a four point benefit from currency and one point of growth from acquisitions. Sales in Control Products & Solutions increased 8% sequentially. In the product businesses of the Control Products & Solutions segment, sales increased both year-over-year and sequentially at rates similar to the Architecture & Software segment. In the Solutions & Services businesses of CP&S, sales were down in the mid teens compared to Q2 last year, but increased above 3% sequentially. Solutions & Service orders have continued to improve with the book-to-bill for Q2 just slightly higher than the 1.15 that we experienced in Q1. Segment operating earnings and operating margin were up slightly from last year on lower sales with better mix. On the right slide, you can see a significant sequential operating and earnings improvement in Q2 and segment operating margins expanded by 2.1 point sequentially. Turning to the next chart, chart five provides a geographic breakdown of our sales for Q2. The center column displays overall growth rates by region; therefore our right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. I’ll focus my comments on the far right column. In the U.S., sales were up 10% year-over-year, up 13% sequentially. Canadian sales increased 12% compared to prior year, but that includes the effect of an acquisition made last year, excluding sales from the acquisition, the year-over-year increase was about 4%. Sequentially, Canadian sales increased by 18%. In EMEA, sales declined by 7% compared to Q2 last year but increased 3% sequentially. Asia Pacific increased by 12% compared to last year, and 1% sequentially an emerging Asia including China saw 15% growth year-over-year. As Keith mentioned, we had a standout quarter for India with year-over-year growth of 24%. Latin America was down 4% year-over-year with improved product revenues offset by declines in the Solutions & Services business. You may recall, last year Latin America held up well through Q2 and then fell off, so compared with the other regions a relatively more difficult year-over-year comparison for Latin America, sequentially, Latin America sales increased by 8%. Now please turn to chart six, free cash flow. We’re continuing to see strong cash generation and conversion on that income. Free cash flow for the quarter was a $167 million, that’s despite some increased working capital to support higher sales levels. Year-to-date, free cash flow is $275 million, which represents about a 145% conversion. Our balance sheet also remains very strong, related to that during the quarter we renewed our 364 day credit facility, the expiring facility was $267.5 million; the new facility is $300 million. There were no difficulties in renewing and we experienced strong interest from the banking community. We have a separate $267.5 million facility expiring on March 15, 2012, so the total amount available under the two facilities is now $567.5 million.  And that brings us to the last chart, which addresses our current outlook for fiscal ‘10. As Keith mentioned, we are revising our full year guidance. We’ve increased the range of full year sales from the previous guidance of 4.4 billion to 4.6 billion to a new guidance range of 4.65 billion to 4.8 billion. Excluding currency effects, the new revenue range represents year-over-year growth of between 4% and 8%. We expect currency to contribute about three points to year-over-year growth, that’s one point lower than our January guidance. We’ve increased our estimated segment operating margins to a range of 13.5% to 14.5%. As I mentioned earlier, there are lot of puts and takes in the year-over-year margin comparisons, but overall throughout the guidance range, we’re expecting segment operating earnings conversion of about 60%. We’ve increased our fiscal 2010 EPS guidance to a range of $2.60 to $2.90 that compares to our previous EPS guidance range of $2 to $2.40. We now expect a full year tax rate of 19% to 21%, which is basically the lower end of our previous tax rate guidance. Given that we are halfway through the year as you can see we have somewhat narrowed both the sales and the earnings guidance range and we continue to expect free cash flow conversion above 100%. Now, I’ll turn it over to Rondi to begin Q-and-A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great, thanks, Ted. Monika, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Ted, the catch-up payment for pay increase, I think through January, did that imply there is a charge coming in the current quarter? And if so, what’s roughly the magnitude?
Ted Crandall: Actually, John, we incurred expense in Q2 with the plan catch-up of about $8 million.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that’s already in there, so there is no -- in basic.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, sorry, that’s only in Q2 and that run rate will not change in Q3 and Q4.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch : Okay. So this $42 million that you called out, that’s roughly the run rate per quarter. Is that correct?
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I think that’s fair.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Could you talk a little bit about the auto vertical, I just maybe sort of how much it was up. And then clearly, you’ve got a lot of vehicle launches to come. Does that give you confidence that auto, which is obviously a very rich mix for logics and other products, can continue?
Ted Crandall: Well, certainly automotive is one of the, I would say greatest year-over-year improvements for us as a business and just a put that in contact it’s up in total over the run rate at the end of ’09 over a 100% on a year-over-year basis first half of ’09 versus second half of – second half ’09 versus first half of ’10. We are seeing that certainly domestically is probably where the greatest increases have come and you’re right it has not been largely driven yet by the new platforms, particularly the new platforms at Chrysler and at General Motors. Ford continued to invest throughout the period and I would say we probably won’t see a significant delta there, but the comments I made about large CapEx spending having to pick up in the second half of the year for our products to grow. We do expect at probably in our fourth quarter that we’ll see a pick up in automotive project spending and therefore some improvement in our product sales from that and certainly the automotive is a very rich A&S content on those projects.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: That’s sort of where I was going, Keith. Basically, are you classifying auto then as these large CapEx projects? Because it strikes me, I know what you said, they have to pick up, but it strikes me, at least in that vertical, it is almost guaranteed just based on what the OEs are planning, that would at least start?
Keith Nosbusch: That’s true, John, but the comment was make in a somewhat of a broader context of which certainly automotive we think we have the highest confidence in that picking up, where the other areas that we’re looking at is, where you looking for line expansions at OEMs as opposed to just replacing an old machine that has to be a capacity expansion in things like food and brewing and beverage and home and personnel care in particular where the capital spending is a more significant piece of the project and then also we would be expecting it to grow or needed to go I should say in the Oil & Gas sector later in our fiscal year. And with mining we’re expecting that to probably not pick up a lot and that we’ll see the revenue, but we do expect projects that will improve next year’s large capital spending in that vertical. So it's a mixture of -- across what I would say more of the heavy process industry and then new lines in what I would call the consumer transportation types of industries as to what we mean when we say the larger capital projects.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. Just lastly, Keith, as we start this expansion cycle, how are you thinking of your global footprint, and perhaps requirement to make investments? And how would you compare it to the start of the last cycle? And by investments, I'm thinking say manufacturing capacity, I don't know, new iterations of logics, you've even talked about sales expansion right in emerging markets. How does your footprint in spending trajectory or requirements compare?
Keith Nosbusch: I would say there’s a lot of pieces there, so let me try to parse it a little and try to get adjust of your question. If you talk about your manufacturing footprints, we believe most of that spending is done at this point in time if you remember we started that probably about two years ago and made a significant transformation of our operating footprints into emerging markets and in particular at that point we talked about China, we talked about Singapore, we talked about Latin American in particular Mexico to a smaller degree, Brazil, and then Eastern Europe and in particular Poland. And the strategy was to grow that business, grow that footprint to be able to absorb the growth that we were anticipating at that point in particular in the emerging markets. With the significant decline that we had, we accelerated some of those moves to be ale to absorb that capacity quicker while reducing our foot print in the higher cost mature markets, so that’s been growing on and our team has done a great job of moving I’ll just say in that direction. So I think from an operation stand point and a manufacturing capacity, obviously we up to add machines or alien or may be a shift, but as far as significant investments, I believe those are behind us at this point in time. The one area that we do have to continue spending in is the evolution of our business systems outside of the United States and that’s something that is still probably a couple of years of investments in our new business system. We’re getting close to completion of that from the core functionality but as far as moving it into Europe, into Latin America and into Asia Pacific, we still have that in front of us, but I do not believe that will be an incremental spend that we have to take it, so I’ll just say a reallocation of our current spending from more North American and more function to more regional activities. So that piece of the spending, where we will see a need to increase the spending is in our core technology and in particular logics, we are increasing and we’ll continue to increase over the next two years. Spending to continue to expand the scalability of that platform and also to increase functionality and performance of the platform and that’s something now that we’ve been talking about with the community, the financial community for the last couple of quarters for sure and that’s what Ted mentioned, we didn’t ramp up very much in the second quarter. But we know that’s in front of us and certainly is an important dimension of our portfolio and therefore we need to continue to improve the investments in that technology. The other area where we will have to continue to incrementally spend and it’s another point that Ted made is in customer facing resources and domain expertise, and what that means is sales people and application engineering or our solutions businesses that deliver the automation and/or information projects and obviously there we’re expecting the greatest growth in emerging markets, so that’s where you will see us putting more spending. It’s an area that we try to protect as best we could, because as you know we made significant investment particularly in Asia a couple of years ago. And we did not want to take any of that out in the downturn and now, we are in a position and have started adding to that. So investments in emerging markets will be important and investments in the growth accelerators that we’ve outlined at our analyst day would be the areas that you are going to see us putting our next incremental investments into. 
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: That’s great color, Keith. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch : You’re welcome. And I’m sorry it took so long to get though it.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Bob Cornell with Barclays Capital.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital : Thanks, everybody. Well, it was worth the wait, Keith. Thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay, Bob. I appreciate your consideration.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: What does control products revenue had to do in the second half to get to your targets, You talked about the backlog and the book-to-bill in the overall guide, but control products are running negative, I mean, when does that business break positive to or what is the outlook for control products revenues in the guidance?
Keith Nosbusch : Well, obviously control products is made up of the two pieces that we always say, but if you look at second half we would expect depending on where we are in the range it would go any where from, lets say about 10% growth to the high teens at the high-end of the range. So that’s what we would expect first half versus second half in CP&S. 
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: So second half would be, is that year-over-year growth or second half or first half?
Keith Nosbusch: I’m sorry, it’s second half versus first half.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Okay. Now, I will let someone else ask the process questions, but one of the things that has always interested me is the growth in the machine control, the CompactLogix business. In the December quarter you mentioned a big order you got, and I think you’ve gotten lot of design wins over the last year when the market was quiet and I think you referenced the fact that could percolate as the market comes back. Maybe you could just flush out the CompactLogix machine control market. And that market is not too far smaller than the whole process market.
Keith Nosbusch: You’re right, Bob. And that’s why we talk about our growth accelerated being the OEM market for Rockwell Automation. It an area that we’ve focused on very aggressively the last couple of years, in particular when we came out with CompactLogix, because it is our scalable part of the logics and potential that is well suited for machine builders and certainly that’s what the target was and with that we can found that we allowing that automation portfolio and our confidence in particular, our safety components and that’s is the very strong package that we offer value to our machine builders.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: When are we going to see the revenues? I mean I understand you had design win that will last 12 months…
Keith Nosbusch: The OEM growth is the big part of why A&S grew at the rate at this quarter. It was probably the most significant contributor to grow was the OEM improvements. So, we are seeing the growth Bob and in particular CompactLogix growth in the quarter was up in for the high 30s on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So, we are seeing that pick up and we would expect that to continue in particular as the volume of those machines where we made the conversions on over the last year start to grow more revenue for the machine builders. So we’re very pleased with where we’re at and that's on a global basis. We have very strong OEM programs in Europe, in the U.S., and in Asia-Pacific in particular China and to some degree the smaller markets in Latin America both Mexico and Brazil. So we are seeing the growth I guess would be my comment Bob to your question.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Final question. Processor growth -- group performance in the quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the Logics business was up 36% year-over-year higher, basically 10 points higher than the A&S organic total and we see that as another very good sign for the future and certainly puts us back into the higher rate of growth compared to the overall company products average. And as I said, Compact was even a little bit of higher than that or I should say Compact was higher than Control and the combination was 36. So we feel very good about that pickup in the quarter.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Legacy?
Keith Nosbusch: Legacy grew, actually as you would expect given the fact that a lot of this is coming from MRO and to some degree OEMs, a lot of those machines are designed with the legacy systems in and so our legacy sales were up almost 10% on a year-over-year basis, so we had been talking about 10% annual declines in our legacy products. We certainly expect over the cycle that that will continue, but it’s another region we believe pent-up demand and restocking and small machines, or I should say, individual machine expenditures is what’s occurring because of that growth that we saw in the legacy business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Could you elaborate a little bit more about that earlier comment about channel restock, contributing three points to growth. Was that your channel partners or is that end customers?
Keith Nosbusch: That was a specific question about our channel, our distributors.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Okay. Now, from your perspective, has the channel restocked fully? Or will we still get some additional lift from that in the second half?
Keith Nosbusch: No not at these run rates, we believe now that we have the appropriate levels of inventory for the current demand and obviously we said that last quarter but the demand went up so we got a little more restocking push, but given our outlook now, what we talked about in our products business, we believer we’ve seen the benefit of that and quite frankly, that’s one of the headwinds that we see in the second half is the loss of that restocking, a point in Q1, the three points in Q2 is something that we have to push against for the rest of the years.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Which is that together with your prior comment about the Logix grows overall, would those two items suggest that we have had a richer than usual mix of products, and the type of products here in the first and second quarter and that will reverse some in the second half, just setting aside the solutions business just talking about products here?
Keith Nosbusch: It’s tough to say, if we’re just talking products. It really is some element of mix obviously as Ted mentioned, if you took our products sales of CP&S, it looked a lot like A&S. So it’s not like we’re seeing any deviation in products in total that says, no know totaling A&S products. So I don’t think the product per se is going to see a significant change. The big mix is the one you discounted and the big mix shift for us in the second half as solutions growing in the mid-to-high teens and products much lower. So you’ll see that as a natural mix impact going into the second half that you didn’t see in the first half.
Ted Crandall: Mark, I think there could be some small favorable mix impact in Q1 and Q2 and it’s really related to the strength we have seen in North America, were obviously, we have a in North America, were obviously we have a much larger installed base and benefit from more MRO and we also look at Q1 and Q2 and think that in that period MRO spending may have been a little bit overheated. So I think there could be a small favorable impact, but as Keith noted, the big mix impact is really going to solutions versus product.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research:  Final one here is, with the strong growth in the implied further acceleration in the second half here. Can you talk about your own internal supply and logistics situation? We’ve been hearing a little bit about constraints on certain product categories and you know is that likely to become more of an issue before debates, because of the revenue acceleration that you’re expecting?
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly, we don’t believe that, the logistics’ supply chain issues impacted our performance in the quarter of any significantly. There was no question that given the increases that we have seen that we are stretching the supply chain; and we’re stretching it quite dramatically. In particular, we have issues on electronic component, isolated issued on electronic components, because of the growth in, I’ll just call it the high-tech industries in a particular consumer electronics has put a number of those parts on allocation and Rockwell really is being not treated differently than other manufactures, who are demanding the same parts based upon the increase and so we’re managing through that, the impact has been the greatest in a couple of our product lines in our small controller business, the MicroLogix business in particular, and some isolated input, output devices and really in the rest of our portfolio we’ve been able to deal with it. That’s one of the advantages of having a great channel, they’re our first line of defense and they’ve been working very hard and very diligently to help us get through a difficult period driven by a very quick increase in volume. Obviously, when the supply chain shrunk last year, it shrunk dramatically and people took capacity out and now they’re hesitant to bring it back. So though we are experiencing some issues, they’re isolated, we’re managing those across the portfolios with our channel, with our sales organization and we believe the increase that we’ll see in the second half will not create a bigger problem than we currently have, we think the backlog if you will has stabilized, and we expect over the third quarter to work is done, and to be able to put that behind us and once again given the current delivery commitments on these parts. So we think, we’re passed the most difficult period and that we will work our ways through the remainder over quest of Q3 and certainty by the end of Q4 being a very, very solid position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan..
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So just to clarify on some of the cost you’re loading into the back half, so 2Q, how much more cost do we have to go? How fully loaded is 2Q? So, if you could just maybe give a little more detail, I know you spend a little bit of time on this, but I wasn’t quite clear what the total incremental cost bump-up is in the second half?
Ted Crandall: Yes, basically Steve, let me walk through this and maybe kind of remind you some of things we talked of our last quarter. So basically, regarding year-over-year cost savings from the restructuring actions, we’re still counting on $120 million year-over-year, basically all of that is in the Q2 run rate. So no significant change in savings as we go into Q3 and Q4. Compared to our previous full-year guidance, we now have additional cost headwinds of about $50 million related to additional compensation expense. That includes to the cost of the pay increase that we talked about, an increase performance based compensation and it split roughly equally between those two. As it relates to performance based compensation, one thing I would remind you of is, when we talk about that, that is a very broad based performance based compensation plans that kind of works across all of our salary and in all of the employees, but compared to the Q2 run rates, there is minor increase in those expenses in Q3 and Q4.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay, in both quarters, so it steps up in both quarters?
Ted Crandall: But minor, minor in those quarters, okay. I would take a larger expected run rate change in the quarter is really that other spending that both Keith and I have talked about that is related to new product investment and our growth accelerators, and there we’re expecting about $50 million increase in the second half of the year. I think if anything it maybe a little bit more heavily weighted to our Q4 than Q3, but it’s about $15 million increase in the second half.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Then when you’re talking about on the book-to-bill, is that’s not entire CPS, that’s just the services and bets the solutions book-to-bill, such as the part of CPS, right?
Ted Crandall: That’s correct.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So one more question is on CPS, I think the answer to the question to Bob Cornell’s question, second half over first half, you think at the low end, CPS is up 10% at the high end, 19% for second half over first half. That would imply a relatively low rate of sequential growth at Architecture & Software. Is that inline with normal seasonality or what are you seeing in April? Or is there anything in April that you’re seeing that drives that caution? Or is this just, you’re looking at the back half of the year and your short cycle business, so you’re not sure the sustainability of the product strength?
Keith Nosbusch: First let me just say, we’re not quite that high on CP&S as the high end, it’s more in the mid-17% as the high end. You’re right it is about the component story that’s what’s been driving the growth so far. We believe, we’ll see some flattening out and at the high end of our guidance of our products do grow quite frankly in the second half, quite substantially. So at the low end the first half over second half, or I should say, second half over first half, we’re expecting the mid-single-digit growth in A&S and certainly that’s a significant step up from where we are at this point in time and obviously there is some normal slowdown from a summer standpoint, if you will and in some of the major mature markets, but we’re not expecting any, I’ll say, meaningful deviation from our traditional rates in those businesses. It’s just that solutions starts picking up and we see that being the predominant growth driver in the second half of our years. So we still expect and have targeted some product growth in both A&S and CP&S to hit our revenue guidance.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: One last question, just looking at the 24% margin in Architecture & Software, should we still think about kind of the longer term targets here, in the context of incremental margins, and obviously anybody would be happy with a 24% to 25% margin, but I’m just curious as to longer term, where you think these things should go. I mean there’s only so much money you can throw at the business. So if you’re doing this early in the cycle, a little bit of revenue growth, I mean do we think about this as stable margins? Is there continued room for improvement here, unless like to peak out at 27%. I’m just curious as the --?
Keith Nosbusch: I think we have always said that we think reasonable margin targets for Architecture & Software. We’re in the mid to higher 20 range and we continue to believe that. I think what you’re experiencing this early in the cycle is the very strong volume leverage we get in Architecture & Software and our inability to ramp investment spending up as quickly as we might have like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Question on the MRO comments that you had earlier, you said it was pretty strong here. Is there some expectation with that kind of fades as we move through the rest of the year and to what degree, just big picture, how should we think about that?
Keith Nosbusch: I think that's kind of the other piece of Steve’s question that I’ve been answer. So thank you for the question. One of the reason, we do expect that pent-up demand does pay for all to some degree and that's why we have a little slower growth in the second half of the year in our products business because it has to come from new projects as opposed to just the MRO piece of it. So that is the way to be thinking about the MRO and leads going in then it kind of stabilizes at slower growth run rate and that's the phenomena and that you're seeing in the second half of our year and it's a normal phenomenon. So I don't think there’s anything here that we’re surprised that. The surprise was how fast to change, not the best that it’s going to be going down as the recovery continues to progress, but we certainly saw such a deep reduction in both CapEx and OpEx second half of last year that's the spending just had to come and production picked up and so as IP industrial production numbers picked up, people have to support that with investment and that's what drove the MRO strength, so a natural phenomenon very solid, very steep at the start because of the drop and now starting to flatten out in the second half.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Then in terms of the restocking, it just seems that as you look at the second half of the year, I know there’s some mix changes in the growth rate relative to this last quarter may not be as significant, but it just seems like there’s some potential for some restocking, based on your bigger picture outlook and so should we think of it as three points this quarter, it was one point in the fiscal first quarter. I mean it sounds like you still see some restocking taking place in the second half?
Ted Crandall: No Rich, I think you got to got to kind of the notion of what’s reflected in our guidance for product and as Keith mentioned, on the product side, our guidance says at the low end it would be rather flat to the Q2 run rate and that the high end were up mid single-digits to the Q2 run rate. I mean if we’re up if we hit closer to the high end, there will be some natural restocking. I think our message is we don’t think that’s the big number. Its not going to be another 3% per quarter going forward even at the high end, it might be 1%.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Then just last question, China grew 15% year-over-year. Last year at this time, China was on its back a little bit. I was just curious on your comp for that 15%, and then as you go through the rest of the year, given the recent strength in China, how do you see your growth rate there with customer winds and potential customer winds and just overall growth there right now?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly we expect in the second half of the year that China will be above the company average in growth and we would expect that to have similar numbers that you’ve seen in this quarter on a year-over-year basis. So we’ve made great inroads in China, particularly at OEM and also with this stimulus spending that has been going on in China that as driven a lot of our business and the automotive activities are also very positive there. So we see the continued evolution to a more consumer based economy and we think that both wells for us in addition to the OEM activities and pickup of our ability to address a broader suite of oil and gas industry application to China, our opportunities for us to continue to drive that higher growth rate.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Again, what was your comp last year, at this time for last year's quarter for China?
Keith Nosbusch: I don’t know that, on top of my head that’s something that will have run the get back to --
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, that’s fine. I’ll get offline.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Operator, I think we are about ready to ramp up the call. So I want to thank everyone for joining us today and if anyone has any follow-up questions, just give me call, we’ll go through that. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital John Inch – Merrill Lynch John Baliotti – FTN Equity Capital Markets Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Steve Tusa – JP Morgan Mark Zeff – Goldman Sachs Mark Douglass – Longbow Research Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to Rockwell Automation’s quarterly conference call. At this time I would now like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s First Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all of the charts that we reference during the call are available at that website. The webcast will be available for replay and the materials from this call will be accessible for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights of the first quarter and thoughts about our outlook for 2010. Then Ted will provide more details around the first quarter financial performance our revised 2010 guidance. There will of course be time at the end of the call to take your questions and we’ll try to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one or two questions and we’ll try and get to as many folks. We expect the call today to take about 45 minutes to an hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I’ll turn the call over to Keith. 
Keith Nosbusch:   As we exited last fiscal year we were cautious in our outlook for fiscal ’10. We had just experienced the largest and most rapid yearly revenue decline in my history with Rockwell Automation and we were just beginning to see stabilization in the macro environment and in our order rates. Fast forward three months and we now believe we are seeing the signs of recovery, reflected by continued improvement in key global economic indicators like industrial production and PMI and by our performance in the first quarter. I’ll talk more about our outlook later. First, let me give you some highlights for the first quarter. Revenue in the first quarter was better then our expectation, particularly in our Product businesses in December. Even though we think Product revenue in the quarter benefited from some unusual year end budget consumption by our customers, it still exceeded our expectations. In our Solutions businesses, revenue declined sequentially in Q1 as expected. We did see improvement in order rates for the first time since the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Favorable revenue mix along with the benefit of previous cost reduction actions contributed to sequential margin improvement in the quarter even after adjusting for the restructuring actions in the fourth quarter of last year.  The results in the quarter and an improved outlook for the year caused us to reverse our temporary pay and benefit cuts in January a quarter earlier then we originally expected. We believe this was the appropriate timing but it will create some additional sequential headwinds to margins for the remainder of the year. The first quarter was another very strong quarter for cash generation, over $100 million. I want to thank our customers, employees and partners for a great start to the fiscal year. Let me set the stage for our outlook for the remainder of the year. While key indicators such as industrial production and PMI are improving, we remain concerned about other factors such as continued high unemployment, historically low levels of capacity utilization and a very cautious capital spending outlook. It now seems that the recovery has started but the shape of the recovery remains uncertain. Absent some unexpected shock to the global economy we believe demand will trend flat to up from here. With this backdrop and using our Q1 results as a new baseline we are providing a revised outlook for fiscal 2010 full year revenue of $4.4 to $4.6 billion compared to our previous range of $4.1 to $4.4 billion. As in our previous guidance, to achieve the high end of the range we need to have meaningful second half over first half growth. At these new revenue levels we do expect to incur some additional expense from restoration of temporary action and higher incentive compensation in 2010. We expect to begin to make some incremental investments to support growth. With these factors in mind we are raising our earnings per share guidance. Our new range is $2.00 to $2.40. This revised guidance reflects the strong earnings leverage that we would expect on incremental volumes, especially with respect to our product businesses. Before I turn this over to Ted, let me highlight a few key developments in the quarter and then I’ll wrap up my comments. We talked at the November investor conference about our growth accelerators in the next cycle; process control, OEMs, safety, information, emerging markets, and sustainability. We continued to see progress in the first quarter.  We had another strong showing in the 2010 Control Magazine Readers Choice Awards, a survey of process control engineers. We placed first in 26 industry categories, almost three times the number of firsts of any other global automation company and a net gain of three positions from last year. In all categories we increased our first place finishes from 11 in 2007 to 36 in 2010. This further validates that Rockwell Automation is a DCS provider in the eyes of our process control customers. Regarding our OEM business, we received a $10 million order from a European packaging machine builder for machines to be exported to China. We received the first order for our new scalable process safety product advance from a national oil company in Latin America. This product enables us to serve a broader range of process industry applications. Emerging Asia grew over 9% in the quarter. In our information software business we received a $1 million order for a production management system at a Chinese automotive company. In closing, we believe that we are at the early stage of a recovery. We will continue to effectively manage our cost structure while appropriately investing in key technologies and growth opportunities. We are well positioned to take advantage of the recovery and we are ready to serve our customers needs when their automation spend increases. Now I’ll turn it over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: We posted charts to our website and my comments will reference those charts. Starting with chart one, Q1 Results: Summary. Revenue in the quarter was $1.067 billion down 10% from Q1 last year. An organic sales decline of 15.5% offset in part by favorable currency impact of 4.4 points and contribution from acquisition of about one point. Sequentially, sales declined by 1%. In all a very good first quarter and a stronger then expected start to the year in our product businesses. Segment operating earnings were $137 million down from $178 million in Q1 last year. General corporate net was $19.5 million compared to $18.1 million a year ago. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 20% a point below the low end of our projected range for the full year. EPS from continuing operations was $0.54 down from $0.81 in the first quarter of last year. We recognized a small environmental charge in discontinued operations. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 143.8 million and we did not repurchase any shares during the quarter. Moving to chart two, Q1 Results: Rockwell Automation. As noted previously, sales for Q1 declined 10% year over year and 1% sequentially. Q1 sales are typically lower then quarter four but 1% was a smaller then expected sequential decline. We hadn’t expected a significant sequential drop in solutions and we expected product sales about flat to Q4 run rates. Solution sales actually declined more then expected but we saw significant sequential growth in products. We believe a portion of that sequential products growth may have been due to some unusual year end consumption of customers operating expense budgets. However, even adjusting for that, product sales were stronger then expected. Moving to the earnings side of the chart, operating earnings climbed 23% year over year primarily due to the volume drop offset in part by cost reductions. Operating margin for the quarter was 12.8% down about 2.1 points compared to last year but up considerably from the trough margins experienced in fiscal ’09.  Looking at the earnings chart there’s an obviously large sequential earnings improvement on the 1% lower sequential sales, sequentially operating margin increased by 5.4 points. You may recall we incurred some significant restructuring charges in Q4 but excluding those charges operating margin increased sequentially by 2.3 points. That improvement reflects significantly richer product versus solutions mix in the quarter. We’re very pleased with the margin results in Q1 but this might be a somewhat overstated base for sequential quarterly comparisons as we proceed into the balance of the year. As I mentioned, Q1 saw a very favorable mix of products versus solutions, probably in part due to some unusual year end customer spending.  Additionally, Q1 will be the only quarter this year where we see a year over year benefit of some of our temporary actions. We restored pay cuts and 401K match beginning in January. With an improving outlook we are planning to allow some increased spending and that didn’t get started in time to impact Q1. On the other hand, we believe we’re well positioned for good leverage as volume increases and you’ll see that reflected in guidance.  Although not displayed on the chart, our trailing 12 quarter return on invested capital was 9.5%, that’s down from 22.3% last year primarily due to the earnings decline. Now please turn to chart three which summarizes the first quarter results of the Architecture & Software segment. Looking at the left side of this chart, a strong sales result for Architecture & Software in Q1 with a third consecutive quarter of increasing sales. Sales were down 7% compared to the same quarter last year with about a five point benefit from currency. Sequentially sales were up 11%. Operating margins for the quarter was 21.1% one half point below the first quarter of last year despite lower sales. That reflects the impact of our cost reductions of last year. Excluding restructuring charges from Q4 operating margin improved sequentially by 7.3 points. That sequential margin performance is primarily due to the significant volume leverage we generate in this higher margin segment. Chart four covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in Q1 were down 12% compared to last year with a 4 point benefit from currency and 2 points of growth from acquisitions. Sales were down 8% sequentially. We experienced sequential growth in the Products business of Control Products & Solutions but that was more then offset by the larger then expected decline in the Solutions business. Segment operating earnings were down 44% year over year and operating margin contracted by 3.7 points consistent with the lower volume. Excluding restructuring charges in quarter four, operating margin was lower sequentially by two points also due primarily to lower volume. The next chart five provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. In the center column you’ll see the overall growth rates by region; the far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. This is the first quarter since the fourth quarter of fiscal year ’08 in which currency made a positive contribution. I’ll focus my comments on the far right column, excluding currency effects. In the US sales were down 18% year over year but up 3% sequentially. The US was the only region with sequential growth and really all of that due to strength in the Product businesses, particularly Architecture & Software. Canadian sales declined by 8% compared to prior year but that comparison benefits from an acquisition made last year. Excluding that, the year over year decline was about the same as in the US.  In EMEA, sales declined 16% compared to Q1 last year. Asia/Pacific was the only region that demonstrated year over year growth at 5%. Emerging Asia including China saw over 9% growth year over year. Latin America was down 19% year over year with the largest declines in the solutions businesses. Turn to chart six, free cash flow. For the quarter, free cash flow was $108 million, a very good start for the year and that’s just a little less then 140% conversion. That brings us to the next side which addresses our current outlook for fiscal ’10. As Keith mentioned, we’re revising guidance. We have increased the range of full year sales to $4.4 to $4.6 billion to reflect a higher baseline based on Q1 performance. Excluding currency effects for the full year that revenue range represents a decline of 2% at the low end to growth of 3% at the high end. We expect currency to contribute about four points to year over year growth, one point more then in our November guidance. We’ve adjusted our estimate of segment operating margin to 12% to 13%. We’ve increased our fiscal 2010 EPS guidance to a range of $2.00 to $2.40. We now expect the full year tax rate of 19% to 23%. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion above 100%. With that I’ll turn it over to Rondi to begin the Q&A session.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: We are ready to open the lines now for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital
Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital: The strength in the Product business that you saw the end of the quarter did that continue into January despite the year end adjustments you’re talking about?
Keith Nosbusch: We obviously exited Q1 at a faster rate then we thought and certain in January what does happen is we do see a fall off. Certainly that did occur and the rate slowed as expected. January to date daily order rate is below the average for Q1 and this is true in both Products and Solutions but I would say that’s our normal typical start. Its one of the reasons sometimes Q2 can actually be lower then Q1.  We really don’t know the continued strength until we get into the mid-February end of the quarter time period because obviously most of the companies are resetting their budgets for a new year and it takes a while for that to work through the system. I would say right now we are seeing exactly what we would have expected. Obviously that’s part of the factoring into our guidance that we provided.
Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital: What soft of magnitude of the temporary cost recovery feedback are you going to have in terms of dollars or margin, basis points? Could you quantify that for us at all?
Ted Crandall: Let me try that in two different respects. The restoration of the pay cuts and the 401K match is about a $15 million sequential expense increase from Q1 through the balance of the year.
Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital: That’s for year or for quarter?
Ted Crandall: That’s per quarter. The other large item we will have this year will be increase in incentive compensation compared to last year’s levels. At the new guidance midpoint we would expect that to be up in the ballpark of $70 million.
Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital: For the year?
Ted Crandall: For the year.
Bob Cornell – Barclays Capital: You talked about Solution orders improving; do you have a book to bill in Solutions?
Ted Crandall: The book to bill in Solutions in the first quarter was roughly 1.15.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch – Merrill Lynch
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: I want to focus a little bit on your commentary around; I think you used the term “unusual” to describe some of the year end customer budgetary spending. Why do you say that? Was there a concentration amongst a group of customers that you talked to that you sort of felt that was the case, was it broad based, or are you just basically trying to be cautious as the year unfolds?
Keith Nosbusch: No, I don’t think it’s because we’re trying to be cautious. I believe, this is more of a broad brush statement then we talked to a handful of customers. What we normally see as December unfolds is a normal start and then about midway through it starts tailing off and then certainly as you get between the holidays it’s pretty slow normally.  Obviously that’s certainly what we were expecting this year because if you remember last year basically everybody shut down and there was really zero going on which is obviously worse then normal. It was a very reduced level last year. We thought we’d get back to a normal seasonality at the end. What we saw was a continued acceleration in the Product businesses through the month. As we went through our normal series of reviews in January getting ready for this call and obviously the remainder of the year outlook we got significant feedback from the various regions and verticals that certainly there was an increased spending thrust as they approached the end of the year. Certainly a portion of that, we believe there are a couple of factors behind that.  One, there had been such a reduction in what I would call just normal operating spending in our second and third quarters and into the fourth that because industrial production picked up there was a natural rebound there as well as supply chains were pretty well done and down and people had reduced their maintenance storerooms and other spending to a point where there was probably a little higher then average replacement.  Then also because that spending was decreased for such a long period of time we do believe there was some end of the year spending bubble that was why we called it unusual. That kind of gives you a lot of color around that question.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: I know you guys have very good visibility into your own dealer channel and certainly talked about the end of a de-stocking. If I can infer from your comments, are you suggesting that there has been a degree of restocking and do you think that actually continues based on; you’re hearing chatter about this outside of Rockwell about a degree of restocking. Are you seeing that and do you think that actually has a degree of legs based on where channel inventories are set and where you sort of see demand picking up associated with macro variables and so forth.
Ted Crandall: We think we saw about one point of improvement in sales in Q1 due to restocking. As demand continues to increase, if demand continues to increase through the year we would expect that to continue.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: If you look at the Architecture & Software business I think sequentially you’re talking a $45 million delta in revenues yet if you adjust for restructuring in the fourth quarter you almost had $40 or $41 million of sequential profit margin pick up. It almost looks like a 90% variable contribution margin. I know you referenced strong product sales but actually how did the A&S business put up such a very robust contribution margin in the first quarter?
Ted Crandall: I would say the most important factor in there is very strong incremental contribution margins in Architecture & Software. Obviously that doesn’t explain a 90% conversion. There are, in any two quarters, puts and takes and some unusual adjustments in the quarter and we probably had a couple negative items in Q4 and some positive items in Q1 that also influenced that conversion for Architecture & Software.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: I’m assuming logics had a very good quarter is that true?
Ted Crandall: Logics sales for the quarter year over year were down about 7% but obviously that’s better performance then Architecture & Software as a whole and that’s on an organic basis.
Keith Nosbusch: Sequentially they were up 11% so yes they had a strong quarter.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: You think Logics does what for the year?
Ted Crandall: As far as percentage growth for the year?
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Yes, roughly.
Ted Crandall: We think we’ll get back close to 10% year over year.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baliotti – FTN Equity Capital Markets
John Baliotti – FTN Equity Capital Markets: Obviously taking out the entire prior range in guidance and you guys are historically very conservative even throughout the last cycle, are you feeling better because you mentioned in your opening remarks that orders had picked up. Are you seeing what’s in the orders much more stable, higher profitability then you guys were seeing or not seeing anything before when the guidance was first laid out?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I believe we’re seeing two things at this point in time that we didn’t see when we gave our initial guidance. That is a sustained pick up of our product revenues. Obviously we thought that we would have a closer to flat to Q4 during our Q1 and it grew. As I said earlier it grew throughout the quarter which was unusual. The other aspect is our Solutions business where we definitely expected it to continue to decline in sales but quite frankly we were a little surprised that we saw sequential order improvement. The last time we had talked we were still going down in our Solutions business. We believe that we now probably have seen the bottom of the Solutions business and we have more certainty that we have seen the bottom in our Products businesses, although obviously the shape as we’ve mentioned of the recovery is still very difficult.  We think with respect to the magnitude of the change that we’re trying to go right down the middle of the fairway with what we see today. I think traditionally that’s the approach we’ve taken to tell you what we know; when we know it, and try to make sure we’re as credible as possible on both of the sides of the range. I think we have a little more confidence in the stability then we did previously and certainly we believe that unlike last year where Products were going down at a much faster rate then Solutions and therefore we saw all the decremental margin impact.  We now fully expect Products to lead Solutions and therefore you’re seeing some of these higher incremental margins going the opposite way. I think it’s that plus obviously the macro economic indicators, we’ve got another quarter of looking at those. While there not have been significant change they’ve all stayed, certainly the PMIs have stayed above 50 now for a significant number of months. Industrial Production on a global basis continues to show, while not large, certainly some improvement.  I think it’s that total combination including talking to customers and while they may not be increasing their spending dramatically they’re talking about and they’re looking for more quotations. They believe they will be releasing projects later in the year. That’s why we talked about a meaningful second half over first half growth. It’s a number of those aspects that caused us to have probably a little different perspective then we did three months ago.
Ted Crandall: I think there’s one other thing. Similar to our November guidance, we’re assuming in this guidance that we don’t see any significant retreat on average in the balance of the year from the run rates we’re seeing in Q1. No “W” shaped recovery. This assumes that at worst things are flat and at the high end we see some reasonable improvement over the balance of the year.
John Baliotti – FTN Equity Capital Markets: I think you guys are pretty conservative, you guys are clearly concerned when you laid out the first numbers and try to caution us in terms of the amount of volatility of given a certain percentage of your more profitable business not showing up.
Keith Nosbusch: I think that’s a fair statement. Certainly the confidence at that point was certainly shaken given what we saw in the previous three quarters.
John Baliotti – FTN Equity Capital Markets: If you look back at this last cycle, I know we’re a lot lower in capacity utilization then before so it may be hard to interpret but if you take out even some of the unusual as you consider them unusual items in the quarter, the behavior of the patterns and you talk to a lot of customers obviously and just the behavior and the patterns that you’re hearing from them or seeing in your numbers. How does that compare to when we were in the 73.5 when we bottomed the last time of capacity utilization, have you seen any similarities or differences?
Keith Nosbusch: I think it’s a little too early to talk about the differences. The similarities that we see is I think people are cautious. This has been a very, very difficult period for many companies and I think we’ll see them trying to drive productivity as long and as hard as they can to try to offset incremental investments. Actually we’re hoping that that will drive some project activity that is more focused on cost reduction and productivity as opposed to true incremental CapEx spending. I just think people are still very sensitive. I think the uncertainty looking forward is probably higher this time then ever, quite frankly. The uncertainty of what new regulations are coming, what new tax environment will they be involved with and certainly I think those are all things that are going to play out. Right now I believe people are probably a little more unsure of what does it look like over the next three to six months. I think we’ll see a little more cautiousness on their part.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: A couple details on the guidance, is there any change to the tax rate and is there any acquired revenue anticipated in the revenue outlook?
Ted Crandall: Our previous guidance for tax rate was 21% to 25%. The revised guidance is 19% to 23%. There is no assumption of acquired sales in the sales guidance outlook.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: The question that I’ve got more substantial is having to do with the surge here in the December quarter. There’s a couple things that seemed like they could potentially drive some of that that are lapsing, hopefully now or soon. One is that your price increase was announced for the end of January and typically those are in August. We have a non-comparability of when the price increase comes through and whether there’s pre-buying ahead of that.  Secondly, we’re hearing about the supply chain being somewhat taught for some of the product categories and some of the dealers are telling us that they’re actually building stock and you guys actually confirmed that with that 1% comment. As you get your SAP issues further resolved as the year unfolds and that we now have even year over year price comparisons, do you expect this sort of surge to subside and even reverse. Basically if we pulled forward a lot into the first quarter and then we have to pay it back later in the year.
Ted Crandall: We already talked about what we thought the restocking impact was which was about one point. I think as we move forward, assuming that we see some increase in demand as the year progresses and end demand at distributor level would expect to see some continued benefit from restocking in the balance of the year. As it relates to price we don’t believe there was any significant pull forward as a consequence of the price announcement. Keith mentioned we do think there may have been some unusual buying in December particularly in our Architecture & Software segment that related to customers consuming year end budgets. It’s a little bit difficult to quantify that because we’re trying to discern between that and just a normal increase in demand now. That’s really the only thing we would peg as unusual in Q1.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: To clarify the comment you made earlier about the mix of business between products and solutions. How far off in the quarter was that revenue mix versus what would either be a normal year or what you would be forecasting for the full year?
Keith Nosbusch: Off hand I don’t know exactly what the percentage was compared to the expectation for the quarter. Basically we saw a strong sequential increase in product sales when we expected it to be flat. We saw a larger then expected decline in solution sales in Q1.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Larger then expected decline in Solutions. Even though orders picked up your actual revenues.
Ted Crandall: Even though orders picked up. That was basically, we talked about having a hole in the backlog coming into the quarter. It was a very favorable mix in the quarter and not one I would expect to maintain as the year progresses. Even part of that mix may have been influenced by this kind of year end budget consumption by customers which obviously disproportionately practically all fell in the Products and primarily in Architecture & Software which is our highest margin area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa – JP Morgan
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: I wanted to talk about the mix a little bit in A&S. What was legacy in the quarter, logics was down 7% was legacy?
Keith Nosbusch: Legacy was down 20% which makes it sound like a lot but it’s a lot better then fiscal year ’09 when it was down 35%. It was down 20% but up sequentially 9%. It goes into the same category as logics and Ted’s comment earlier that we saw an improvement in our highest margin portfolio which would be the combination of logics and legacy.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: You mentioned that China, the software deal, any kind of moving parts in software in the quarter that were notable either way?
Keith Nosbusch: First of all, software isn’t big enough to be notable at the end of the day. We are very encouraged with the continued building of what I’ll call the front log and the pilots that we’ve talked about earlier. We did have some good customer wins as far as the early stages of proof points and that part gave us an encouraging quarter in software. Like I said, it’s still a relatively small number but one that we do see very good signs for, for the duration of the cycle.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: You called out the $1 million is that an unusual deal? I’m curious, it sounds like a relatively meaningful deal in the scope of your software business.
Keith Nosbusch: It is. We called is out for two reasons. One that is a large software order. Secondly, it’s in China in the automotive. The other message is these emerging markets are looking at investing in technology and tools to help them be world class and productive. The fact that you’re seeing a plant floor software solution being implemented in China we feel that’s a demonstration of the importance of this type of technology and also the fact that it’s not just in mature markets and from mature companies that are willing to invest in the information space. It was really those two messages that we wanted to communicate.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: How many of those types of large deals are out there? Are they few and far between, are you working on more and more of them? Give us some context you talked about the front log in software, maybe just use the $1 million order from China as a baseline and describe.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly that’s why we’re creating the pipeline is to be able to have more of those size orders as we go forward. This was one that was large in a single instance. What tends to be more typical is that we would have a smaller initial order in a plant or on a line and then we would want to see a sustained roll out of that across the enterprise globally. While this is a single instance, we believe the other dimension of this that is equally important if not more important to us is the ability to put this software in many of our customer facilities and to generate the performance for them across their enterprise as opposed to one offs.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: On the numbers, is there any kind of change in the moving parts when it comes to the restructuring charges, savings, temporary stuff come back in? Did you increase those numbers by a little bit so they’re now more of a headwind then you would have expected when you gave the previous guidance? You said some of these costs were going to come back in if volume returned. Is it in line or is this more of a headwind, maybe you could just walk through those moving pieces under the bridge?
Ted Crandall: First what I would say is that...
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Have you called off the dog at all in the restructuring perspective?
Ted Crandall: I was going to start by saying all of the savings we were expecting to see this year we still expect to see. As we talked about restoration of temporary actions in our previous guidance at midpoint as being about $30 million of headwind, we now think at the new midpoint that that is more like $70 million of headwind and that difference is comprised of two pieces. One is somewhat earlier, restoration of pay cuts and the 401K match but the larger chunk of it is really just higher incentive compensation at these new guidance levels. You may recall we have a very broad based, pretty much across all employees who are not quota carrying incentive plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Zeff – Goldman Sachs
Mark Zeff – Goldman Sachs: At the high end of the guidance range what’s the implied second half versus first half revenue increase?
Keith Nosbusch: In that, the high end if you look at it, we would expect that we have a mid-teens growth from first half to second half. It’s probably weighted more towards solutions. 
Mark Zeff – Goldman Sachs: To follow up on the Solutions comment, could you provide any detail in terms of verticals, where you saw the order increase in the quarter and where you’re more optimistic for the back half of the year?
Keith Nosbusch: I think with our Solutions businesses where we have seen the pick up is in Automotive. We’ve seen it in Waste Water and a little bit in Oil & Gas although that’s been a very strong year for us, we do expect it to be slightly better this year. I would say that’s where the significant deltas were at this point in time.
Mark Zeff – Goldman Sachs: On capital allocation, still expecting to convert the higher earnings range and the strong free cash flow, any change in your thinking, priorities, M&A, buyback?
Keith Nosbusch: No, our cash deployment priorities remain the same. Investing in organic growth, small bolt on acquisitions and then any excess operating cash we would return to shareholders and there we have three vehicles; dividends, stock repurchase, dividend increase or special dividend if you will. I would say the one area that we constantly take a look at would be infusion into our pension plan, while we have no required contributions in the short term that could be an opportunity for us to utilize excess free cash.
Mark Zeff – Goldman Sachs: Is there any share repurchase embedded in the guidance?
Ted Crandall: There is no share repurchase embedded in the guidance. As you know, we curtailed share repurchase last year because we thought it was important to manage the balance sheet liquidity in that down economy. I would say given the current guidance and our expectations for excess free cash flow this year we will consider beginning share repurchase in the latter half of this year, at least partially to offset dilution from stock compensation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Douglass – Longbow Research
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: The $70 million headwind from compensation, that’s inclusive of incentive compensation, of bonuses and 401K and salaries being made whole?
Ted Crandall: I missed the very first part of your question. Could you repeat that please?
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: The $70 million headwind that you talk about from temporary costs, actions coming back, is that inclusive of everything its not just bonus incentive compensation?
Ted Crandall: That’s correct, that’s inclusive of everything. I want to make sure I’m being clear. We previously talked about a headwind of $30 million. It’s an increase of $70 million so the new headwind would be $100 million. And a new midpoint.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: If you can talk about the Europe piece, what was the performance sequentially and also what are you seeing there, same with the OEMs, obviously the packaging order is that indicative of what’s happening?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I think in Europe we are continuing to see some softness in a number of areas. Certainly from a macro economic perspective we believe that Europe is somewhat lagging the US with respect to recovery and it’s probably the region that we have the least confidence in with respect to growth. However, having said that, what we have seen in Europe and its one of our growth accelerators is working more closely with the OEM industry. We have seen improvement on a quarter basis in the OEM sector and in particular in packaging OEMs which is the one that I highlighted during my comments. Europe is tougher but we are starting to see some improvement in the OEM sector.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Does that imply that you’re gaining some market share in Europe? Could you also discuss if you’re gaining market share in process industries?
Keith Nosbusch: Europe is a hard one to call in this environment because we don’t have real good numbers. I would say published numbers if you will. It takes us a little while to get a feel for what is really going on in Europe. I would say I don’t think we’re losing share but I cannot say that we are gaining it in Europe. With respect to process, there we do have more confidence and we do know that we are gaining share in process and we’re gaining it through a number of vehicles.  Obviously the most important reason for process improvement is the fact that our plant wide control strategy and differentiation that we have as a company with our technology continues to resonate with our customers. That story is getting stronger, louder, and gaining a lot of traction. The second reason is because of the activities that we have started probably a little over a year now, two years probably since our acquisition of ICST which is a process safety supplier. That, in combination with logics we now have an integrated safety and control system that is a very solid platform in particular for Oil & Gas and other heavy process industries.  We started to focus on the batch hybrid space but now in process we’re moving more and more into the heavy industry and continuous process and so that would be the other area that we are able to achieve share growth and one of the vehicles that we’re using there is the ability to replace legacy DCS systems that are no longer being supported. We get our credibility by replacing existing in a lot of the mature markets and then in emerging markets we’re able to compete effectively in Greenfield applications.
Operator: Your last question comes from Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Could you talk for a second or two, we talked about the Solutions business and where order strength but on the MRO side of the short term business it sounds like we had decent growth sequentially in the legacy and logics but what markets there did we see the up tick, some, especially auto one could make the argument that there was some budget flush and just an acceleration in spend at year end. I’m curious what markets maybe you could flag for us on the MRO or short term side of the business?
Keith Nosbusch: I think some of the MRO was just in general because of the depletion of activity over probably our second, third and into the early fourth quarters. So that was kind of broad. You answered half the question and that is where did we see a unique situation, it was auto. There is no question that auto bought more in the first quarter then they had previously. In addition to auto we saw a pick up in the tire industry. Generally speaking transportation had very good improvement in our first quarter and it’s an area that we would expect to see growth on a year over year basis going forward.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Did it grow year over year in the first quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Your commentary about as we rolled into January the daily order rate maybe down a little bit from where it was in the first quarter. Would it be your expectations this early in the quarter that we would see a normal seasonal downtick in revenue in the second quarter or is that still uncertain?
Keith Nosbusch: That’s uncertain. Certainly Q2 is the one that I would say in normal environments can be softer then the previous quarter. The difficulty is it always starts out slow in January. Then it’s a question of what happens later in the quarter and that’s why it’s a tough one to call because we don’t get to the edge of the building because of the first couple of weeks in January. If that continues into late February and March it’s a different story. It’s a hard one to distinguish at this early in the quarter. We have seen nothing that is different then what a normal start to the quarter would be at this point.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: With that we’re going to wrap up today’s call. We want to thank all of you for joining us. I’ll turn it back over to the operator.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations Keith Nosbusch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Theodore D. Crandall – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan  John Inch - Merrill Lynch Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Jeffrey Sprague - Citi  Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation’s quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference is being recorded. Later in the call we will open the lines for questions. (Operator Instructions)  At this time I would now like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle :  Great. Thanks Mika. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s fourth quarter fiscal 2009 earnings release conference call. Our results were release this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures.  A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all of the charts that we reference during the call are available at that website. The webcast will be available for replay and the materials from this call will be accessible for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include overviews of 2009 and our 2010 outlook along with a preview of what you’ll hear during our investor conference on Thursday. Then Ted will provide more details around the fourth quarter and full year 2009 performance and 2010 guidance. There will of course be time at the end of the call to take your questions and we’ll try to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. We expect the call today to take about 45 minutes. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I’ll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch : Thanks, Rondi and good morning to everyone who’s joined us on the call today. 2009 was clearly a very difficult year. More than a year ago we saw a slowdown coming and took early cost actions in Q4 of 2008. We were one of the first industrial companies to provide an outlook for declining revenue in 2009. But business conditions deteriorated even more rapidly than we had expected and for most of the year we were mired in the deepest and broadest global recession of my career. The turmoil in the financial markets exacerbated the economic decline and was a contributing factor in most industrial company’s decisions to slow down production, slash spending, and conserve cash. In this economic environment, we experienced a full year organic revenue decline of 19%. But we did see demand levels in our product business start to flatten out in the latter part of the year.  Although our solution order rates declined throughout the year, those declines slowed considerably in the third quarter. So at this point we would characterize business conditions as relatively stable but at demand levels well below the peak of the cycle.  In spite of the challenges in 2009, I want to highlight several key accomplishments. We acted decisively throughout the year to right size the cost structure, achieving $300 million of savings in 2009 with incremental savings expected in 2010. We carefully balanced these actions with preserving investments in our core technologies and global domain expertise. We also generated great cash flow this year by quickly aligning inventory levels to lower demand, effectively managing receivables in a difficult credit environment, and appropriately constraining capital spending. I want to thank our employees, partners, and customers for their unwavering support during this difficult year. Before I turn to 2010, I’d like to reflect on our transformation on why the future is bright for Rockwell Automation. Roughly six years ago we developed a core strategy of diversifying our revenue base and expanding our served market. This strategy guided our investments since then and we have seen real results.  We diversified geographically and now earn about half our revenues outside the US. The percentage of our revenues from emerging markets has more than doubled since 2000. We diversified in end markets and now serve a broader range of consumer and heavy industry and applications. We continued enhancing logics and as a result, dramatically expanded our served market and are the market leader in plant wide control. We made extraordinary progress in process and are now recognized by process customers as a DCS provider. We gained the number one position in the global machine and process safety market. We expanded our capabilities in service and solutions to capitalize on domain expertise with existing and new customers.  Lastly, we recognize the growing importance of OEMs and automation decisions and have expanded our product and solutions portfolio to meet their needs and aligned commercial efforts to further penetrate this market. While diversification did not save us from the ravages of the latest down cycle, it did make the cycle’s impact on us less severe.  Ted will provide more detail about our guidance in his comments, but let me set the stage. While macroeconomic indicators such as GDP, industrial production, and PMI are improving, it is still an uncertain environment for manufacturers. Unemployment remains high and consumer demand is less than robust. We expect a recovery but no one knows what the shape of the recovery will be. Our order rates seem to have stabilized but it is too soon to call it a trend. Our quoting activity is up but we are still seeing some project delays and a cautious approach to spending by most of our customers. With this backdrop, we are providing an outlook for revenue excluding currency to decline 9% to 2% from 2009. Remember, in Q1 of ’09 we were just starting to see the sharp drop in business. Consistent with this outlook, we expect to show sequential and year-over-year revenue growth in the second half. These volume declines will put a downward pressure on EPS but with the significant benefit of our cost actions, we are providing EPS guidance of $1.25 to $1.75. Before I turn this over to Ted, let me leave you with a few key thoughts. At our investor conference on Thursday, I will go into more depth on why we believe Rockwell Automation will outperform the market in the next cycle.  Here is a preview: manufacturers will need to invest in automation to remain globally competitive. Automation markets will grow in excess of GDP. We invested in and expanded our capabilities over the last cycle. We continue to make inroads in process applications and are expanding our capabilities in both batch hybrid and continuous. We have improved our number one global safety position.  We are winning OEM conversions and will see increased orders when end market demand picks up. We have expanded [posit] activities for our information software solutions and we are well-positioned to benefit from growth in emerging markets. Though we remain very confident in the future of Rockwell Automation, our technology remains a differentiator. We have great employees and partners who remain dedicated to solving our customers’ business needs.  We have demonstrated our agility in responding to rapidly changing market conditions. We have improved our cost structure, and we continue to have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. We have executed well in this downturn and are well-positioned for when the economy does recover. Please join us on Thursday to hear more. Now I’ll turn it over to Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning. As Rondi noted, we’ve posted charts to our website and my comments will reference those charts. I’ll start with the full year results on Chart 1. Sales for the full year ended at $4.332 billion, a 24% decline compared to fiscal year ’08. Currency contributed 5 points to the decline. Excluding currency, sales declined 19%. Segment operating margin for the year was approximately 10%. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $1.53. Excluding Q4 restructuring charges and special items from Q2, EPS for the full year fiscal ’09 was $1.68, that puts us at the top end of our July guidance range. Free cash flow for the year was $431 million. That’s conversion of almost 200%. We’re very pleased with that result. ROIC for the year was 11% below our long term target levels due to the significant decline in earnings in fiscal ’09.  Moving on to Chart 2, Q4 Results Summary, sales in Q4 were $1.074 billion down 28% from Q4 last year. Currency contributed 3 points to the decline. Segment operating earnings were $80 million down from $269 million last year. The decline in operating earnings is primarily due to the significant year-over-year revenue loss. Segment operating earnings in Q4 included pre-tax restructuring charges of $33 million related to our ongoing efforts to appropriately align our cost structure to current demand levels. After tax the EPS impact of the Q4 restructuring charge was $0.17. The $33 million charge was higher than we projected for Q4 at the time of our last earnings release in July. We went deeper on restructuring actions to achieve a total of $80 million of incremental savings for fiscal ’10. The $80 million of savings includes actions taken in Q4 as well as actions taken previously in fiscal ’09 and that compares to the $50 million to $100 million of savings for fiscal ’10 that we targeted earlier in fiscal ’09. The charges were also higher because we took broader actions in Europe than originally expected. As you know, Europe tends to be the most expensive region for such actions. We took broader actions in Europe in part to reallocate commercial resources to emerging markets where we anticipated better growth opportunities.  There were also charges incurred in the quarter to exit non-core lines of business in the architecture and software segment. Given the very difficult market conditions in fiscal ’09, we took early and aggressive action to address the cost structure. As Keith mentioned, we achieved our target to take out $300 million of cost for the full year of fiscal ’09. Moving further down on the chart, purchase accounting expense and interest expense were each lower year-over-year by about $1 million. General corporate net was $31 million in Q4, up from $24 million last year and higher compared to run rates earlier in fiscal ’09. The increase was primarily due to a decision in Q4 to fund $8 million to the Rockwell Automation Charitable Corporation.  Taxes were a minor benefit in the quarter and our full year rate finished at 20.4%, better than we had expected. The lower rate in Q4 is primarily due to discrete tax items which were resolved in the quarter. Diluted EPS for Q4 was $0.20. Excluding restructuring charges, diluted EPS for Q4 was $0.37. Last year in Q4 we incurred restructuring charges that were shown on the P&L as special charges. Consequently, those charges did not run through segment operating earnings. Diluted EPS in Q4 last year excluding those special charges was $1.08. This is a comparable EPS number to the $0.37 in Q4 of fiscal ’09. Average diluted shares in the quarter was 143.3 million, about 1% below last year. There were no shares repurchased in Q4 of fiscal ’09. Moving to Chart 3, Q4 Results Rockwell Automation. On the left side of the chart you’ll see sales performance. As I mentioned on the prior chart, sales for Q4 declined 28% year-over-year with currency accounting for 3 points of the decline. Sales increased 6% sequentially, about the same sequential increase in both segments.  We’ve seen some significant weakening of the dollar over the course of fiscal ’09. That continued through the fourth quarter and adjusting for currency, the sequential sales increase was about 4%. The right side of the chart displays segment operating earnings. Segment operating margin excluding restructuring charges was 10.5%. That’s much lower than last year due to the substantial decline in revenue but up sequentially about 1.3 points and that’s excluding restructuring charges from both Q3 and Q4. Also excluding restructuring charges, earnings conversion for Q4 was 38% and that’s similar to last quarter. Please turn to Chart 4 which summarizes the Q4 results of our architecture and software segment. Sales declined year-over-year by 31% in the quarter, two points of that decline due to currency. Architecture and software sales were up 6% sequentially. Segment earnings were $37 million. Architecture and software incurred the larger portion of restructuring costs in the quarter, approximately $22 million. Excluding restructuring costs, operating margin was 13.8%. That’s down from 23% last year but up about two points sequentially.  Turning to the next page, Chart 5 covers controlled products and solutions. Sales were $650 million down 25% year-over-year but with the same 6% sequential increase. On a year-over-year basis, currency contributed three points to the decline. Sequential growth was 6% and products and solutions each improved sequentially with slightly stronger sequential growth in solutions. In solutions, this was a typical quarterly pattern. Segment operating margin was 6.6% or 8.3% excluding restructuring charges. In either case, down from 14.7% last year.  Moving to the next chart, Chart 6 provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in Q4. I’ll focus my comments on the far right column which shows the regional growth rates excluding currency effects, though I will note that the currency impacting Q4 was the smallest impact of any quarter this year. Similar to previous quarters, the mature economy has lead the year-over-year declines. The US was down 30%, Canada down 28%, and EMEA down 22%. Asia Pacific sales were down 16% year-over-year but up several percent sequentially. Exporting countries in Asia Pacific remain weak. In China, sales were down about 10% compared to last year but up 11% sequentially. Latin America sales were down this quarter 15% year-over-year but up 19% sequentially.  I’ll move to Chart 7, free cash flow. Q4 was another very strong cash generation quarter and a strong ending to the full year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $88 million and free cash flow for the full year was $431 million. The full year conversion was almost 200%. As I said, we’re very pleased with the results we achieved this year in working capital management and in reducing capital spending. We ended the year with working capital down about $255 million after a difficult start in Q1. Over the balance of the year, inventories were appropriately managed down to current demand levels and we carefully managed receivables in a tough global credit environment. We also took steps early in the year to constrain capital spending and ended fiscal year ’09 with capital expenditures of $98 million, 35% below last year. Just a couple comments on our balance sheet. It remains an important strength for us. Our liquidity position remains very healthy. At year end cash and equivalents totaled $644 million. That’s up from $582 million last year. We had no short term debt outstanding at year end and we have no maturities on long term debt until 2017. Debt to capital at the end of Q4 was 41%, up from Q3 due to the year end adjustment to equity related to the pension valuation. But net debt to capital remained at 17%, equal to last quarter. Now on Chart 8, we’ll move on to fiscal ’10 and I’ll start with some anticipated headwinds and tailwinds. The most important sales headwind is related to the timing and magnitude of the sales declines that we experienced in fiscal ’09. The steepest declines occurred from the latter part of Q1 into Q2. Consequently, we will face difficult year-over-year comparisons in the first half of fiscal ’10, particularly in Q1. In our solutions businesses, order levels remained below sales over the latter half of fiscal ’09 and backlog continued to drop. We ended fiscal year ’09 with solutions business backlog down about 11% year-over-year. Consequently, we expect to see lower solution sales in the first half of fiscal ’10 compared to Q4 and year-over-year until order rates pick up and backlog is rebuilt. Regarding sales tailwinds, based on some recent encouraging signs and economic indicators and projections of economic activity for next year from a number of sources, and also based on input from our sales organization and customers, we do expect improved market conditions and related year-over-year sales growth in the second half. We should begin to benefit in fiscal ’10 from the end of de-stocking in our channel. We believe that bottomed in Q4 of fiscal ’09.  Based on recent currency rates and an expectation that rates will stay at recent levels on average for fiscal ’10, we expect translation to create some positive impact. For earnings we anticipate three [inaudible] headwinds. The first headwind is lower full year sales in fiscal ’10. Although we expect improved market conditions and year-over-year growth in the second half, because of the difficult first half comparisons for the full year excluding currency, we expect a year-over-year sales decline across our sales guidance range. Pension expense will be a headwind in fiscal ’10. We have a lower discount rate and declines this past year in asset values. Pension expense in fiscal ’10 will be about $40 million higher than in fiscal ’09. Also in fiscal ’09, some of our cost savings came from what we have described as temporary actions. Those included no merit increase, lower incentive compensation payments, mandatory time off or pay cuts, and the suspension of the 401(k) match. There will be a natural re-set of incentive compensation in fiscal ’10 and given the expectation of some year-over-year growth in the second half, we expect to restore some of the other compensation related items as the year progresses.  There are also some expected tailwinds for earnings. The cost actions taken throughout fiscal ’09 will create tailwind for us in ’10, including the $80 million of savings I mentioned earlier, and adding in carry over savings from ’09, we expect a full year fiscal ’10 impact of about $120 million. These incremental savings do not include volume related savings or temporary actions. We also expect significantly lower restructuring charges next year. There was a total of $60 million of restructuring charges incurred in fiscal ’09. We expect a broader product, a better product versus solutions mix in ’10 and of course some earnings benefit from currency, assuming that we see the top line currency contribution. So now moving to Chart 9, our 2010 guidance. I’ll start with sales. We’re expecting sales next year of approximately $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion. In percentage terms, that range represents a decline of 6% to an increase of 2%. We expect currency to add about 3 points to the top line year-over-year in ’10. So excluding currency, the range would be a full year decline in sales of between 9% and 2%. We expect fiscal ’10 to be a tale of two halves. In the first half we expect sales to be down year-over-year as a consequence of the difficult comparisons I referred to earlier and the level of our solutions business backlog at the end of September. In the second half we expect to see improving market conditions with year-over-year growth but we don’t expect a sharp upturn so not enough second half growth to get sales for the full year ’10 above fiscal year ’09 sales. We expect segment operating margins for the full year to be in the range of 9% to 11%. We expect diluted EPS in the range of $1.25 to $1.75. At the midpoint of the EPS range despite lower full year sales, headwinds from pension expense and the restoration of some of our temporary cost actions, EPS is about equal to fiscal year ’09 and that’s primarily due to savings associated with the restructuring actions taken in ’09 and lower restructuring charges in fiscal ’10. Our longer term objective is to average above 100% conversion on free cash flow through the cycle and we expect to be above 100% in fiscal ’10.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Rondi to begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle : Operator, we’re ready to open the line for questions. 
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan : So Ted, you said earlier in the call an $80 million number on restructuring. So is that just basically the $120 million incremental restructuring benefit you’re going to get minus kind of the $40 million in partial restoration? Is that the right number or is there something different going on?
Theodore D. Crandall: Think of the $120 million as two pieces. $40 million of the $120 million is carryover from saving that started in fiscal ’09 and are not related to [inaudible] or temporary actions. The other $80 million of savings is restructuring actions taken in ’09 for which there was no savings in ’09, so it’s $80 million against that $50 million to $100 million of incremental savings we talked about in ’10.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan : How quickly would you expect the restoration of temporary cost actions to come through?
Theodore D. Crandall: There will be some natural reset of incentive compensation as we progress into ’10 and you’ll see that basically comes in about equally over the course of the year. On some of the other compensation related actions, we would not expect to begin restoring until sometime later in fiscal ’10, probably closer to mid year when we start to hopefully see some pick up in sales levels.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan : So if you’re down kind of at the high end of your range, I know you start out kind of a $50 million number for temporary stuff that may have to come back in, is there a [gating] factor around whether you’re down 2 or down 9 or if you’re at the midpoint of the range, is that $50 million all coming back or how do we think about that?
Theodore D. Crandall: Think about it this way. At the midpoint of the range there’s about a $30 million headwind in fiscal ’10 as a consequence of restoration of temporary actions.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan : Just lastly, when we look at the seasonality from 4Q to 1Q and the good times you continue to grow from 4Q to 1Q, in the last few years you’ve been down anywhere from I guess 25% last year to down 3% from 4Q to 1Q ’08. Given that this is neither ’08 or ’07, how do we think about kind of the inherent seasonality of the business now in this kind of more depressed level?
Keith Nosbusch : I think a couple of things. One, obviously we’re not providing quarterly guidance but the way to think about this year and how we’re thinking about it goes back to a little bit about Ted’s comments, but it’s based upon we saw some sequential gain in the quarter with our product businesses. We would expect that to hold in the first quarter and what would be a detraction would be the solutions business that will be down on a sequential basis, so the net will probably be slightly down on a sequential look at the business and then obviously the year-over-year will be significant decline because of just the timing of the declines in our last fiscal year and it was only a 5% decline in Q1 last year. So sequential slightly down Q1.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan : Then one last quick question. When you think about the way the companies have spent their capital this year, obviously Cap Ex budgets are down but in the first half people pretty much froze their spending. We’re hearing some of the packaging companies talk a lot about a significant budget flush in the fourth quarter. Maybe you don’t want to use that strong of a term but is there anything with regard to the seasonality this year that makes you feel a little bit better about the flow of business and the products businesses in the fourth quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: In the fourth quarter, you mean our –
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan : Calendar fourth quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: No, we just believe that the continuation of what happened in our fourth quarter is the return of some spending in particular in our products businesses around the growth in industrial production that we’ve been seeing starting in the late summer time frame, so I don’t think we’re going to see a spending spree in the quarter that runs up to the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch - Merrill Lynch. 
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Firstly, as a point of clarification, the EPS guidance, Ted and Keith, does or does not include further restructuring costs?
Keith Nosbusch : You know restructuring costs in ’09 was about $60 million. We have built in some modest restructuring costs for ’10, ballpark $10 million. And it is in the guidance. 
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: I’m just sort of looking at the puts and takes here. You’ve got about $0.20 to $0.25 of pension headwind. It looks like the restoration of some temporary actions, would I would call fixed labor issues are about $0.16. If you annualize the fourth quarter, ex restructuring of $0.37, that gets you to the midpoint. You look at this sort of $0.35 to $0.40 of headwinds but then you’ve got currency, you’ve got what appears to be a substantial contribution, over $0.65 from restructuring cost savings based on the $120 million. How are you getting $150 million kind of as a midpoint? Am I missing something or is there some obvious large 
Keith Nosbusch : Actually I think you just walked through a pretty good bridge and the only thing you did not talk about is the relatively significant ex currency volume decline year-over-year at the midpoint.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: That’s fair. Now is it also fair to say that… you sort of talked about the restoration of some variable contribution. As you restore some of this contribution later with volume, that will still create for a positive EPS contribution, correct? Because if you’re matching associated volume improvement. Is that not the way to think about it?
Keith Nosbusch : I think that’s fair although I mean, we just walked through it, we kind of broke those pieces up, right? We talked about the loss from volume and then there was an offset in part as a consequence of the restoration of the temporary actions. 
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s fair. What are you seeing in your MRO business and does that provide any kind of a prospective clue as to what may be going on maybe in some of your more shorter cycle businesses?
Keith Nosbusch : I think the fact that we have seen sequential growth in our product businesses tell us and just the macroeconomic indicators of improving industrial production tells us that we are seeing stronger MRO I would say operating business and I think also the other thing that you see is that the amount of de-stocking dropped again in Q4 and we believe it’s over now and so that provided a little bit of benefit as well and basically what we’re seeing is manufacturing is running slightly stronger than what it was in our second and third quarters and certainly the pick up in our product businesses is I believe an indication that we’re starting to see some spending in MRO plus people are understanding the cash situation that they’re in, the credit markets, while not great, have certainly stabilized and people understand what they can and can’t do with respect to providing the grease to run their operations, so I think all of that is what we saw starting to play out as we went through our fourth quarter.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Is there any way to size what you think the de-stock had in terms of the earnings per share impact or just earnings impact in fiscal ’09?
Theodore D. Crandall: I’ll be honest, I haven’t thought about it in terms of an EPS impact. We think for the full year fiscal ’09 we took about a 2.5 point top line hit as a consequence of de-stocking.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Couldn’t you just multiply that --
Theodore D. Crandall: I could, I just haven’t got it in my head.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: But in theory that provides a tailwind as well from the absence of de-stocking, right?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think that’s fair and then most of that was over, we think we had about a 1% impact in Q4 so as we enter the year off a Q4 run rate, that 1% is not a big number in terms of what we were hoping we will start to see as real economic improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: I just want to clarify the margin question first. You said first quarter sequentially down from 4Q but is that just 1Q or is that the first half of the year?
Keith Nosbusch : Let me characterize the first half I guess if that will help you. Basically in the first half what we would expect to see is sales run rates in our product business about equal to Q4 and we would expect solutions to be down in the first half compared to Q4. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: The net would be in the first half slightly lower on a run rate basis in 4Q?
Keith Nosbusch : Yes.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: Then just looking at the [second half] margin guidance of 9% to 11%, and if I reference that to the 10.5% you did in 4Q, I just want to understand given some of the cost savings running through here and the beneficial mix impact of products and solutions, what would drive down the separate margin towards the lower end of that guidance?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think at the lower end of that guidance it’s basically sales levels, right, and as John has asked about the bridge and he was doing it in EPS, you’re asking basically the same question as it relates to operating margin. I mean, even at midpoint we’re going to face a year-over-year ex currency volume decline and at the low end of the range, it’s a reasonably significant ex currency volume decline.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: On a full year basis I agree but from 4Q run rates, it looks like full year’s going to be maybe flat volume wise this 4Q. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Even against a 4Q run rate, the low end of the sales guidance range is substantially lower than the 4Q run rate.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, that’s fair. Then finally if you could maybe just make some comments on how the process business performed this quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall: Process performed better than the company average for the quarter and actually is another one of the indicators as to why we believe our diversification strategy is working. Certainly the acceptance of planned PAX as a process automation system continues to gain traction in our served markets and that in conjunction with ICS Triflex puts together a very powerful bundled package for both the control and the safety systems for Rockwell Automation and certainly is one of the reasons we continue to be very optimistic in our ability to grow share in process and on a year-over-year basis, we were down 8% in process which is substantially better than the company in general so once again an indicator of the success of the diversification strategy. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: So that means that 4Q is probably what, high teens?
Keith Nosbusch : Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Kind of a housekeeping question to start. The tax rate for 2010 ballpark?
Theodore D. Crandall: We’re expecting something between 21% and 25%.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Given that the trends you’re seeing more MRO pickup here which may be the beginning of things getting better, what gets you to, considering you’ve got about $0.45 or so of restructuring benefits in 2010 offset by some of the other things like pension, what has to happen for $1.25 to show up? How did you get to that other side of the range?
Theodore D. Crandall: I think that is basically a flat run rate from Q4 and certainly as many of you have always told us, our visibility is limited so if we do not see that pick up in the second half of our year, that would be what we bracketed for the bottom of our guidance range is basically Q4 flatlined for the entire year.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: And if you look at the last month of durables, it seems like if you break down the different categories that they provide and the different end markets, it seems like you’re getting a positive month, a negative month, a positive month, but what you’re starting to see, as it looks like the demand, If you dig into the numbers, it looks like it’s more immediate demand? Is that consistent? As the customer sees demand he does something about it but he doesn’t appear necessarily to be thinking longer term. Is that consistent with what you’re seeing from your customers?
Keith Nosbusch : It’s mixed. I would say not in general are we seeing only short term immediate needs. Certainly if you look into more mature markets, that would be a very true statement. It’s much more short term oriented and what can I do given that I backed off so strong in the first half of the year or the first two-thirds of the year. I have to do some minimal work at this point in time and I think that’s what we’re seeing at this point. If you move to some of the emerging markets, certainly there we are seeing some interest in our activity in longer term projects and in particular in some of the commodities businesses. We’re seeing more engineering work going on at the present time. It’s not translated to orders yet but we are seeing some activity and what I would call more longer term investments based upon the belief that those commodity and resource prices will stay reasonably well behaved at the current levels, so I think that it’s a mixture at this point.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: I remember toward the end of, just before things started to tail down, you saw nice growth in the emerging markets. I think you guys are talking about the fact that there’s not a third party integrator network like there is in the mature markets like North America so you guys are doing more of the work out of CP&S. Have those customers yet or is it still too early for them to transition to A&S? Is that business still coming out of the CP&S segment? 
Keith Nosbusch : It’s mainly still from CP&S mainly because it’s infrastructure and resource based industries which has a higher content of CP&S product and then to your point, the emerging markets will have a mix simply because we provide more solutions there for just the reasons you mentioned, that you would expect that to continue, whether it be our growth in our process base or just the fact that there’s a limited SI channel capability for companies to do that via third parties.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Douglass - Longbow Research. 
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Can you talk about what kind of sales and volumes would be necessary for the two segments to kind of return to maybe closer to the peak margins that they saw? Considering the restructuring charges you’ve incurred, what would it take to get A&S to say the mid 20s and controlled products say to the mid teens? Do you have any feel for that at this point?
Theodore D. Crandall: That’s a difficult question to answer and one I’m very reluctant to answer as we are just starting to come out of the worst recession I’ve ever experienced. If you look back on ’09 we lost basically $1 billion of sales ex currency. So I guess an easy answer would be something in that ballpark, maybe a little bit less because of things we’ve done to hopefully improve leverage as we move up.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Can you talk about logics, how it’s doing at this point, is the mix still been more towards growing share from micro and compact logics, and is that kind of negatively impacting the margins at this point? What do you see for logics in 2010?
Keith Nosbusch : Logics for 2010 we would expect to continue to grow. The logics was down this year but certainly performed better than the company in total and logics performed better than A&S in total, and in Q4 logics was up sequentially. So we're beginning to see the pickup in that portion of our business and, yes, compact logics is the fastest growing segment of the logics family. If we talk about going into 2010 we would expect logics growth in the high single digits and certainly we would expect to see continued deterioration of our legacy business. And we think it will get back to the more normal declines of roughly 8% to 10% on a year-over-year basis. So that's in general how we have baked the plans for that into our guidance for the year.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: And then just related to that, so with compact the fastest growing, does that also play into your focus on OEM sales?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, a great comment. Certainly the reason we're pushing harder and harder into OEM is because we have continued to improve the scalability of the logics platform over the last couple of years and now we can address a growing portion of the OEM machine builders' portfolio. And certainly we believe the highest growth in our OEM segment will come with the compact logic's platform in addition to certainly our motion and visualization packages as well, in addition to safety. We think safety will be a big part of OEM total package and our total capabilities as well. So we've had a lot of good interaction with OEMs the last six months given that their business is down. This is a good opportunity for them to look at new machine designs or cost reduce existing designs. And our technical collaboration resources, design resources have been very heavily utilized in helping these OEMs work on the next generation machines and certainly as demand picks up we're viewing that as one of the areas that we would expect to see improvement on a year-over-year basis once their order books start getting filled up again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jeffrey Sprague - Citi.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: Just a couple things to clean up from my end, pension contribution, Ted, in cash in 2010, anything on the boards?
Theodore D. Crandall: I would expect it to be similar to our contribution in '09 which was roughly $30 million, $30 million to $40 million.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: Okay, and your tax rate is going to vary based on your income level. That's a pretty wide range.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say principally based on income levels.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: Okay. Keith, just given how much things have moved around in the last year with this down draft, can you roughly reorient us on your vertical market end exposures, even if it's by kind of big buckets, consumer auto, resources, etc.?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. With our markets today we're probably around 35% consumer. We're around 10% auto and transportation, which would be auto and tire, which means auto is less than 10% to date, probably 5% to 7%, 5% to 8%. We have about 5% that would be in the other category which is marine, water, waste water types of applications. But then we also have the process industry which now probably has grown to about 50% of our revenue. And out of that the biggest one would be oil and gas given our recent acquisitions plus the strength of that vertical. That has been a positive market for us over the last couple of quarters. So that's how I would break it down for you, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: So then in process you're including kind of the mining and materials business?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, in the process, the heavy industries, we would include oil and gas. We would include mining. We would include metals. We would include chemical. We would include pulp and paper and utility power generation. So water, waste water would also be in there.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: And the Pharma business is in there too or that's up in consumer?
Keith Nosbusch: No, Pharma business, life sciences businesses would be in our consumer products area. It would be part of that 35%.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: Okay, and, Keith, to your point about kind of the short visibility, you addressed it a little bit in some of the earlier questions but just using the compass that you have, how should we expect kind of business trends just to kind of evolve across your portfolio? I mean, as you're looking for the path out of this thing, what are the sorts of milestones, consumer behavior, end market orders, what have you, that you're looking for for validation that we're coming out?
Keith Nosbusch :  Well, I think a couple of things, Jeff. One, it would be the continuation and growth in our product businesses and that would be an indication that manufacturing is picking up for two reasons. One, that should be an indication that MRO is happening as well as smaller projects that people are running mainly to drive productivity, improve their cost competitiveness or smaller projects just replacing an aging system or an aging line. So that's why we believe product flow would be the first indicator. As it evolves further down, we would expect to see a pickup in our solutions businesses. And a precursor to that will be an order pickup with the front end of that would be quotation activity and in that quotation activity, converting into orders and then the orders be a little longer. And we would expect that consumer industries would be first here in those areas. And obviously the key there will be consumer spending and consumer confidence. And so we need to see that continued steady increase there in the current levels and that will tell these industries to continue to invest and certainly that would be what we believe will be the first and the most powerful engine to come out will be an increase in consumer spending. So that's how I would characterize it, Jeff. And then obviously the differentiation from all of that is in emerging markets it's still going to be just the investment to continue to support their growth. And if they're an exporting country then it comes back to the earlier things I mentioned because most of those exports go to the mature economies. But we would expect to see some growth simply because of the high GDP growth in some of the key Asian and Latin American emerging markets.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citi: Great, and just one brief follow-up on that. So as it relates to that list of things, really we're just seeing perhaps the very beginning, the modest growth in product business and MRO. What percent of your business is MRO now do you believe? I know it's going to wax and wane as the cycle goes up and down.
Keith Nosbusch : Well, it's probably around a quarter to our business, maybe up to a third. But it does move around quite a bit and we don't have an ability to track it real succinctly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley:  I just want to talk a little bit about China. I mean, we've seen some pretty big government numbers so it's hard to know exactly what they are, but numbers coming out of the region and then auto sales today were very, very high, up 60% or so, your business down 10%. I mean, you can talk a little bit about is there increase in competition and some market share shifts that are going on there, the businesses that you're selling into, growing maybe a little less robustly or is CapEx really trailing the recovery.
Keith Nosbusch : Well, certainly with respect to China we had negative organic growth in Q4, but sequentially we grew 11%. And China had very, very tough comparables for the quarter. And in total for the year we were down only 5% in China and we have a lot of solutions business there so some of that is lumpy. But we have seen the investments in infrastructure paying off in the second half of the year. That's one of the reasons why we had the sequential growth. And we've also grown, and to your point, automotive has continued to be strong for us in China. And looking forward we expect China for us next year to grow in the low teens and certainly we continue to do well in a lot of the infrastructure investments but also with OEMs and the expansion in some of their more consumer facing industries that they're trying to drive more local consumption on. So we view China as a continued great opportunity for us and certainly do not feel that we are losing any share in China.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, can we talk a little bit about - and I know you alluded to this in some past questions - but pricing on your longer-term contracts. I mean, when you think about some of the big bids that have been out there we've heard of price weakness anywhere between kind of 5%, 30%, even some a little bit higher. I mean, I know there's not a lot of contracts have been out there and big, big projects, but can you talk to the pricing that you're seeing and maybe compare that to last cycle and give us a sense of kind of what's normal, what's not normal?
Keith Nosbusch : Well, as we've been saying all year, we ended fiscal year '09 with pricing about a neutral. And there was a recent Morgan Stanley control engineering survey that concluded what we've been saying and that is I think there was a quote in there that there was really no evidence of a price war in automation equipment. So that's the environment that we see. Now, obviously, there are certainly projects that depending upon some of the background or the way some companies view that project is it can be a very competitive situation and certainly that's one of the reasons we need to make sure that our cost structure is aligned so that, if necessary, we can be very competitive. But we haven't seen much of a change compared to previous cycles and we don't expect that to become a headwind for us in next year.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then the last question, can you talk about what kind of - you're always looking for [bullying] acquisitions but what kind of assets - do you feel like you have product apps or geographic apps? Can you kind of help us understand what kind of assets would you be looking at? Obviously you can't name names but most of the stuff is much smaller, private companies. It's not much of a conflict for us.
Keith Nosbusch :  Yes, we're looking for areas that continue to fill those gaps, could be a small core chunk of technology. It could be something allows us to grow our share in a non-US market. And it's also areas that allow us to expand our domain expertise, so our solutions and services areas and then specific vertical applications in information software would be a potential area as well. So they tend to continue to be small bolt-on types that really at the end of the day just let us do more for the customer and allows us to leverage the other pieces of our total portfolio. 
Rondi Rohr-Dralle :  Okay, I think we have run out of time, so time to wrap up the call. I want to thank you all for joining us. And, of course, for those of you who have questions, we do look forward to seeing many of you at Automation Fair later this week. And for those of you who can't come out to Anaheim please join us for the Web cast on Thursday morning, so, Operator, back to you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Nosbusch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ted Crandall - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Steve Tusa - JPMorgan John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Market Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank North America Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research John Inch - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird
Operator:  Welcome to Rockwell Automation’s quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Lacey. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings release conference call. Before we get started, I need to let you know that we had a little snafu with our first press release this morning. It was really in the supplemental information portion of that press release. So we needed to issue a correction. None of the numbers or the notes changed or anything, but please refer to the updated release, which is now posted on our website at www.rockwellautomation.com, along with the charts that we will be reviewing this morning. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all of the charts that we reference during the call are available at that website. The webcast will be available for replay and the materials from this call will be accessible for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith, followed by Ted’s review of the quarter and discussion of 2009 guidance. There will of course be time at the end of the call to take your questions, and we’ll try to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. We expect the call today to take about 45 minutes. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that, I’ll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch:  Thanks, Rondi, and good morning to everyone who’ve joined us on today’s call. Before Ted reviews the charts, let me start with a few comments on our results this quarter, and our expectations for the balance of the fiscal year. The revenue and earnings results for the third quarter played out pretty much as we expected. The year-over-year organic revenue decline of 27% in the quarter was significant, and reflects that we are still in the midst of a serious global recession. We did see a higher than expected revenue decline in our solutions business, but flat sequential revenue in our products business is one sign of market stabilization. Segment operating margins were down dramatically versus 2008, but conversion margin improved to 37%, primarily due to favorable mix and great execution on our cost savings initiatives. Ted will provide more detail on the cost reductions in his remarks, but we are on track to meet or exceed the 2009 target of $280 million, and we made more progress on identifying actions that will incrementally benefit 2010 and beyond. We delivered another great cash flow quarter, with free cash flow of $168.5 million, primarily by reigning in capital expenditures and tightly controlling working capital, particularly inventory. I want to recognize all of our employees for staying focused on our business priorities in this difficult environment. They have executed well and have not wavered in their dedication to our customers. Now, let me shift gears and discuss our outlook for the balance of 2009. There is still uncertainty in the global economy and macroeconomic indicators are mixed. We are seeing signs of improvement in the industrial production rates in some countries, and improvement in PMI in most countries. However, these measures do not yet indicate market expansion. It appears that the economy may be approaching a bottom, but certainly the market environment is still weak and we have not yet seen evidence of an upturn. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be up somewhat sequentially, reflecting the seasonality of our solutions business. For the full fiscal year, we expect revenue, excluding currency to decline closer to 18%, the low end of our revenue guidance. Based on this revenue outlook and our anticipated cost savings, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2009 projected earnings per share range of $1.40 to $1.70, excluding the impact of additional restructuring costs in the fourth quarter of this year. Let me wrap up with a few comments. I remain very confident in Rockwell Automation’s future. Industrial companies need our technologies and our domain expertise to continually improve their productivity and remain globally competitive. We continue to expand our sustainable manufacturing portfolio of products and solutions to meet our customers’ safety, environmental and energy efficiency needs. We continue to gain recognition in process automation. Our revenue diversification strategy is working. We have great employees and partners, who remain dedicated to our business objectives and we have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position to weather this down cycle without compromising our long-term strategy.  So in spite of the difficult business environment, we are successfully balancing near-term financial performance with continuing to invest in our core technologies. We have executed well in this downturn and are well positioned for when the economy does recover. Now, over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning. As Rondi noted, we’ve posted charts to our website and my comments will reference those charts. So I’ll start on chart one, the Q3 results summary. Starting at the top of the slide, revenue in the quarter was $1.011 billion, that’s down 31% from Q3 last year. The effects of currency translation contributed five points to the decline and acquisitions increased sales by a little less than one point. Segment operating earnings were 86 million, down from $258 million in Q3 last year. Segment earnings this quarter included approximately 7 million of restructuring charges related to our ongoing cost reduction efforts. Purchase accounting expense and interest expense were both favorable to last year and General Corporate net expense was almost $6 million below the same quarter last year, primarily due to cost reductions, currency effects, and the resolution of certain legal matters this quarter and Q3 last year. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 34.7% that compares to the 28.5% in Q3 last year. The rate this quarter was higher than expected due to tax on a dividend related to the planned disposal of a non-US subsidiary. This was related to restructuring actions in the quarter. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 22.9%. The comparable effective rate for the first nine months of last year was 28.5%. Fully diluted EPS was $0.23, all from continuing operations. The restructuring charges and the tax related to the intercompany dividend, each reduced EPS in the quarter by about $0.03. Average diluted shares outstanding were 142.4 million in the quarter, down from 148.1 million shares last year. There were no shares repurchased in Q3 this year. I’ll move now to chart two, Q3 results Rockwell Automation. As I mentioned on the prior chart, sales for Q3 declined 31% year-over-year with currency accounting for five points of the decline. Sequentially, sales declined by 4% with our solutions businesses down about 11 and product businesses in aggregate approximately flat to Q2. On the right-hand side of this chart, you can see that segment earnings declined significantly year-over-year, but were flat sequentially, despite sales being lower by almost $50 million. Segment operating margin contracted by nine points year-over-year to 8.5%. The year-over-year decline in segment earnings and operating margin is primarily due to the significant decline in revenue offset in part by our cost reduction programs. Compared to Q3 last year, conversion margin was approximately 37%, our best results so far this year. Sequentially, operating margin increased by almost 0.5 point, despite lower sales. The improved conversion margin and the sequential operating margin improvement reflect several factors, including the impact of our cost reduction initiatives. We’re on track to achieve or somewhat exceed our fiscal ‘09 targeted cost reduction. We experienced somewhat better product versus solutions business mix in Q3. Gross margin was somewhat better than expected, particularly in our solutions businesses, and generally spending was somewhat lower than expected this quarter. Regarding the favorable gross margin and lower spending in Q3, we believe a portion of that related to timing issues and would expect some correction in Q4. As I mentioned, segment earnings in Q3 included approximately 7 million of restructuring charges. Including the actions taken in Q2, we have now banked about $25 million of the cost savings for fiscal ‘10 against the potential 50 to 100 million we talked about at the end of Q1. We will continue to assess market conditions and expectations as we proceed through Q4 and the term and the need for further cost actions. Although not displayed on this chart, our return on invested capital was 14.8%, down from 24.5% last year, the decrease primarily due to reduced earnings. Turning to chart three, this chart covers the Q3 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Sales for Q3 were down 36% year-over-year, down 31% excluding the effects of currency translation. Sequentially sales increased about 2%. Operating margin was 10.8%, down 13.9 points compared to Q3 last year, but up 2.4 points sequentially. The year-over-year decline is principally due to the very sharp organic sales decline in this high margin business, partially offset by cost reductions. Chart four covers Control Products & Solutions. In this segment, sales decreased by 28% compared to Q3 last year, 23% excluding currency effects. Excluding currency effects, sales for the solutions businesses within Control Products & Solutions declined by 17% compared to Q3 last year, with the product portion of the segment down at about the same rate as Architecture & Software.  Sequentially, the solutions businesses declined by 11% compared to a 2% decline in the product portion of this segment. Earnings were down significantly from Q3 last year and down sequentially. Segment operating margin contracted year-over-year by 5.2 points to 7%., the decline due to a combination of volume and currency again partially offset by cost reductions. Moving to the next chart; chart five provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in Q3. I’ll focus my comments on the far right column, which shows the regional growth rates, excluding currency effects. The mature economies led the year-over-year declines. The US was down 29%, with EMEA down 26%. Canada was down 35% with continued weakness in all industrial sectors, and particularly in the eastern part of the country. Asia-Pacific sales were down 16% year-over-year, but up modestly sequentially. Exporting countries remain particularly weak. China sales were down about 12% compared to last year. However, we did see sequential revenue growth in China of about 6%, with particular strength in our product businesses and it appears that the stimulus in China is having some near-term impact. Latin America sales were down this quarter by 25%, somewhat higher than we expected. That’s our first quarter of year-over-year decline in this down cycle. However, we think the Q3 year-over-year decline may be somewhat exaggerated by the timing of the Easter holiday and normal variability of our solutions businesses. I’ll move to chart six, free cash flow. Q3 was our very strong cash generation quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was a $168 million, that’s a conversion in the quarter of over 500%. Our conversion year-to-date is about a 180%. We have continued to carefully manage both working capital and capital expenditures.  Working capital reductions contributed $95 million to free cash flow in Q3, with continued significant inventory reduction. Capital expenditures were $22 million in the quarter and $68 million year-to-date. Last year through Q3, capital spending was a $103 million. We are now expecting cash flow conversion for the full year to be about a 140%. Now before I move on to address guidance, just a couple of comments on our balance sheet. We continue to believe our balance sheet remains an important strength for the company. Debt-to-capital at the end of Q3 was 36% and net debt-to-capital was 17%. Also at the end of Q3, we had cash and equivalents of $580 million and we have paid down all of our short-term debt. Our first maturities of long-term debt are in 2017. We continue to tightly manage cash and our balance sheet, consistent with the current market conditions. Now on chart seven, we are reaffirming our previous earnings guidance for the full year fiscal ‘09, that’s EPS in the range of $1.40 to $1.70. That does not include any restructuring charges that we might take in Q4. Based on Q3 and our expectations for Q4, we expect full year sales excluding currency effects to decline about 18%. That’s the low end of our sales guidance range. We stated last quarter that we expected currency to cause a further decline of about 7% for the full year. If rates remain in Q4 at about the average of Q3, that will be closer to 6%. We continue to expect segment operating margins for the full year to be in the range of 9% to 11%. We expect our full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 25%, that’s 1 point higher across the range than our previous guidance and primarily due to the intercompany dividend that occurred in Q3. With that, I’ll turn it over to Rondi for Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks Ted. Lacey, we’re ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Steve Tusa - JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I’m just curious as to why such a wide range around things, only one quarter left to go here. I mean, I understand the visibility challenges in your model, but given that you have a little bit more of a read on where sales are, the EPS range seems quite wide?
Ted Crandall: Given the rapidly changing business conditions, we needed to change our earnings guidance each of the past two quarters. Since we still expect a result in the range of the guidance of $1.40 to $1.70, we decided not to change the range again this quarter.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I guess with the little bit better sales, is there anything on the margin? I guess, you said there was some timing from a cost perspective, that’s going to come back in the fourth quarter. Then you have I guess the tax rate maybe a little bit lower in the fourth quarter. Could you just maybe walk through some of those dynamics to help us calibrate on a sequential basis?
Ted Crandall: Let me try it this way. I would say that given the Q3 results, and even though we believe we will now be at the low end of the sales range, we would view the low end of the earnings range as less likely than it would have been a quarter ago.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks and then one other question. Just on the software initiative with regards to FactoryTalk and the integration with Integrated Architecture, can you maybe just walk through what some of the mileposts are in your mind over the next couple of years, Keith, as to what we should be looking for other than just operating results to be able to gauge where you guys are in this process of proliferating this business?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, Steve. I think there are a couple of things. One will be the continued development of new applications in different vertical industries. So, as we continue to release pieces of the portfolio and expand the portfolio, particularly with respect to the Incuity and Pavilion and FactoryTalk segments, that’s the way that we need to continue to grow, is to continue to release more packaged software. I would also say the success will gauged by the ability to do multisite rollouts for customers. The ability to move beyond pilots, move beyond single site installation to where we are demonstrating the ability to evolve towards true enterprise rollouts, and the continued expansion geographically, as companies evolve and as we get a bigger footprint into the different regions of the world. Obviously, that’s all predicated upon additional customer proof points that demonstrate and quantify the value that the integration of the information with the plant floor, with the enterprise business systems and the supply chain will demonstrate to customers. So, I think those are a number of the milestones that we think are important to be able to generate the type of revenue and the opportunity that we believe today this has.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Keith, assuming a flat CapEx environment next year, which is far from a lock, certainly in our view, but assuming that things stabilize and these guys get a chance to kind of truly prioritize their investments over the next couple of years, would you assume, given that the pilots are under way that some of these pilots run their course over the next year and then you start to see more enterprise adoptions in fiscal year 2011? How do we think about the timing in your mind, assuming that CapEx does stabilize, and these guys get a little bit of chance to take a breather and reevaluate their budgets?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. I think it is a couple of years out, but really it boils down to the validation of the proof points, because in some cases, this can continue to evolve by a slower rate, even without a strong CapEx. They’ll just do fewer plants and they’ll put it into their most critical applications and cost reduction opportunities.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Great. So, we should see some of the news on the pilot stuff coming out in 2010. We should be kind of looking for that as proof points?
Keith Nosbusch: I do believe we should be seeing the success of the pilots being talked about. The acceleration of the implementation is something that will continue to be questionable until we do get a little more certainty in what’s going on with the economy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Market. 
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Market: Keith, you mentioned that, and it wasn’t that big of a deal as your free cash flow is obviously very strong and lower CapEx did help, but obviously that was not the main driver of that. However, just in terms of, if you’re reigning in CapEx, are you seeing a similar trend or a similar pattern with customers? Given where we are with IP or capacity utilization, are they behaving in a similar way as you?
Keith Nosbusch:  Absolutely. I would say we’re not anything different. You look at the fact that we’re dropping our CapEx. I would say we’re very similar to what we both hear from our customers, both factually and in particular with some of our global accounts and anecdotally.  So, I think 20%, 30% reduction in CapEx, I would say quite candidly, is the norm as opposed to the extreme. I think probably, the segment that is still spending is in more of the resource-based industry, simply because, those projects are longer cycle. I think we’ll see those slowing as we go into 2010 and oil and gas is probably one of the stronger and water and wastewater, although small, continues to spend a little.  We’re seeing obviously the stimulus effect in China, where infrastructure CapEx is probably continuing to be relatively high, but those are the exceptions, not the norm.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Market: Well, with respect to that then, as you think about your own business and maybe as a precursor to what your customers would do. Is there a specific indicator that you’re looking for to flatten or to show some percentage, some basis point improvement that gives you feeling that, it’s time to bring CapEx back up?
Keith Nosbusch: I think you have to look at our pieces of CapEx quite frankly. Where we will and must continue to spend is in new product introduction. So any ongoing project work that we have, particularly in our core technologies, we will keep the CapEx flowing to support launches and to support the development of that new technology and that’s just going to keep happening, period. Obviously, we’re not doing as many projects, but, the projects we’re doing; we will provide the CapEx for them. Where some of our more expanded spending has been occurring in the last couple of years have been in the globalization of our footprint and in our business systems. Those are areas obviously, with the reduction in revenue, the globalization of our footprint, it’s not as great of a need, but we’re pretty well through it anyway. Then in the business system, we have slowed some of the implementation of that, simply because we did need to conserve the cash and execute the project a little differently than we had started. So, those are the areas that we’ll be monitoring and tempering with the external environment to see at what rate we can or should increase those in the future.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Market: If you look at your customers, obviously you’ve had a fair amount of experience in this industry and you have good relations with your customers. What are you hearing? What are they looking for?
Keith Nosbusch: I think the reality is that that you see our customers continuing to talk about spending in some of the emerging markets, where they are trying to develop a foothold and create future opportunity. So we still see the need for the emerging markets to require investments. You see them pulling back probably the greatest in the developed countries simply because the volumes have dropped so greatly. They don’t need any capacity and what they are talking about, particularly in the consumer related industries are investments that they are looking at and potentially willing to make in the broader arena of sustainability and certainly the ability to deal with the carbon footprint, to deal with the reduction of CO2, the reduction of energy, improvements in their environmental and safety areas. Those would be the areas that probably have the greatest short and midterm opportunity, given that it’s certainly not capacity. Then what we’ll see coming back first will be the productivity investments that help them reduce costs or improve the quality and performance of their portfolio. I think that’s how we see it coming back.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank. 
Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank North America:  This is actually Nicole, asking questions on Nigel’s behalf. First of all, if you guys could talk a little bit about pricing, are you guys seeing increasing pricing pressure from your competitors?
Keith Nosbusch: I think given where we are in the cycle, there certainly is a tougher pricing environment and I would say we are seeing stronger pricing pressures from competitors, particularly in some of the larger project work and I think that’s natural, given the current environment that we’re in.  Obviously our strategy continues to be to create the value and the differentiation, whether it be in our product or in our domain expertise that allows us to create that value model for our customers and that’s something we continue to do even in a difficult pricing environment.
Ted Crandall:  We’ve been saying consistently, we expected pricing to be about neutral this year. That’s still our expectation.
Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank North America: Then, if you guys could comment on, what you’re seeing in the front log?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. In the front log, what we are seeing is a continued push-out of projects, which means the front log is growing a little, but it’s really because of the continued slowdown in the execution of the projects, not necessarily because there’s a lot of new opportunity. I would say where we’re seeing the best delta in with respect to front log is in Asia-Pacific, where we are seeing the impact of some of the stimulus spending that is now taking place.
Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank North America: Then one more, if I may. If you guys could talk about for the restructuring costs that you’ve taken year-to-date, how much of that would you estimate is temporary versus structural? Then, how does this quarter’s 7 million break-down between the two segments?
Ted Crandall: Let me try and answer the first part of your question by describing the total savings that we targeted for the year. You remember we originally started at the end of Q1 talking about 240 million of savings for the year. Last quarter, we had increased that to 280. We now believe that it will be closer to 300 for the full year. The largest part of the difference between 280 from last quarter and 300 this quarter is increased volume-related savings. Of the total 300 savings for the year, we expect about a 100 million of that to come from volume-related savings, about 50 to come from what we would call temporary actions or transitory costs that would include things like the mandatory time off program, the suspension of the 401(k) match and reduced incentive compensation payments this year. Then the balance of about a $150 million is what we would consider more structural and discretionary cost reductions. Of the $7 million in the quarter, I mean you can think of it as roughly split about equally between the segments.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: First of all, I just want to cover the normal commentary on some of your key growth initiatives, Logix process etcetera?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. With Logix, we have seen a lower revenue year-over-year, but better than the company average. So, we’re continuing to see performance better than Rockwell Automation in the Logix portfolio.  We also saw another quarter of significant decline in the legacy portfolio, and that was at a higher level than the company average. I will say Logix did have a sequential increase quarter-to-quarter. So, we believe that that’s a good sign of the future opportunities that are being created in the marketplace with Logix. With respect to process; process did decline in Q3, but once again slower than the company average. We believe the decline is all about market conditions. We’re still very happy with the progress we have made in this space. We continue to expand, and this was a good quarter for expansion of our product portfolio and services with the introduction of some new capabilities, and we continue to do well in legacy replacements and quite frankly in many greenfield applications. With respect to Plant PAX; our process automation system continues to gain traction in our served markets, and in conjunction with ICS Triplex safety systems, we have won several large projects, in particular in the oil and gas sectors, but also in consumer and packaged goods. So process continues to perform well and we continue to make inroads in that space. With our OEM business; I think it’s safe to say our OEM business is down, but consistent with the rest of the business, really across the board all of our OEM segments exhibited declines. The best performing have been the process and alternative energy that are basically flat year-over-year. We also are involved in many new machine designs. We have a very active engagement with our technical resources, working with customers on new machine designs, and certainly the slowdown is an opportunity to reengineer or design new machines. It certainly gives us the opportunity to increase machine share at this time. That will play out in the future as those machine designs ramp up in volume, but certainly the OEM initiative, while we’re very active, is not generating increased revenue at this point in time. So, that’s some comments on probably the three most important ones, Mark, and gives you a little perspective of what’s going on.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. Thank you. As a sort of unrelated follow-up, I had a question on a couple of areas that seemed like they could impact 2010 margin or profit potential from a structural standpoint outside of any volume changes.  On the one hand that’s a positive, it would seem that you announced shutdown of some major facilities in Georgia and Iowa, and it seemed like they’ll be out of the mix for much of 2010. So, I’m wondering how material that is in terms of margin improvement. Then on the other hand, we understand from the channel that you’re not implementing a price increase for fiscal 2010. Ted also just mentioned that, this year you expect pricing to be neutral and that would be net of the price increase from earlier this year. So, if you don’t have an increase going into 2010, if that underlying environmental pressure on price is still unfavorable, could we have negative price realization in 2010 offsetting some of your structural improvements?
Keith Nosbusch: Let me talk to the first question, and I’ll let Ted talk to the pricing one. With respect to the plant shutdowns, although they were announced, they will not be implemented until late 2010. So, it will have really no impact in 2010 with respect to margin improvements as we go through the shutdown phases. So not a lot of help in that regard in 2010. Those benefits will accrue mainly starting 2011.
Ted Crandall:  Hi, Mark. Just a follow-on to Keith’s comment on those facilities. While those facilities per se, we don’t think have a big impact in 2010, we do think we have some tailwind going into 2010 that’s a consequence of all the restructuring actions we have taken this year. I think I may have mentioned the last time in the actions taken to-date, we will exit about one million square feet of real estate, including those facilities. On the pricing front, we have not made a decision to not implement a fiscal 2010 price increase. Based on our assessment of current market conditions and the competitive environment, we have made a decision not to announce one this month. We will continue to monitor the market and announce a price increase when we believe it is appropriate. In terms of fiscal 2010 margins, there will be a number of headwinds and tailwinds as we go through 2010. We’re in the middle of our fiscal 2010 planning process right now, and as normal, we’ll provide our guidance in November.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle:  Operator, this is Rondi Rohr-Dralle. I think we’ll take two more callers.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch - Bank of America Securities-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
John Inch - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: I just want to go back to the guidance. The range imputed about $0.09 to $0.39, but your organic revenues based on the down 18% seem to be sort of in the low-20s, much better than the number we just put up. Do you expect earnings to be up sequentially or what would cause you to see earnings at the low end? I mean, it doesn’t really make a lot of sense to me.
Keith Nosbusch: John, I think in response to Steve’s question, we already said, given the results in Q3 and our expectations for volume in Q4, we would view the low end of the earnings range now as less likely than we would have considered it to be a quarter ago. Now that being said, the market environment remains uncertain. You know that our earnings are very leveraged to volume, and particularly our product business volume. That’s the part of our business where we’ve had a lot of discussion over the past year, where we have the least visibility to customer demand.
John Inch - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Has your view changed since you’ve seen July? I, mean what have you seen in July, you’ve got two months left? I just can’t envision a scenario where you could see your earnings below based on the run rate. Help me out, maybe you can.
Ted Crandall: No, I would say our view has not changed based on July. I would characterize July as consistent with what we were seeing in the third quarter. As Keith mentioned, we’re expecting actually a little bit of a sequential increase in sales in Q4, primarily as a consequence of seasonality in the solutions businesses.
Keith Nosbusch: To your point, John, what could happen? Our fourth quarter is probably the most backend loaded quarter that we have in the year. Obviously, July and August are big vacation months in the US and Europe, and so this quarter is traditionally all about September.  Given the limited visibility that we have in our product businesses, if September slows, we then could find ourselves in a different situation than we’re currently at given what happened at the end of our Q3 and the start of the Q4. So that really is the scenario that talks to the possibility of the low end, and is consistent with how our business plays out.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities:  That’s where I was going. That makes more sense. What happened with MRO versus the project business in the quarter? I’m thinking less to do with year-over-year and more sort of the trend, the sequential trend. What happened between those two buckets?
Merrill Lynch:  That’s where I was going. That makes more sense. What happened with MRO versus the project business in the quarter? I’m thinking less to do with year-over-year and more sort of the trend, the sequential trend. What happened between those two buckets?
Keith Nosbusch: To have a precise picture on that would probably be an overstatement, but this is certainly our perspective of what happened, and that is, as the quarter played out, you saw continued improvement in industrial production and PMI, and inventories were starting to get in line, which means plants had to run at stronger rates as the quarter unfolded, and therefore we believe compared to our Q2, MRO was stronger. We also believe that our solutions business was an indicator of a continued slowdown in projects. So, we would think, why we had a better product mix was because of MRO, and why we had a weaker solutions portfolio than we expected was because of projects. So, that’s a little qualitative as opposed to a precise quantitative response.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: No, that’s helpful. Thanks, Keith. I would also like to look at the restructuring again. I am just trying to make sure I understand this. The $100 million that’s volume dependent, that basically means what? It means if volume had not gone down, you would not have realized the $100 million of savings? Is that what you mean by that?
Merrill Lynch: No, that’s helpful. Thanks, Keith. I would also like to look at the restructuring again. I am just trying to make sure I understand this. The $100 million that’s volume dependent, that basically means what? It means if volume had not gone down, you would not have realized the $100 million of savings? Is that what you mean by that?
Keith Nosbusch: That’s exactly it.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: Okay. So, in theory, I guess where I’m going with this is, if you had not done any restructuring, no actions to drive the $300 million, does that imply that you would be losing money on a run rate basis? Is that how to think about this? It also kind of drives the issue of what’s ultimately variable versus fixed that can carry forward to 2010 that’s going to be independent of volume, maybe just to help us just sort of think about this a little more granularly.
Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, in theory, I guess where I’m going with this is, if you had not done any restructuring, no actions to drive the $300 million, does that imply that you would be losing money on a run rate basis? Is that how to think about this? It also kind of drives the issue of what’s ultimately variable versus fixed that can carry forward to 2010 that’s going to be independent of volume, maybe just to help us just sort of think about this a little more granularly.
Ted Crandall: Your characterization is at least close to correct, which is in the absence of any restructuring; earnings would be close to zero right now.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: Then what’s the carry-forward, Ted? I mean, independent of volume, what’s the carry-forward into 2010? How should we think about that?
Merrill Lynch: Then what’s the carry-forward, Ted? I mean, independent of volume, what’s the carry-forward into 2010? How should we think about that?
Ted Crandall: Of the total 300, think about us exiting Q4 with about a $100 million of that $300 million. I would say a little more than half of that is a combination of volume and the transitory or temporary actions, so the other half is structural and discretionary cost reduction.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: But there’s nothing incremental, right? Like, I mean that $100 million is already there. So, while it doesn’t simply just carry-forward, there’s nothing that adds on top of that. I guess that’s the 50 to 100 you’ve been talking about, is that correct?
Merrill Lynch: But there’s nothing incremental, right? Like, I mean that $100 million is already there. So, while it doesn’t simply just carry-forward, there’s nothing that adds on top of that. I guess that’s the 50 to 100 you’ve been talking about, is that correct?
Ted Crandall: Exactly. Of which, we’ve told you we’ve already banked $25 million of that for fiscal 2010.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: Okay. I think that makes sense. Just lastly, automotive, can you just remind us how large auto is, and as the production SAAR picks up in the calendar fourth quarter, would you guys expect to see some sort of coincident or perhaps, nearly lagging benefit from this? How should we be thinking about this?
Merrill Lynch: Okay. I think that makes sense. Just lastly, automotive, can you just remind us how large auto is, and as the production SAAR picks up in the calendar fourth quarter, would you guys expect to see some sort of coincident or perhaps, nearly lagging benefit from this? How should we be thinking about this?
Keith Nosbusch: I think with automotive; you should not expect an impact in quarter four simply because of run rate. Those plants have been pretty idled, and they have a lot of excess capacity, and there is some cannibalization going on where they have flexibility in their production lines. So, we’re not expecting pickup in automotive in Q4.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: You mean your Q4 Keith or calendar Q4?
Merrill Lynch: You mean your Q4 Keith or calendar Q4?
Keith Nosbusch:  Our Q4. I’m sorry. Our Q4, John. What we are seeing is the start of discussion in particular with Chrysler and GM, where they are talking about their new platforms and their new projects that probably will be instituted in fiscal year 2010.  So, we’re optimistic, cautiously optimistic that towards the end of our fiscal year 2010, we’ll see the program investments that they have been delaying as they have been working through bankruptcy. So, we believe the first benefit we’ll start seeing from where we’re currently running at in automotive will be in the later part of fiscal 2010.
John Inch - Bank of America Securities: What about for Ford adopting Logix, does that not benefit you sooner does that not benefit you sooner?
Merrill Lynch: What about for Ford adopting Logix, does that not benefit you sooner does that not benefit you sooner?
Keith Nosbusch: That’s an ongoing thing. Ford never really stopped. They were the one investor throughout this process and the automotive business that we have generated in this year, in particular our second and third quarter and our fourth will be mainly because of Ford expenditures and mainly because of the transition to the Logix architecture.  So, Ford continues to be investing. Obviously, it’s a smaller investment and a smaller number of platforms, but Ford has been the aggressive participant in their strategy execution over the last couple of quarters.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Lacey, we’ve got time for one last caller.
Operator: Your final question comes from Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird. 
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Just two questions, one on the solutions business. You talked a little about a slowdown. We saw that business slow down. Were there cancellations push-outs? How do you define that in terms of business either lost or canceled? Then also, just curious, is that transitional or do you think that we’re still working towards the bottom on the solutions piece?
Keith Nosbusch: We have not seen cancellation in our solutions business. We have seen project delays and push-outs, and I think that’s a fair characterization. We’re not sure if we’re at a bottom at this point in time.  Our decline was a little greater than we thought. We had talked about a continuing decline as we went through the second half of the year. We’re not sure if because it was a little greater in the third quarter, if we’re going to see some leveling out in the fourth quarter or not. I think that’s one of our open questions and one of the reasons, Q4 has a little bit of risk, back to John Inch’s question. So we are hunting for the bottom in solutions business and we’re not sure if we’re there yet. Obviously, one of the dimensions we will be looking at is, do any of those delays and push-outs result in cancellations, that’s something we watch very closely and we’ll be monitoring as we go forward.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Then, just as a follow-up. Keith, as you look out into your fiscal ‘10, we can see the PMI improving a bit, industrial production kind of sequentially improving. How do you handicap capacity utilization, especially on the manufacturing side? Given it’s at an extraordinary low level, how do you see the absorption of that excess capacity playing out in your business, in your prospects in the next 12 months?
Keith Nosbusch: We’re right in the middle of doing our 2010 plan at this point in time. So, we don’t really have a good picture of how we’re going to anticipate that dimension at this point in time and something we’ll be working over the next couple of months and come November we’ll have a better view simply, because we’ll have a little more run time. I mean, it’s going to be clear that capacity utilization will come back over time, but our whole strategy is not just dependent upon capital spending. We have other dimensions that we’re looking at. Productivity continues to be critical on a global basis. Cost reduction is critical on a global basis. Sustainability is creating more opportunities. I don’t want to say yes, that that’s going to replace something like a capacity equation, but I think it’s real and there’s more to it than there was previously. Then finally, we have the regulatory and compliance dimensions of our business. So it’s more complex than simply where are we at the capital spending cycle, I mean the capacity cycle, although obviously that’s a big one for pure capacity CapEx, but even that is different depending on what geography you’re in. Obviously, the mature economies, it has a very dramatic impact, but in the emerging economies, there still is greenfield investments that are going on and we would expect that to have a more positive effect. So I guess a long-winded answer to just say, there’s a lot of dimension and capacity utilization is one of them.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. With that, we’ll conclude today’s call. So thank you to everyone who joined us today.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference call. At this time, you may disconnect. Good day, everyone.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle – Vice President of Investor Relations Keith D. Nosbusch – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Theodore D. Crandall – Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts:  Robert Cornell – Barclays Capital Nicole Dibotto – Deutsche Bank Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research John Inch – Merrill Lynch Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird Mark Douglass – Longbow Research Jessica Mullin – FTN Equity Capital
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. I need to remind everyone that today’s conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the line for questions. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks Becky. Good morning and thank you to all of you for joining us on Rockwell Automation's second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all the charts that we referenced during the call are available at that website. The webcast will be available for replay and materials from this call will be accessible for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith followed by’s review of the quarter and discussion of 2009 guidance. There will of course be time at the end of the call to take your questions and we will try to get as many of you as possible. Please limit yourself to one or two questions. We expect the call today to take about one hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may different materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that I’ll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thank Rondi and good morning to everyone, who joined us on today’s call. Let me start by making a few comments on our results this quarter and spend more time talking about the balance of the year. On our first-quarter earnings call in early February, we said that 2009 would be a challenging year for Rockwell Automation. At the time, key economic indicators and projections were weakening, and we were seeing a significant decline in customer demand that started in November. As of results, we significantly lowered our revenue outlook for the year. We told you that that we expected a steep sequential decline in Q2, primarily in our product business revenues. Our result in the second quarter confirmed that we are on the right track. We are in the midst of a serious global recession and our revenues in Q2 declined even more than we expected; particularly in Architecture & Software but, generally in all of our product businesses. Overall sales declined 25% in the quarter compared to last year that included a 7% decline due to currency, so organic sales were down 18% year-over-year. Segment operating margins were down dramatically primarily due to steep decline in sales volume. These are difficult results in a very difficult market condition. However, I’m pleased with the progress we’ve made on our efforts to reduce costs. We expect to exceed our cost takeout target of $240 million for fiscal year ‘09. During the quarter, we implemented additional headcount reductions. We instituted unpaid time off to further reduce payroll costs and we suspended the 401(k) match for U.S. employees. In addition to other cost reduction actions. I also told you last quarter that we would work to identify an additional $50 to $100 million of cost reductions for fiscal year ‘10 beyond the $240 million target for fiscal year 2009. We have made progress on that as well. Ted will provide more details on both efforts in his remarks. I have just a couple of additional comments on the quarter. I’m pleased with the good progress on cash flow this quarter. Working capital improved and in particular in inventories has been appropriately managed down consistent with declining sales levels. We acquired two engineering firms in the second quarter that enhanced our global domain expertise and demonstrate our commitment to our long-term diversification strategy. Xi'An Hengsheng surged the power and heavy process industries in fast growing regions of Middle and Western China. Rutter Hinz based in Western Canada provides critical expertise in oil and gas and other industry applications and I want to recognize our employees for staying focused on our business priorities in this challenging environment. Despite making personal sacrifices, they have executed well and have not waivered in their dedication to our customers. Now let me shift gears and discuss our outlook for the balance of 2009. There is still a great deal of uncertainty. There are some signs that both macro indicators and customer activity is beginning to stabilize. We believe its too early to declare that the market has bottomed but we do believe that the steepest sequential declines are behind us. Our outlook for the second half of the year, calls for sales to be at or somewhat below Q2 run rate. This outlook is based on our normal quarterly review processes. Including our review with our sales organization, channel partners and customers in every region. We evaluated backlog and frontlog order trends and plant shut down. Our backlog is down sequentially 7% versus Q1 ’09. Overall frontlog is flat but we did see an increase in project delays and a modest increase in cancellations. None of our major global accounts have improved their outlook for capital spending in 2009, most of the key economic indicators including GDP, industrial production rates, capacity utilization and PMI, continue to be at historically low levels. But appear to have stabilized somewhat during Q2. Accordingly, we are now planning for an organic revenue decline between 16 and 18% in fiscal 2009. That compares to our previous guidance of an organic revenue decline of 12 to 17%. Our expectation for currency impact is unchanged. We expect currency to negatively impact full year revenue by 7%. Based on this revenue outlook, a less favorable revenues mix and the increased savings related to cost reduction actions, we are revising our fiscal 2009 projected earnings to a range of $1.40 to $1.70 per share, excluding the impact of additional restructuring costs in the second half of the year. Let me wrap up with a few comments. I remain very confident in Rockwell Automation’s future. We continue to invest in technology leadership, and particularly our new next generation of integrated architecture. We continue to penetrate process industries, one of the best success stories of our diversification strategy. We continue to grow our footprint in emerging markets. We are taking advantage of these difficult market conditions, at a time to make further inroads with OEM’s and we will benefit when their machine build volumes return. We are continuing to adjust our cost structure and we expect strong earnings leverage when we emerge from this downturn. We have great employees and partners, who have proven they can deliver results in good and poor market conditions. And one other thing before I turn it over to Ted. I continue to believe that our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the financial flexibility needed to manage through this economic cycle without compromising our long-term strategy. So in spite of the difficult business environment, we will balance near term financial performance with protecting our intellectual capital and core technology investments. I am confident in our ability to execute through the downturn we are well positioned to outperform the market in these challenging times and we will be even more competitive when markets do recover. Now let me turn it over to Ted.
Theodore Crandall: Thanks, Keith. And good morning to all on the call. As Rondi mentioned, we posted charts to our website and my comments will reference those charts. So on chart one, Q1 results summary, starting at the top of the slide, revenue in the quarter was $1.058 billion, down 25% from Q2 last year. The effects of currency translation contributed 7 points to the decline. Segment operating earnings were $86 million, down from $240 million in Q2 last year. Segment earnings in Q2 included approximately $20 million of restructuring charges associated with our ongoing cost reduction efforts. Approximately $15 million of the restructuring charges was related to cost reductions that contributed to our targeted fiscal year '09 cost take-out. We believe we will exceed our fiscal year '09 targeted $240 million and I'll tell you more about that when we get to full year guidance. The balance of the restructuring charge is about $5 million, was incurred to get us started on the next $50 million to $100 million of cost reduction that we talked about last quarter. We have initiated several actions, which are anticipated to save approximately $20 million per year beginning in fiscal year '10. We're making progress in our cost reduction efforts are ongoing. For this quarter, purchase accounting expense, general corporate net expense, and interest expense were each about $2 million lower than last year. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 26.7% that compares to 28.5% in Q2 last year. For the first six months of this year, the effective rate was 19.9%. The effective rate for the first six months of last year was 28.5%. EPS from continuing operations was $0.29 that included $0.02 of income from special items. Special items was $4 million of pretax income, related to the reversal of restructuring accruals established in prior years. Average diluted shares outstanding were 142.1 million in the quarter down from 148.7 million shares last year. Consistent with our comments last quarter regarding our plans for cash management, we repurchased no shares in Q2 this year. Moving to chart two, Q1 results for Rockwell Automation, as I mentioned on the prior chart sales for Q1 declined 25% year-over-year with currency accounting for 7 point of that decline. Sequentially, sales declined by 11%. On the right hand of this chart, you can see that segment earnings declined significantly, both year-over-year and sequentially. The earnings decline is primarily due to the significant decline in revenue. But segment earnings were also lower due to the $20 million of restructuring charges incurred in the quarter, and due to mix offset in part by cost reductions. As I’ll show you on the next slide product sales and particularly Architecture & Software sales continued to decline in Q2, at a more rapid rate than our lower margin solutions business. We believe the decline in product sales included a more pronounced effect of destocking in our channel in Q2 compared to Q1. Also, it’s worth noting that cost reductions in the quarter benefited from the adjustment of incentive compensation accruals. Segment operating margin contracted by 9 points year-over-year to 8.1%, although it’s not displayed on this chart, our return on invested capital was 18.7% down from 26% last year. That’s a 12 months rolling calculation and the decrease is primarily due to reduced earnings. Turning to chart three, this chart covers the Q2 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Sales for Q2 were down 34% year-over-year, down 28% excluding the effects of currency translation. Sequentially sales were down 22%. Operating margins declined to 8.4% compared to 23.4% in Q2 last year. The decline is principally due to the very sharp organic sales decline in this high margin business, partially offset by the net effect of restructuring charges and cost reduction. Chart four, covers Control Products & Solutions and this segment sales decreased 18% in total, 10% excluding currency effects, sales decreased 3% sequentially. On an organic basis, sales of the solutions businesses within Control Products & Solutions grew by about 1% compared to Q2 last year. With the product portion of this segment down consistent with the organic sales decline in Architecture & Software. Earnings were down significantly from Q2 last year and down somewhat sequentially. Segment operating margin contracted year-over-year by 4.4 points to 8%. The decline due to a combination of volume and mix, again partially offset by the net effect of restructuring charges and cost reductions. Moving to the next chart, chart number five provides a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. The center column displays the overall growth rates by region including currency impact. The far right column shows the regional growth rates excluding currency. And comparing the two, you can see the continuing significant impact currency is having on year-over-year comparisons. And the regions outside the U.S. I’ll focus my comments on the far right column which is basically organic growth. The U.S. was our weakest region in this quarter with sales down 24% compared to last year. Canadian sales were down 21% with continued weakness in the Eastern part of the country. EMEA sales were down 16% compared to Q2 last year and Asia-Pacific sales were down 9% year-over-year, with particular weakness in Japan, Korea, and Taiwan, which tend to be more export-dependent. Emerging Asia sales were about flat compared to last year with China up about 4% but offset by small declines in India and Southeast Asia. In North America, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, there was a similar vertical story. There was weakness across all vertical categories, but transportation was the worst performing vertical both auto and tire. And consumer was the best performing, but still a decline compared to the prior year. Latin America was the one region that delivered year-over-year sales growth at 12% for the quarter. Resource-based industries were the strongest but sales in the quarter also benefited from the timing of holidays compared to last year. In Latin America, we have seen order trends beginning to slow, so we do not expect to sustain year-on-year growth going forward. I'll move to chart six, free cash flow. We made very good progress this quarter on cash flow and conversion. Free cash flow for the quarter was $152 million, that's a conversion in the quarter of about 375%. Working capital reductions contributed $89 million toward that. We made very good progress on inventory in the quarter. We reversed the increases that occurred in Q1 and achieved a substantial additional reduction. Capital expenditures were $18 million in the quarter and $46 million year-to-date. Last year, through six months, capital spending was $60 million, so we're down almost 25%. We also received a refund of $32 million in the quarter related to a contractual tax matter. Before I move on to talk about guidance, just a couple comments on our balance sheet. The balance sheet remains an important strength as Keith mentioned. Debt-to-capital at the end of Q2 was 38% and net debt-to-capital was 22%. Also at the end of Q2 we had cash and equivalents of $520 million and short-term debt of about $75 million, down somewhat from last quarter. Our first maturities of long-term debt are in 2017. And during the quarter we replaced our $600 million credit facility that was expiring in October of 2009 with two new facilities, a three-year and a 364-day that totaled $535 million. We intend to continue to tightly manage cash and our balance sheet consistent with these uncertain market conditions. So now on chart seven, our revised guidance for the full year fiscal year '09. As Keith mentioned, we now expect full year sales excluding currency effects to decline between 16% and 18%. Consistent with our previous guidance, we continue to expect currency to cause a further decline of about 7%. Compared to our previous fiscal year '09 cost target of $240 million, we now expect reduced costs in fiscal year '09 by about $280 million. This additional cost reduction will help to offset the lower sales and less favorable mix. Given the revised sales range and taking into account the expected cost reductions, we expect segment operating margins for the full year to be in the range of 9 to 11%. We expect EPS in the range of $1.40 to $1.70. Consistent with our previous guidance, this range includes the $25 million of pay as you go charges that we told you about in our guidance both in November and last quarter. That $25 million covers the restructuring costs for the actions already taken through the end of Q2. But also consistent with our guidance last quarter, this range does not include any charges related to future restructuring actions. We are continuing to work toward the previously identified $50 to $100 million of savings for fiscal ‘10. As I mentioned, we have already initiated actions to realize $20 million of those savings, beginning in fiscal ‘10. Given projects, we are currently working on, the savings target remaining and the likely time required to complete the planning and to finalize further actions, we expect to incur about $25 million of additional restructuring charges in the balance of fiscal year ‘09, some of that beginning in Q3. Regarding cash flow, we expect free cash flow conversion to be about 110% for the full year. And with that I’ll turn this back over to Rondi to begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks Ted. Becky, we are ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Bob Cornell of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Robert Cornell – Barclays Capital: Hey, guys.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Bob.
Robert Cornell – Barclays Capital: Yeah, I wondered if you just expand on the comment I guess Keith you made first about the second half sales being below the second quarter run rate, maybe you could flush out sort of what you’re seeing there, maybe you said there was potentially below, maybe just expand on that point, please?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, Bob. Basically, the fact that we still believe there’s some downside potential in the economy that we believe the second half could be a little bit weaker than we’re currently seeing. And certainly the other dimension of that is as we talked earlier in the year, we believe our Solutions business will weaken as the year plays out. And so we think as we go further into the fourth quarter, we’ll see that get a little weaker than we’ve seen in the first half of the year. So it’s really about hunting for the bottom of the economy and it’s just too unpredictable at this point in time for us to be able to feel certain that we’re there and so it’s a little bit of a belief that while we’re seeing the worst behind us, we probably still have a little bit more to go down before we start flattening out and begin whenever the recovery occurs.
Robert Cornell – Barclays Capital: Yeah, just a question on the cost. I mean, the unabsorbed factory overhead would have been reflected in inventory, but shipped in the June quarter, Ted, is that right? Help me with that.
Theodore Crandall: Yes, we’re a FIFO company, as I think you pointed out in some of your recent notes and we had a large inventory reduction in Q2. The primary absorption effect of that will be felt in Q3.
Robert Cornell – Barclays Capital: Do you have a magnitude of that what we should expect?
Theodore Crandall: I mean, call it roughly $10 million.
Robert Cornell – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks. I’ve lots of questions but I’ll pass for the time.
Theodore Crandall: Okay, Bob.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Nicole Dibotto – Deutsche Bank: Hi, this is Nicole Dibotto is asking questions on Nigel’s behalf. The first one for you. We were surprised to see North America weaker than EMEA in this quarter. Does that represent broad market growth rates and is that expected to continue going forward? And then also, how are channel inventory burns trending in North America and Europe?
Theodore Crandall: Well, I think the U.S. went into a deeper recession faster than Europe did, and that’s why you saw the differences. I think Europe, quite frankly, is catching up, but the U.S. was deeper and certainly a part of that was led mainly because the financial crisis hit here first in a bigger way and then in addition to that, the spillover and the dramatic impacts in particular in the automotive industry, created bigger headwinds as well. So not a surprise that the U.S. was a tougher market than EMEA, at least in the second quarter, and certainly given the disproportionate amount of market share that we have in the U.S. versus EMEA, that part of the regions that you saw the dramatic reduction in our revenue and in particular in A&S revenue this quarter, because likewise, our largest market shares in A&S would be in North America. With respect to the destocking in the channel, that was a more significant impact for us in quarter two than quarter one and I would say it was a bigger issue in the U.S., simply because the majority of our sales go through distribution in the U.S. and in Europe we run a different model. We have some countries that are distributor related but we also have direct sales and other third-party system integrators that we work through to a much larger degree than occurs in the U.S. So Europe would have a less of an impact of distributor destocking than the U.S.
Nicole Dibotto – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Thank you. And then one more, if I may. What will be the incremental impact of the GM auto related summer shutdowns?
Theodore Crandall: Well, it probably won’t be much incremental because there wasn’t much in the second quarter, so because if you remember they had very long, extended shutdowns into January, which they normally didn’t have. So most of January was a shutdown and certainly some of the plants even came back up slower after the shutdowns. So I don’t think we’ll see a significant impact on what they’re talking about for the summertime frame. Historically, summer had a shutdown anyway for retooling and model changeovers. Obviously, this is much longer but the bigger impact will be exactly how does Chrysler and GM come back as entities and as companies, which I think is being played out over the next month or two. That will have a bigger determination as what happens in the summer and fall timeframe than the plant shutdowns.
Nicole Dibotto – Deutsche Bank:  Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek of Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Hi, good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Maybe a bit of a longer-term question. I have often thought about the two major competitive advantages of Rockwell being the technology and then the customer-facing assets being the second part of that, your own internal organization and then the strength of the distributors. And the question I have is that we are hearing from channel participants that that ladder organization, sales and marketing, is being cut back pretty substantially and in prior downturns that part of the business has been pretty insulated and it kind of suggests that you think that this downturn is going to be a lot more protracted, perhaps, than you might have 90 or 180 days ago. And I’m just wondering if you can comment on your outlook for the degree and how long this downturn might last, based on your prior experiences and how you think the Company might emerge from it, looking different than it does today.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly I have no idea how long the downturn is going to last, so our decisions are not made with any insights on the duration at this point in time. Quite frankly, we’re focused on 2009 and obviously we’re going to be monitoring and watching what’s going on, but as far as we enable to determine how long this is going to last, we don’t have that insight, quite frankly.  With respect to the changes that you’ve talked about in the sales organization, those changes are not being made based upon a belief in the duration of a downturn. What we are doing in our sales organization and what you’re probably hearing about is probably mainly in the U.S. because, we are taking different approaches to the different regions, based upon the environment, but also the evolution of our selling model. And that is what’s happening in the U.S. and North America and certainly what we’re doing is we’re now using the downturn as an opportunity to accelerate the sales model change that we had actually started probably a couple of years ago now.  And certainly what we’re now doing is getting to an end state and preserving the majority, the vast majority of the quota-carry and resources and what we’re reducing is some of the management heads by increasing span of control. We’re organized now around customer type, instead of by our product delineations, if you will. And we believe that the new organization with fewer layers will be more effective in calling on customers and managing those customers’ relationships. So what we’re really doing, Mark, is protecting the customer-facing resources and aligning those resources directly with the type of customer, so that we can be more efficient and more effective and when I talk about the types of customers, I think you can think of it broadly as end users and OEMs. And those really have different buying behaviors and needs and so we’re aligning around customers, which I think reinforces just how you started your conversation that is one of the strengths of Rockwell Automation, the ability to be focused on customers, to develop deep customer relationships.  Everything we’re doing is to only make greater leverage of those relationships and to create a much tighter link directly between the account sales person and the customer and to be able to do that in a way that creates more long-term value for each one of those customer types that I mentioned.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Okay. That is actually very valuable. I appreciate that. As a probably unrelated follow-up, would you just be able to comment on the trends within some of the subcategories that you frequently mentioned, which is logix, process, some of the other underneath?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. I will. With respect to our Logix business, Logix really performed pretty much like the business. In general, Logix declined at 18% for the quarter and that was probably a pretty universal decline around the business, around the world, I mean, pretty consistent performance in Logix geographically. It’s also consistent with the expectations that we had for Logix and the expectation that we would see negative growth in Logix for the year. So not inconsistent, but obviously that’s part of the reason behind the A&S performance.  With respect to Process, Process continues to have very solid performance, even though it’s a darn tough environment. And our Process business grew 4% in the quarter and certainly the Solutions business, the Solutions aspect of process grew at an even faster rate than that 4%. So we continue to be able to take share and to compete very effectively against the traditional DCS suppliers. We’ve continued and have accelerated some of our legacy DCS conversion capabilities and that is working well, particularly in these tough environments. Customers are looking for a way to maintain their installed base, but provide them a path to the future without having it to be a major upfront cost for a complete tear-out. So legacy DCS were also growing, obviously in the oil and gas industry. ICS Triplex continues to perform very well in the oil and gas sector and our Plant PAx Process system continues to make inroads and add customers that traditionally were not Rockwell Automation PLC discrete users. So we’re very pleased with Process. Obviously, the growth is slowing. No question about it. But still, a growth sector for us and continues to be our greatest long-term growth opportunity.
Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research: Great. Thank you for the color.
Theodore Crandall: You’re welcome, Mark.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning.
Theodore Crandall: Good morning, John.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys. Hi, so Keith, these stabilizing trends that you’re talking about. I’m assuming these are proportionately tied to North America. Is that why, you still expect growth sequentially to get worse?  And are you looking at things internally or are you just looking at some of the anecdotal evidence that you’re seeing on the macro level, housing, et cetera? Can you just maybe flush this out a little bit more for us?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. Actually, it’s both dimensions of that, John, and if you look at the macro level, certainly, if you look at the sentiment indicators, look at PMI and you look at PMI globally and if you look at the last couple of months, there has been a slight uptick and I would say the decline has stopped. They’re still not at good levels. I mean, don’t get me wrong. There’s nothing to be proud of in the 30s and low 40s. But at a minimum, they’ve stabilized and in most cases, they’ve turned slightly upward. And certainly we believe that, that portends a positive movement sometime in the future. It’s hard to predict exactly, but I think that’s one of a good sentiment indicator. If you look at the industrial production and GDPs, and if you look at that around the world, most of those, the forecasts are still coming down but the rate of decline is slowing or flattening from either a month or a quarter previous picture of them. So from a macro standpoint, those are the ones that we look at. If you look at internally; internally it’s really about what’s happening with quotations, with the backlog and frontlog pictures that we capture from the different sales organizations, conversations with customers and channel partners, and basically most of that is coming back telling us that they’re pretty well set with what’s happening today and they don’t see significant continued degradation in the short to intermediate term. So it’s all of those dimensions, John, that are telling us that we’re getting close to the bottom and hopefully that’s something we’ll be seeing in the next quarter or two. And so that is why we said we believe the second half will be at or slightly below our current run rate.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Would you expect international process kind of weaken, Europe, I mean how well, Europe is myriad in recession. Would you expect international to get worse and the U.S. to get better or are you expecting everything kind of to stabilize at these levels?
Keith Nosbusch: I think Europe still gets a little worse going forward. I think the U.S. will stabilize. I think Asia will be next. I think, we’ll see improvement in China. China’s stimulus is working. And they went earlier. They talked about it in the November-December timeframe, as you remember we had a very, very weak Q1. The Chinese economy was probably the weakest in Q1 and I think we’ll see India after the elections pickup a little and certainly the magnitude of the decline that we’ve seen in Japan, Korea and Taiwan, we don’t think that’s sustainable for the full year. So and we’ll probably see a little softening in Latin America from where we are right at the moment. So I guess that’s how I would characterize the different regions, John.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Yeah, that’s helpful. Keith, I think your CapEx expenditures were down about 25%?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: If you look at other industrials, they’re down - of that order of magnitude up to, I’ve seen even down 50%. Historically, Rockwell’s revenues have been sort of juxtaposed or tied to industrial capital expenditures, so in theory, right, even if you have an economic improvement, there’s a wild kind of a lag for that capacity to begin to cause for companies to reinvest in a variety of different products, possibly including automation. I’m curious, what portion of your revenue mix though, would you tie to sort of being more coincident with economic activity versus kind of more traditionally has to wait for the lag impact of capital expenditures to begin to rebound. Kind of it’s almost - what’s a short cycle versus long cycle as you kind of think about Rockwell’s revenues?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, if you look at short, in that definition for Rockwell Automation, I would say our short cycle would be basically MRO business. And that’s certainly we believe is depressed now and it’s depressed because of how two dimensions as to why we believe it’s depressed. One is the economy is slowing down and people are not running their lines, running the machines or running as many of their machines as they needed to. The second one, it’s such dramatic that they’re also trying to conserve cash. And that means they’re limiting all their expenditures and because they don’t have to spend, because they don’t need it immediately, they’re not spending it. And so we believe that the MRO, while it’s depressed now, it will improve as production levels improve and that will probably be the shortest term, shortest cycle part of our business. As you know, John, we have a lot of short cycle in general, but I would say that dimension, as opposed to small projects, as opposed to other what I would call plant investments that normally come out of plant operating budgets, would be the first. The second would be the plant investments and then the third would be true Company CapEx spending as far as how they would play out, and then obviously the longest term cycle business for us, it’s our Solutions businesses, and those are still enjoying year-over-year growth.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: And then just how big is MRO this year and then for Ted, could you give us the breakdown in terms of your restructuring spend between the A&S and the CP&S businesses? Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. MRO tends to be around 25% to a third of our business. And Ted …
Theodore Crandall:  John, the restructuring cost in the quarter was split roughly equally between the two segments.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Roughly equally. Okay. And maybe just one final one. I don’t understand why aren’t you including the extra call at $0.15 of restructuring in the guidance? I mean it’s a little confusing like you’re sort of reversing prior restructuring accruals and then you’ve included restructuring but now you’re excluding it. Is there some rationale for that? Or I’m just trying to understand.
Keith Nosbusch: Basically we were just trying to remain consistent with the way we had provided guidance in the last quarter but also give you the estimate of what those charges might be in the balance of the year, so that we were very transparent.
John Inch – Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Keith Nosbusch: You bet, John.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman of Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Can I just wanted to circle back for a second to the CP&S business? We talked about the second half being lower than the first half, primarily because the Solutions business is expected to begin to taper off. Can you give us a sense of how the backlog looked in Solutions at the end of the second quarter versus how we started the quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. Basically, our Solutions backlog was still higher than the way it started the quarter. I’m sorry. I was going to say our backlog is higher than Q2 of last year in the Solutions business, but it did come down actually right around 3% sequentially. So under 5% sequential decline but the backlog is still higher than quarter two a year ago.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: So like order of magnitude as we get into the second half, can the CP&S business be down? If it’s trailing the A&S business, can it be down 20% or something along the year-over-year? Is that the order of magnitude? In other words, follow the A&S business down? Might get too granular but I’m just curious if it lags by six months or nine months?
Keith Nosbusch:  I think the second half we’re talking about 10% in the Solutions business.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Decline. Okay.
Keith Nosbusch: And - go ahead, Ted.
Theodore Crandall: Rick, I was going to say the CP&S business really can’t get that negative. Remember, 60% of it is Solutions, right?
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Yeah.
Theodore Crandall: So it can’t turn that negative that quickly.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay, so that’s fair with the backlog that’s fine. And then also, you were watching pricing fairly closely through the first quarter and out of the first quarter. How was that looking, just as a general statement?
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah. I think in general, we would say pricing is flat. We talked a lot in the first quarter as to how we improved our pricing processes but it is a more difficult pricing environment and so flat, we feel that is pretty good given what’s going on out there.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Very good. Thank you. 
Keith Nosbusch: You bet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Good morning, everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Hi. I’d like to talk a little bit more about architecture in A&S. Can you explain a little bit more, it was quite a severe contraction in margins and obviously the volumes were much lower? Is it really primarily due to the volume decline? Or I guess you also said restructuring was split between the two and then what are you thinking about the margins for A&S going forward throughout this year?
Keith Nosbusch: The decline in the margins of A&S was directly related to the volume declines in that business and then obviously you mentioned the other one and that is there were some restructuring charges. So, strictly volume led and I think what the A&S revenue decline tells you is the severity of the global recession and the fact that the steepest decline has been in the U.S. I think that speaks directly to the A&S performance and is something that we believe will continue at these levels for the remainder of the year. There might have been a little bit of volume there, based upon the channel destocking, but that’s still a small number compared to the impact of the overall decline. So, I think those are the couple of dimensions that led to the significant margin decline, and we expect the margin performance to remain at or slightly better than what we had in this quarter because some of our cost actions will be impacted going forward.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: All right. So, assuming there is a stabilization here and the cost actions are fully in effect and there could be a slight pickup as the year progresses?
Keith Nosbusch: There is that stabilization, yes, and that’s quite frankly, we believe there will be some and that’s how we’re approaching it. So we would expect that for the fourth quarter, we’ll probably be a little better in the last half of the second half than in the first half.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you. And then the two acquisitions you made, are they both been in the CP&S and then?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, they’re both in our solutions business of CP&S, that’s correct.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: And then have you discussed with what kind of annualized sales you might expect from those two?
Keith Nosbusch: No, we have not talked about that but basically it’s in the ten’s of millions.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: This is Rondi Rohr-Dralle. We’ll take one last caller.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Jessica Mullin of FTN Equity Capital. Please proceed.
Jessica Mullin – FTN Equity Capital: Good morning Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Jessica.
Jessica Mullin – FTN Equity Capital: Are you expecting stability and demand based on an upward delta in capacity utilization? Or do you think it needs to reach some absolute level?
Keith Nosbusch: I don’t think we’re looking at stabilization due because of capacity utilization. That’s a number that certainly where it’s currently at tells us that there’s a lot of excess capacity, which is why we’re seeing the slowdown in MRO sales, in addition to what we would just call the normal capital expenditure-driven sales. So, I think what we’re looking for is a flattening of the capacity utilization and in particular you need to parse capital, you need capacity utilization a little bit because there’s some large sectors in there that really don’t reflect upon manufacturing. And so you need to look at some of the sub elements and not the total macro number to look at how it will work for Rockwell Automation, but we do expect to see capacity utilization stabilizing and certainly that will allow us to be able to address more of our short cycle MRO business and we’re counting on some of that over the second half of the year and that does fit into those macro economics beginning to stabilize.
Jessica Mullin – FTN Equity Capital: All right. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. I think we’re ready to wrap up the call today. So this will conclude today’s call. Thank you to all of you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Rondi Rohr-Dralle VP IR Keith Nosbusch – CEO Theodore Crandall – SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank  Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Nicole Parent – Credit Suisse  Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird  John Inch – Banc of America  Jeff Sprague – Citigroup  Steve Tusa – JP Morgan 
Operator: Welcome to the Rockwell Automation's quarterly conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle : Good morning. Thank you all for joining us on Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2009 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com.  Please note that the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all the charts that we reference during the call are available at that website. The webcast will be available for replay and the materials from this call will be accessible for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Theodore Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith followed by Theodore’s review of the quarter and discussion of 2009 guidance.  We expect the call today to take about one hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. With that I will turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch : Thanks Rondi and good morning to everyone who joined us on today’s call. Let me start by making a few comments on our results this quarter and then spend more time talking about the balance of the year. At this same time a quarter ago we talked about how challenging 2009 would be for Rockwell Automation, one that anticipated a revenue decline of 1% to 5% from 2008 levels excluding the effects of currency.  As you know a lot has changed in the market environment since then and business conditions are markedly different. After a very solid October we experienced a severe decline in customer demand during the second half of the quarter.  This was due to deteriorating economic, financial, and credit market conditions in all regions and most industries aggravated by an unusual number of customer plant shutdowns resulting in performance for the quarter below our earlier expectations. Organic sales declined 5% in the quarter plus a 6% decline due to currency. Segment operating margins were down considerably compared to last year primarily due to the rapid decline in sales volume.  Free cash flow was weaker then our normal seasonal performance and Theodore will talk more about this shortly. And even with these results our return on invested capital was 22.3%. Now let me shift gears and focus on the future.  We expect an extremely difficult market environment in the balance of 2009. The global recession has grown deeper and wider then we originally anticipated. Key economic indicators and projections continue to weaken and we see a significant deceleration in customer demand.  Negative GDP is now projected in all mature markets and all emerging market growth projections are substantially lower. Industrial production for all markets have worsened with significant declines expected in the mature markets and growth expectations substantially lower in emerging markets.  US manufacturing capacity utilization fell further in December to 70.2 compared to 79.2 in December, 2007. The purchasing manager indices are in the 30’s in mature markets and no emerging market is close to 50 except India. December US PMI was at 32.4, the lowest level since the mid-80’s and capital expenditure budgets have been reset and a survey of our top accounts show a double-digit reduction in capital spending. There is no doubt that all the indicators and trends have continued to decline significantly.  This was further confirmed when we ran our quarterly business review and forecasting process where we received input from our sales organization, channel partners, and customers in every region. The clear consensus was that we are operating in a rapidly declining environment and that we will confront very challenging business conditions in 2009. We evaluated backlog and front log order trends and plant shutdowns. Our backlog was up slightly over Q1 2008 and our front log and pipeline analysis we are seeing a noticeable increase in project delays and a slight uptick in cancellations. Product front log is down, project front log varies by region, but in general it is only positive in process, oil and gas, cement, power and energy, and legacy conversion.  The situation is further complicated given the abrupt fall off in sales volume and uncertainty around the depth and duration of this synchronized global recession making it very difficult to forecast sales and revenues.  What is clear is that we have not seen the bottom yet and that with this rapid volume decline we expect a very difficult Q2. Accordingly we are now planning for a fiscal 2009 organic revenue decline between 12% and 17% excluding the effects of currency.  We will also face currency headwinds impacting revenue negatively another 7%. Based on this sales forecast and the savings related to cost reduction actions, we are revising our fiscal 2009 earnings downward to a range of $1.55 to $2.25 per share.  We took cost actions in Q4 in anticipation of a slowing market and out ongoing mix shift. In November when we provided guidance we anticipated the need for additional actions based on an expected moderate decline of negative 1% to negative 5% in market conditions and built in about $25 million of implementation costs to permit pay as you go cost reduction actions.  It is now clear that we need to aggressively continue to reduce our costs and restructure our businesses to reflect a more significant change in customer demand levels. In addition to the restructuring actions we announced in September which we are already realizing the planned benefits from, we have frozen all headcount additions and replacements, clamped down further on all discretionary spending, eliminated temporary and contractor positions, suspended the January salary increase that is normally scheduled for January 1, eliminated overtime, moved to shortened work weeks in some of our production facilities, and implemented additional headcount actions in Q2 and planning for further reductions in the balance of the year consistent with the previously announced pay as you go cost reduction actions that were included in our original guidance.  All of these actions are targeted to take a total of $240 million out of our cost structure and is factored into today’s guidance. In addition we now have also initiated a process to analyze and identify further cost reductions in the range of $50 million to $100 million on an annual basis.  This analysis builds on previous actions and will consider the following, further reduction in, or consolidations of manufacturing and business locations, additional organizational consolidation and simplification actions, an evaluation of the future for underperforming product lines. We intend to protect the investments we have made in emerging markets to support future growth. We also plan to continue our investment in technology leadership including the evolution of our [logics] architecture.  We are aggressively attacking working capital to improve cash flow conversion. Before I turn it over to Theodore to discuss Q1 and 2009 in more detail I would like to conclude by saying our balance sheet provides a source of strength in challenging times like these. We have ample cash and credit facilities at our disposal giving us flexibility to invest in growth, strengthen our portfolio, and fund our current dividend.  Although our outlook reflects the dramatic declines in most of our global end markets I want to stress that there is nothing fundamentally wrong with our business or our strategy. Our diversification strategies are working and represent an important source of strength in dealing with the current environment.  This was evident in the quarter with growth across multiple dimension, specifically our process business grew 11%. We also introduced plant PAF, the unifying brand for our entire process portfolio and process automation system. Our oil and gas strategy is gaining traction. We experienced growth in the first quarter anchored by a multimillion-dollar win with a leading oil company in Canada. Also our integrated control and safety system allowed us to win a significant technology differentiated order with another major oil company. We are increasing wins in applications and markets that we previously could not compete in. Our solutions and services businesses grew and we experienced 10% organic growth in Latin America. Our employees are doing an outstanding job navigating through these global market challenges and are committed to improving our customers’ experience and increasing our share.  We will remain focused on dealing with near-term cost and business issues and we’ll keep a keen eye on executing our long-term growth and performance strategy. While we must deal with reality I am confident that we are well positioned to outperform the market in these challenging times and that we will emerge from this downturn more competitive and more successful then ever before. Now let me turn it over to Theodore.
Theodore Crandall : Thanks Keith and good morning. We posted charts to our website, my comments will reference those charts. On chart one, Q1 results summary, starting at the top of the slide revenue in the quarter was $1,189 billion, down 11% from Q1 last year.  The effective currency translation accounted for six points of the decline. Segment operating earnings were $178 million, down from $258 million in Q1 last year. Purchase accounting expense was a bit below last year. General corporate net was up about $4 million from last year but last year’s number included a $6 million gain on the sale of [Baldor] stock received as part of the power systems sale.  Interest expense was $3 million lower then last year and the effective tax rate in the quarter was 17.1% below last year’s effective rate of 28.5% and below our guidance range. The lower rate included the benefit of a discrete tax item result in the quarter and the effect of the retroactive extension of the US Federal research tax credit.  EPS from continuing operations was $0.81 and we recognized $2.8 million or $0.02 of income related to discontinued operations. This resulted from a favorable ruling in litigation related to a legacy environmental reserve.  Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 142.2 million, that’s down from 151 million in Q1 last year. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares at a cost of $50 million. At the end of Q1 we had $621 million available under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization.  Moving to chart two Q1 results Rockwell Automation, as noted previously sales for Q1 declined 11% year-over-year. Sales declined by 20% sequentially, both comparisons including currency effects. Q1 sales are typically lower then Q4 but this was a larger then expected decline.  I’ll discuss regional performance in a few slides. Moving to the earnings side of the chart you can see the significant decline in segment earnings both year-on-year and sequentially. Year-over-year segment operating margin contracted to 4.4 points.  As we discussed last year and in our guidance revenue mix and the impact of acquisitions continue to create some headwind. Our higher margin product business is declining more rapidly in the early part of the cycle then the solutions business. But the more important part of the story in Q1 is the impact of volume leverage related to the 5% organic sales decline.  Its not displayed on the chart but our trailing four quarter return on invested capital was 22.3%, down from 24.7% last year and primarily due to the earnings decline.  Please turn to chart three which summarizes Q1 results of the architecture and software segment, sales in Q1 were down 12% year-over-year, down 6% excluding the effects of currency translation. In this segment acquisitions contributed a bit less then one point of growth year-over-year.  On a sequential basis sales were down 18%. Operating margin down 4.1 points year-over-year and 1.3 points sequentially, volume leverage is the primary driver. Chart four covers our control products and solutions segment. Sales in Q1 were down 9% compared to last year, down 3% excluding currency translation and down 21% sequentially.  Operating margin declined by 4.5 points year-over-year and 4.7 points sequentially. The drop is due to lower volume aggravated by mix and in the year-to-year comparison, inflation. The next chart, chart five provides a geographic break down of our sales in the quarter. In the center column you’ll see an overall growth rate by region.  The far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. In comparing the two columns, you can see the significant impact that currency had on all non-US regions. I’ll focus my following comments on the far right column.  In the US sales were down 4%. Transportation was particularly weak both automotive and tire and an unusual number of plant shutdowns and productions slowdowns across many industries impacted the quarter.  Canadian sales declined by 14% compared to prior year primarily driven by declines in the eastern part of the country which from a vertical perspective is largely automotive and general manufacturing.  In EMEA sales declined 9% compared to Q1 last year. We saw weakness pretty much across all industry categories. EMEA also saw an unusual number of plant shutdowns and slowdowns and particular weakness in the OEM business.  In Asia Pacific we experienced a 2% decline. Emerging Asia including China saw 6% growth year-over-year but this was more then offset by declines in mature markets.  Latin America was the one bright spot in the quarter with growth of 10% compared to last year. Auto held up well in this market and resource based industries continued to generate growth particularly mining, cement, and oil and gas.  Please turn to chart six, Q1 results free cash flow, free cash flow for the quarter was $22 million and that’s 19% conversion. Q1 is typically a low conversion quarter due in part to the timing of prior year incentive compensation payments. However this year cash flow in the quarter was also negatively effected by three other issues.  There was a higher then normal amount of US payroll payments in this quarter and a change this year in the timing of interest expense payments. These will naturally correct in the balance of the year. We paid out $15 million of the restructuring costs for our September 2008 actions that negatively impacted conversion by about 13 points in the quarter and this will continue for about the next two quarters.  And inventory increased in the quarter, not that unexpected given the speed and magnitude of the Q1 sales decline. As sales continue to decline in fiscal year 2009 we do expect this to reverse and inventory to be a source of cash for the year.  Before we move to the next slide I want to remind you as Keith mentioned that our balance sheet if very solid with net debt to total capital of only 25% at the end of the quarter and that brings us to the next slide which addresses our fiscal year 2009 current outlook.  As Keith mentioned we’re revising guidance to reflect the much more rapid and significant decline in market conditions then we expected in November. We now expect full year sales to decline in the range of 12% to 17% excluding currency effects.  We expect currency effects to cause a further decline of about 7%. That assumes that rates stay at approximately recent levels. Our previous guidance incorporated a 5% decline. Given this expected sales decline and taking into account the cost actions that Keith discussed, we expect operating margin in 2009 to be in the range of 10% to 13% and EPS in the range of $1.55 to $2.25. The implied conversion margins for the remainder of the year require that we continue to take cost out of the business. We expect the full year effective tax rate of between 22% and 26% and we expect free cash flow conversion of about 100%. That includes the cash outflow associated with our September restructuring actions. Excluding that conversion would be closer to 120%.  And now I’ll turn it over for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: You mentioned that you hadn’t seen the bottom yet, did that include a comment on January as well, is January continuing to drop away?
Keith Nosbusch : January is continuing along the lines of our guidance for the remainder of the year so I would say January is similar to what occurred in November and December. 
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: You gave the organic growth guidance the 12 to 17, how would you expect that to array as you go forward. In other words, none of the balance of your quarter is going to be exactly 12 to 17, its going to be a pattern. Are you going to see a greater then, are you going to have to have a greater then that decline because your first quarter is only down 5 so how do you see the other three quarters of the year laying out in terms of this organic growth guidance. 
Keith Nosbusch : We see the second quarter dropping substantially from a sequential standpoint. But we expect similar declines year-over-year in each of the remaining three quarters.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: So the exit rate of organic growth in the fourth quarter will be about what do you think, in your model, in your guidance. 
Keith Nosbusch : At about the high end of the range. 
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: You talk about the adverse margin effect being attributable to volume but did you actually have an inventory build in the quarter that’s going to have to come off in subsequent quarters.
Keith Nosbusch : Yes we did and that’s what we’re planning for to have that come down which will positively impact cash flow and negatively impact the margin line. 
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: You saw October was decent and November and December fell off, obviously the whole fall off was surprising but when you look at it was there anything in particular as to that in terms of end markets, controlled products was off more then I expected relative to architecture software and that’s a bit of a backlog business, I’m surprised that that business has much of a miss relative to my model in A&S.
Keith Nosbusch : If you remember the split in controlled products and solutions about 60% is solutions and that actually did not fall off and so the magnitude of the fall off was in the product side of that business. The product side of that business is very heavily associated with MRO and I believe what we saw here was companies trying to conserve cash. It wasn’t just the fact that they were slowing some of their projects but they stopped buying MRO as a way to conserve cash over the last couple of months of the year. 
Theodore Crandall : You said was there anything surprising, I’d say what was surprising was how broad based the decline was across regions and industries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Could you give us more color on your revenue expectations, if you look at the different geographies and maybe in each of those if there’s any end market that’s worth noting in terms of building up into that expectation. 
Keith Nosbusch : I can talk about some of the assumptions that we have in the revenue projections by region, certainly we expect the largest declines in the developed markets, US, EMEA and Canada. We expect to be three to four points lower then our average. Asia Pacific we expect to be flat to mid single-digit decline and Latin America we’re expecting growth of low single-digits. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Is there any other, in terms of end markets within those regions, anything that is worth pointing out or are you just, similar to what Theodore was pointing out that the broad end market decline is, you’re assuming the same for the balance of the year. 
Keith Nosbusch : I think where we see the best opportunities from end markets, we believe those are mainly in the I’ll call them the process related industries still. So we expect to continue to see strength in oil and gas. We expect to see strength in the cement markets and in the energy and power markets for us.  And those tend to be the longer cycle businesses which have a lower ability to immediately reduce the project activities. So we expect those to remain strong and then obviously at the other end of the spectrum the most difficult and challenging markets will be in global automotive and tire and that is a much broader scenario now then we had been talking about previously which was with the big three from Detroit. Its truly now a global automotive decline and that’s where we’ll see the toughest.  Metals will be a very difficult market, at least in the short and intermediate term and that’s a little more color around the end markets.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: So oil and gas despite oil being at about $41 a barrel, that still supports investment. 
Keith Nosbusch : It is. If you look at, and its not a black and white. If you just look at this past week, Shell increased their CapEx for next year. Most of the majors are holding it reasonably flat. However many of the minor category, any of the secondary players are starting to lower theirs. But these tend to be very long duration projects and those will keep, they have permits, they have other things that are required to continue on and so we do expect that to happen.  Where we hear the break is, if you get under $40 and to $35 that will start impacting some of the I’ll call it more global players in that market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank 
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank : Could you be a bit more specific about what the 12 to 17% organic declines imply, so at the low end of that range would that just basically extrapolate the current trends or can you just, along those lines just give us some color on what each side of that range implies. 
Keith Nosbusch : I think the 12 really looks at what’s been currently happening and so that’s I think the depending on which way you view it, the lower or upper side of our guidance. Going down from there we just believe that we have not seen the bottom, that there will be continued decline here and really that’s based upon a number of factors.  Obviously one is the review that we took just two weeks ago across the different regions that identified the continued slowing. We certainly see the rapid decline in the macroeconomic indicators that point to continued contraction and we have seen now starting in the mid summer, certainly in the fall and now at the start of the new year an accelerated decline in the outlook of each of those key indicators which is telling us that we still have a ways to go before we achieve the bottom.  And that’s across the board whether it be GDP, industrial production, capacity utilization or just CapEx expenditures. I think that’s some of the changes in what’s going on in the OEM markets, particularly the major OEM markets in Europe. But at the end of the day what I would say is its not an exact science. We’re trying to take our most realistic and look at each one of the pieces that fit into the puzzle but I have to tell you it is not an exact science and which is what we’re trying to do is give it our best call given what we know today and what we’re seeing.  This range we believe creates the most realistic look at the remainder of the year.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank : You mentioned some of the long cycle markets remain pretty good, does the 17% build in any cracking in those markets at all.
Keith Nosbusch : No, we expect those to play out reasonably well the remainder of this year and I would say it’s the longer term outlook for those that would be the next area that we have to look at but that’s a longer term and too hard to predict at this point in time. 
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank : On 2Q will you expect to make money 2Q?
Keith Nosbusch : Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company:  I am wondering if you could review the restructuring actions in a little more detail. It seems we talked about pretty significant actions in the fourth quarter. You took a charge in that quarter, it sounds like now you’re cutting deeper and there’s more pay as you go so could you refresh us on where you stand and how the benefits are expected to roll out over the course of the year and then into next year. 
Theodore Crandall : We talked about our need to get about $240 million of cost out. That’s a combination of direct and indirect costs that has to come out of cost of goods sold as sales decline and then also SG&A. Of the $240 million think of $75 million of that as coming from the actions we took and announced at the end of September and we’re probably about roughly 80% complete with those actions as of the end of Q1. There is another sizable chunk of money that’s going to have to come out of the direct and indirect cost of goods sold and I would say that is just starting and then the balance comes out of various other areas. In total I would guess that, of the total $240 a little more then half is going to come out of SG&A and the balance out of cost of goods sold. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Given that we already spent some money in the fourth fiscal quarter to get that first tranche, the $75 million and now you’re going to need $165 million more of cost reduction, how much pay as you go expense is that going to hit the income statement by over the course of the year. 
Theodore Crandall : You’ll remember that we talked about having built into the original guidance in November about $25 million of additional pay as you go, some of that cost reduction is in that $240. I would say it will come from areas that don’t require up front implementation costs. Examples would be sales commissions will be lower with lower sales, bonus will be lower with lower sales, we’re eliminating temps and contractors. We’re eliminating overtime, we’ve gone to shortened workweeks in the manufacturing facilities. Those are all ways of driving cost out that don’t have implementation cost and then we believe that the $25 million of pay as you go that was in that original guidance will cover the balance of the actions that we need to implement this year. The additional $50 to $100 million of cost that Keith talked about, the process we have started to analyze and identify that, there is no implementation cost related to that reflected in the 2009 guidance. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: But there likely would be once you identify it and decide to take those actions. 
Theodore Crandall : Yes, I would expect that there will be implementation costs related to that but we’re so early in that process both the amount and the timing is uncertain at this point.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Could you review what the logics business did and the overall processors, how well legacy PLCs did in the quarter. 
Keith Nosbusch : The logics business for the quarter grew, we grew that at 3%. The legacy sales were down 17% which is significantly higher then what we had planned for the year which is around 8 to 10% decline. We certainly believe that MRO cut back spending to conserve cash as well CapEx spending reductions were a big factor in that and total processor sales were down 5% for the quarter. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Of the overall processor mix how much is legacy at this point. Is there that much more to fall away or are we getting pretty close to where it just can’t hurt you that much more. 
Keith Nosbusch : There’s two dimensions to the legacy, the PLC family, that will not hurt us much more. The SLC has a significant revenue pace yet and that’s where we’re seeing the accelerated decline this quarter mainly because of some of the capital spending reductions but also it’s a good product with the OEM community and that dropped rather dramatically in the quarter and in total I believe legacy would be about a third of the total with SLC being the predominant piece of that total.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Parent – Credit Suisse 
Nicole Parent – Credit Suisse : You’ve been doing this for a long time I guess, can we get your perspective on what’s going on today versus prior downturns that you’ve experienced and what’s maybe different and what’s similar. 
Keith Nosbusch : We have been through a bunch of these and quite candidly I think that’s one of the advantages that we have with the leadership team here. We know what to do, how to do it and how to make the right trade off decisions. But I think what’s different, let’s go to the most recent one and what’s different is in 2000 and 2001 it was basically a manufacturing depression and the rest of the economy barely saw anything.  As a matter of fact GDP never declined. So what’s different this time is it started in the financial markets, it moved to the credit markets, it moved to the consumers, and it moved to manufacturers which is a little different then the previous one which mainly was never impacted consumers in a big way.  And I think that’s probably the greatest difference and in that regard this is probably closer to what was occurring in the early 80’s as opposed to either the 90’s or early 2000. I would also say one of the big differences this time, this is probably the first time since World War 2 that we have had a synchronized global recession. That’s also something different here where we’re seeing for sure all of the mature economies and the developed economies entering into a recession and in some cases very substantial recessions if you look at some of the recent numbers in Japan, recent number in the US and certainly countries in Europe.  I would say that from a broad characterization is what we see as different and that’s why we’re very focused now on making sure we take the appropriate actions in the business.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird 
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird : Just a question on inventories here, so with the core growth down 5% overall presumably it was down more, the sell through was down more at the distributor level, so basically the situation with inventories is that’s what we need to work down here in the next couple of quarters, is that the right way to think about this?
Keith Nosbusch : Yes it is. We have at least for the majority of our inventory in the US we basically have that on an order process based upon what they’re selling. So we’re a little behind if you will on what they’re seeing simply because of the timing of those algorithms and the flow but certainly there was some reduction in the quarter of their inventories and we would expect that to continue until we see a stabilization of the revenue.
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird : How does it effect your pricing outlook, would you expect to be able to hold price or do you, in your guidance do you have some price discounting in your guidance, factored in. 
Keith Nosbusch : No we expect to be able to hold price in our guidance, certainly the environment is different from what we were talking about in the summer timeframe where we thought we would get more price but then we also had less inflation now so I think those two will offset and we’ll probably end up basically around what we’ve been doing historically which is minimal if any and that varies depending on the industry and the current situation at customers. 
Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird : What was the impact of currency on EPS and then what is the pension expense jump this year?
Theodore Crandall : Currency impact on EPS in the quarter was about $0.05 and pension expense year-over-year is going to be up somewhere between $5 and $10 million.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch – Banc of America  
John Inch – Banc of America :  On the price, just to pick up from what you just said, what kind of pricing pressures though are you seeing say from competitors, I’m just curious why do you not have to cut price particularly if customers are deferring or holding back so aggressively.
Keith Nosbusch : Certainly with respect to competitors many of the competitors really don’t have a lot of options to compete in these markets particularly the second and third tier competitors. And they will use price and certainly price is one of the first tools that they will bring to the forefront as a way to attack customers and in general to attack Rockwell Automation.  I think from our perspective basically we have lots of options to work with our customers on and that is the entire lifecycle cost that they see, the ability to move them to different platforms, the ability to help them utilize perhaps newer technology in replacing some of the older products and so it still boils down to the value that we can provide and that’s more involved then just the initial purchase price so we talk to them about productivity, we talk to them about being able to improve their outputs and yields with less input.  Those are all factors that go into a final decision and our goal and certainly the way we approach customers is that it is all of those dimensions and all of those pieces which many customers will give us credit for, the ability to save costs in multiple areas of their operation and throughout their organization as opposed to just an initial purchase price.
John Inch – Banc of America : Are you seeing say Siemens or the big Asian players, are they cutting price. I hear you on the small guys but presumably the big players also have a decent value proposition as well. What’s going on competitively there?
Keith Nosbusch : I think at this point we have not seen significant pricing competition anything more then usual from any of the major Asian or European competitors. 
John Inch – Banc of America : Could we get a bit more color on some of the verticals and how they performed, so life sciences, the mac businesses, that sort of thing. 
Keith Nosbusch : Well certainly in the quarter those that performed above the Rockwell Automation average as I mentioned earlier was oil and gas and food and beverage, particularly food. Beverage was a little weaker but food was very strong. At the Rockwell Automation average would have been the home, health, and personal care area. Below our average would have been life sciences and metals and significantly below would have been the global automotive and tire markets. 
John Inch – Banc of America : What are your thoughts vis-a-vie share repurchase, you have a very strong balance sheet as you called out, you are going to have to spend some money for restructuring and some other things, how are you thinking about share repurchase now and using the rest of the authorization. 
Keith Nosbusch : The way we think about it now we would start out by saying we really have no different thoughts in our cash deployment priority which would be first funding organic growth and good opportunities there. Second would be strategic acquisitions. Third would be returning any excess to our shareholders in the form of dividend and then finally any excess from that would be share repurchase.  Given the current environment and with the I’ll say volatility and uncertainty I think its fair to estimate that we will be much less in the share buyback environment at this point in time and certainly we would not be on a path to conclude that over the next 12 months with the outstanding authorization that we have.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague – Citigroup  
Jeff Sprague – Citigroup :  Just to clarify on the restructuring I think that dialogue you had with Mark earlier so there’s $165 million of costs to get out beyond the $75 million that is covered by the charge, could you clarify how much of that $165 is again the volume driven changes. It sounds like that includes lower raw mats and everything like that that just comes with lower volumes and lower commissions and things that come with lower volumes so how much of that $165 is true structural costs that need to come out.
Theodore Crandall : Let me try to answer that this way because when you get into these levels of sales declines I’m not, try exactly know how to distinguish between normal and structural. But on the cost of goods sold side something in the range of $60 to $90 million has to come out of direct and indirect cost and cost of goods sold. 
Jeff Sprague – Citigroup : That is not included in your pay as you go $25 million target.
Theodore Crandall : I would say pieces of it are but I would say we would expect to be able to get most of that out without a lot of up front implementation costs. 
Jeff Sprague – Citigroup : If there is additional restructuring should we expect it to be pay as you go from here or is there the chance of a larger charge again like we saw as you exited 2008.
Keith Nosbusch : Its really too early to make that call because we just started that process and really there its more of a trade off of what is the pay back and how quickly you can get that pay back as to whether we want to take it all at one point in time or spread it out over an extended period and so not knowing exactly what will fall into which bucket, I’ll defer on that one until we’re a little more knowledgeable about what the makeup of the cost out is going to be. 
Jeff Sprague – Citigroup : Stepping back from all this and thinking about the bigger picture of your competitive position and what your priorities are, if we think about logics, its been in the marketplace for eight or nine years, obviously that’s not a static introduction, you’ve added a lot to it and its evolved over time. But are you thinking about or working on some significant changes in your offering platform and how do you think about that relative to the macro environment, even if you had something new, would you be inclined to sit on it here and let some of these fundamentals play out, just trying to think given what does look like a fairly good balance sheet what you might try to do here to actually take advantage of how tough it is. 
Keith Nosbusch : We would not sit on anything in this environment. We believe this is a great opportunity to continue to extend our technology leadership. We believe its an opportunity to take advantage of the weaker market participants in this type of an environment and we certainly believe that if we make the investments now and if we continue to focus on working with customers in a downturn that that is a huge advantage for us as we come out the other side. Our goal is to continue to focus on the technology differentiation. As you said while the product was introduced it’s a product that continues to evolve and we want to add more pieces to that platform. We want to move it up to better job in process, move it down to do a better job at global OEMs and certainly we think that we have an advantage here because of our strong balance sheet that we will be able to continue to take the steps and continue to take the actions that will allow us to emerge even stronger as we come out and I think everyone understands how the upside plays out for us during the leverage that we receive on the recovery side. 
Jeff Sprague – Citigroup : Within controlled products and solutions, naturally you saw products drop off quickly, its through distribution, its quick turns, and so solutions didn’t take the hit but are you seeing evidence yet or is there an effort to basically as your customers are under severe duress here, Rockwell providing some avenue for them to take costs off by further engaging from a solutions standpoint, is there any evidence of that really going on in the last couple of quarters or any new effort there.
Keith Nosbusch : Certainly I wouldn’t say of anything of significance but always when we’re in these difficult economies, customers look at what are opportunities for them to reduce their cost structures and we believe that falls into two categories for us. We can work on more projects to your point, the solutions businesses are able to support more strongly the [inaudible] of the project work that some of our customers have and then secondly our services business which also continued to grow in the quarter it presents opportunities for that organization to also support customers in their operations and in their facilities and certainly we have people deployed in our solutions and in our services businesses globally specifically to be able to be that local touch and that local capability to support customers. So we do expect that to be a positive as this plays out but I think with the significance of the decline and the speed of the decline those actions have not been implemented and executed yet that we’ve seen any difference in that position at this point in time. 
Jeff Sprague – Citigroup : Back to this question of channel inventories, at this point you believe distributor inventories are still on the high side but its your inventories at the Rockwell parent level that are most, are the largest issue, is that a correct statement and then does title to all that inventory pass to the distributors when you ship it or do they have some recourse back to you or consignment type arrangements or anything where really the inventory is still on your dime until they ship out their end. 
Theodore Crandall : The inventory of our distributors is owned by our distributors. Secondly we have very good visibility of the inventory that is at our distributors in North America and what we saw in Q1 was that inventory declined, but I would say it was declining at a rate that was in line with what we think is going on with end customer demand and that there was nothing unusual there.  We extend what we were seeing in North America and tried to estimate what we think might be happening across the globe in the distribution channel, we would estimate that maybe the inventory adjustment at our distributors was worth about one point of the five points of organic sales decline in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa – JP Morgan
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: On the process business what were the order rates in the quarter and you talked about the long lead nature of these projects, does that mean that the revenue growth holds up in the high single-digit, double-digit range throughout the course of the year and then we kind of come to a slowing period in 2010 or would you expect that to begin to slow in the second half. 
Keith Nosbusch : We would expect the order rate to slow as we go through the year. This is an area where we have a longer, larger backlog then in other businesses and so that’s what gives us the short-term perspective but certainly given the other dynamics that are going on we are expecting a [decline] in orders as we go through the year and we expect that to get a little stronger as we go towards the end of the year.  That business will also soften but it will be a quarter or two out from where we were up. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Do the worst declines of that business sees this year approach, in orders, the Rockwell sales average, a down double-digit a some point in the fourth quarter?
Keith Nosbusch : That’s not what we’re currently planning. We expect it to be down only in the mid single-digits as we go through the year and we do still see a good front log in some of the legacy [DCFs] migration to a newer platform so some of these activities still go on simply because of the aging of the installed base and the need to make that transition. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: And that’s mostly oil and gas, do you have a lot of chemicals exposure as well. 
Keith Nosbusch : No we’re not, chemicals is not as strong of a market for us. We do participate but most of my comments were made around oil and gas and certainly the cement and power and energy from more of a global basis then specifically chemicals. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: On the balance sheet the short-term debt went up a bit and also I know you have a measurement date on the discount rate in June, but I think you’re plan gets measured the end of September, do you expect given the [data] may not reflect all the declines in asset values that we’ve seen this year, or maybe it is a December year, would you expect a lot of companies are taking hits to equity because of the decline in asset values, would that be something you planned for this fiscal year instead of the previous fiscal year given the tough markets out there. 
Theodore Crandall : Short-term debt did go up a little bit in the quarter. You know we use commercial paper to fund normal operations and I would say nothing unusual there but it was up a bit in the quarter. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: I’m not a pension expert and we’ve been seeing a lot of big hits to equity at a lot of the companies, given the pension plan underperformed so dramatically into year end and given the difference in your year end relative to some of these other companies, September instead of December, is there more of a lag effect whereas this fiscal year will now reflect a little bit later the declines in asset values we’ve seen out there. 
Theodore Crandall : There was an accounting rules change that impact that accounting for pensions that we reflected last year in equity. I’m not expecting any significant additional changes this year. Our valuation date this year will be at the end of our fiscal year. 
Keith Nosbusch : Certainly we hope that this turns out better then what we’ve outlined here but quite frankly we think is a realistic assessment and we’re using this assessment to guide us in how we position the business to best perform in very, very difficult market conditions and we’re going to run the business consistent with this outline and if it gets better that’s great, but I think given where we’re at and what’s going on in the external markets we believe this is the most prudent and appropriate way to manage the business and certainly the leadership team here is committed to manage through this and quite frankly take advantage of the opportunities that may present themselves during these challenging times. 
Rondi Rohr-Dralle:  That concludes today’s call and thank you all for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-11-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - VP of IR Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO Theodore D. Crandall - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Nicole Dibotto - Deutsche Bank Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Mark Douglas - Longbow Research
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Katrina. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us on Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. Our results were released yesterday afternoon and the press release has been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all the charts that we reference during the call are available at that website. The webcast will be available for replay and the materials from this call will be accessible for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith followed by Ted's review of the quarter and a more detailed discussion of 2009 guidance. Please note that Keith will brief chart one in the chart deck before your result summary so you might want to have that handy now. There's will of course be time at the end of the call to take your questions and we'll try to get to as many of you as possible. We expect the call today to take about one hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So, with that I will turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rondi and good morning to everyone who have joined us on today's call. Let me start by making a few brief comments on our results this quarter and for the full year and then provide an assessment of the current business environment and conclude with a few comments about fiscal year '09. First, I am extremely proud of the focus and hard work of our employees and partners around the world in delivering these impressive results. Second, our strong performance in the quarter again demonstrated our ability to execute on our growth and performance strategy. And finally, this quarter capped another very good year for Rockwell Automation. Let me highlight the few things which are referenced on chart one. This year, we delivered 9% revenue growth excluding currency, demonstrating the ongoing diversification of our revenue base. We continue to benefit from our increasing global presence particularly in the emerging markets. Our business accelerated with particular strength in Asia and Latin America both growing almost 15%. We've also achieved greater penetration in the process industry and a strong growth year in our solutions business. Both of these were growing over 25% excluding acquisitions. Largest growth was 15% in quarter four and 12% for the full year in line with our expectations and a strong finish to the year. And we continued the ongoing globalization of our business as we reached our goal of generating 50% of our revenues outside the U.S. For the full year, segment operating earnings were up 4%, although segment operating margins contracted to 18%. This was primarily due to investment spending and revenue mix. We increased earnings per share from continuing operations excluding special charges by 11% to $4.11. This was slightly above the guidance range we provided in July. Free cash flow for the year was $458 million or 75% of net income from continuing operations excluding special charges. Ted will talk more about cash flow in a moment and we have maintained ROIC at 24% in a challenging environment. Now let me shift gears and focus on the future. 2009 will be a very challenging year for Rockwell Automation. We are operating in a period of unprecedented volatility and uncertainty with respect to the global economy and financial markets. The full impact of constrained credit markets, volatility in commodity and currency markets, and a slowing global economy will not be known for some time. While we have yet to see any significant weakening in our order levels, leading economic indicators and projections continue to deteriorate. In the U.S. industrial production fell at an annual rate of 6% in the third quarter. The October PMI was 38.9, the lowest level since 1982. Industrial equipment investment was down 7% in September and capacity utilization fell to 76.4%. In Europe, GDP growth has stalled and the September purchasing managers index came in at 45%. Industrial Production fell 3.6% in Germany in September, the biggest drop since January 1995. And in emerging markets, industrial production is slow. China steel production is slowing down 20% and GDP's are also slowing. There is no doubt that all the indicators and trends are heading down. The U.S. and EMEA have turned decidedly negative and are in a recession. Growth in the emerging markets will continue but at a slower rate. All of this will have a negative impact on capital expenditures globally. I know from talking to many of our customers and partners that they are now being very cautious about CapEx spending. I also expect that when budgets are reset in January, spending will slow and likely be reduced. I also believe that the second half of fiscal 2009 will be much tougher than the first half. Given this uncertainty and my experience in this business for a long time, I believe it is prudent for us to expect and plan for a contraction in our top line revenue for fiscal 2009. Current and future economic conditions will be markedly different. This is today's reality. As a result, in 2009 we are expecting a revenue decline between 1% to 5% from 2008 levels, excluding the effects of currency. We will also face currency headwinds associated with a stronger U.S. dollar. Based on this sales forecast, earnings per share for the full year are expected to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.60. In this environment, we are operating our company in a disciplined manner. We are taking actions to concentrate on cost control and cash flow. Executing on the restructuring cost reduction program we announced in September, I am pleased to report that everything is on track. Executing our ongoing productivity actions, we are planning to hit the high end of our annual 3% to 4% cost productivity goal next year. Improving working capital and in particular inventory management, clamping down on headcount with only very selective hiring in key growth areas such as Asia Pacific and Latin America, reducing capital expenditures and taking an extremely tough look at all discretionary spending and building in some additional expense for fiscal year '09 to permit pay as you go cost reduction actions depending on how market conditions evolve in '09 and what it portends for fiscal 2010. Additionally, our strong balance sheet and consistency in generating free cashflow provides a real competitive advantage in difficult times like these. We have the flexibility to continue to invest in growth, strengthen our portfolio as well as make acquisitions, fund our current dividend, and repurchase shares as appropriate. At the same time we remain focused on executing our long-term strategy. Our financial strength combined with the diversification strategies we have been implementing over the last several years position us to outperform the market in these difficult conditions. We have invested in new technologies and applications and continue to expand our footprint beyond discreet control. We are successfully evolving in the plant-wide control, information, safety, and networks. At the same time we are increasing our solution delivery and service capabilities. We have increased our end market diversification and are better positioned in a greater number of end markets than before. And we remain committed to expanding our global footprint and presence in emerging markets. Before I turn it over to Ted to discuss Q4, the full year and 2009 outlook, I would like to conclude by saying, no one really knows what it will be like in 2009. What I do know, is that Rockwell Automation remains intensely focused on running its business day-to-day and executing on our growth and performance strategy. We have a solid seasoned management team who has the experience to deal with anything that comes our way and committed, talented employees who in combination with our partners are focused on customer success. We will remain flexible and control what we can control to the best of our ability. We remain committed to top line growth while maintaining best in class return. I am confident we will deal effectively with the current environment, we will emerge from this downturn an even stronger company, more competitive, and more successful than ever before. Now let me turn it over to Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Keith, and good morning. As Keith addressed the full year results on chart one my comments will start with chart two, the Q4 results summary. Starting at the top of the slide, revenue in the quarter with $1.484 billion an increase of 8% over 2007 that includes 5% organic growth, 1% growth contributable to acquisitions, and 2% due to the effects of currency translation. The contribution from acquisitions is lower in Q4 than in previous quarters this year. We acquired ICS Triplex at the beginning of Q4 last year, so in Q4 this year, ICS is in base. The 2% contribution from currency is down from 5% to 6% contribution in earlier quarters as the dollar gained significant strength in Q4. Segment operating earnings were $269 million, a decrease of 2% year-over-year reflecting primarily continued business mix and spending headwinds. Purchase accounting expense declined to $5 million in Q4. General corporate net was $24.5 million, up about $2 million from last year. The difference primarily relates to higher legal expenses partially offset by lower corporate staff expenses. At the end of Q4, we announced a restricting action intended to reduce costs in light of current and expected market conditions and a better aligned resources with what we now view as the best growth opportunities. We took a charge of approximately $51 million that was partially offset by a reversal of $4 million of severance accruals from our 2007 restructuring actions. The net charge was approximately $47 million that was roughly $30 million after tax or $0.21 per share. We expect the Q4 actions to generate about $75 million in savings in '09, growing to $85 million in fiscal '10, this will help to offset expected inflation in '09 and the annualization of expense increases to the current joint fiscal year '08. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was 28.9% compared to 29.2% for the fourth quarter of 2007. Earnings per share excluding special charges was $1.08, that is at the high end of the implied Q4 guidance we provided in July. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $145.1 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares at a cost of a $103.5 million and as of September 30th had 671 million available under our current $1 billion repurchase authorization. Moving to chart three, Q4 results for Rockwell Automation, as noted previously growth in the quarter was 8% year-over-year excluding the effects of currency translation, growth in the quarter was 6%, sales increased to 1% sequentially. In a few slides we will cover regional sales performance but I will note here, that this is was a very strong growth quarter for Asia Pacific and particularly our business in China. Moving to the earnings side of the chart, you'll see that segment earnings grew sequentially over Q3 but we're down 2% year-over-year. Segment operating margin in the quarter was 18.1% up 60 basis points from last quarter but down 200 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year. Similar to the past two quarters, the year-over-year decline is due primarily to increased investment spending put in place to support globalization and growth and revenue mix that has continued higher rates of growth in our lower margins solutions businesses than in our product businesses. The impact of acquisitions had a modest negative impact on margins and currency was actually slightly positive for the quarter. Please turn to chart four which summarizes the Q4 results of the architecture and software segment. Sales in Q4 were up 8% year-over-year, 6% including the effects of currency translation. Q4 was the highest organic growth quarter of the year for architecture and software. On a sequential basis sales declined about 1%. Operating margin was 22.9% down a 180 basis points sequentially and down 260 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year. The year-over-year decline is primarily due to increased investment spending that being offset by our original expectation of higher growth as well as the year-over-year impact of acquisitions. Chart five covers our controlled products and solutions segment. Sales in Q4 were up 8% year-over-year, that included 6% organic growth and 2% growth from currency translation. Sales were up 2% sequentially. This was a lower organic growth rate than earlier quarters but Q4 of 2007 was a difficult comparison. And all in all controlled products and solutions had a great year with full year organic growth of 9%. Operating margin expanded by 250 basis points sequentially to 14.7% but declined by a 150 basis points compared to last year. Q4 this year was the highest margin quarter and the decline versus last year was primarily due to business mix and increased spending including spending related to the globalization of our supply chain. The next chart, chart 6 shows a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. In the center column; you'll see the overall growth rates by region. I'm going to focus my comments on the far right column which shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. We saw growth of 3% in the U.S. this quarter, about in line with our expectations. Full year organic growth was 4%, a good result given the economic environment in the second half of the year. Canada grew 3% in the quarter and the full year organic growth was 5%. For the quarter, Latin American sales were up only 3% well below year-to-date levels. Q4 of '07 was a very strong quarter so it was a tough comparison and in addition, sales in the quarter were negatively impacted by a couple of large projects that pushed out to Q1. Orders in Latin America were up 16% year-over-year in Q4. And even with the low Q4 shipments growth Latin America delivered a robust 14% organic growth for the full year. In EMEA, sales were up 8% in the quarter that is partly due to very strong growth at IPS which as I mentioned is now rolled into the base, but even without IPS, EMEA was up 5%. Including acquisitions EMEA organic growth was 5% for the full year. That was below our expectations at the beginning of the year but we are pleased with the stronger results in Q4. As I mentioned earlier, Asia Pacific had another very strong quarter with 17% organic growth. CHINA delivered, continues to deliver great results with 39% organic growth this quarter and 30% organic growth for the full year. Again, this quarter we realized a good balance in global revenue mix with more than 50% of our sales outside the U.S. in spite of a lower revenue benefit from currency translations this quarter. Please turn to chart 7, Q4 results free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $197 million and $458 million year-to-date. If we add back the Q4 restructuring charge to net income, that's 126% conversion in Q4 and 75% conversion year-to-date. That latter result is consistent with the high end of the cash flow conversion guidance that we provided last quarter. We're not pleased with the full year conversion performance. As we discussed last quarter the shortfall was primary in two areas, working capital and the timing of tax payments. As you can see on the slide, working capital was a use of cash for the full year of $141 million but we did turn the corner on working capital in Q4 and made some good progress with regard to inventory. We are committed to continuing to improve working capital management throughout next year and we are also expecting a more normal tax expense versus tax payments outcome in fiscal year '09. Now please turn the chart 8. We've often talked about the importance we have placed on maintaining a strong balance sheet. Given the recent turmoil in the credit markets, I thought it might be helpful to discuss some key elements of our capital structure. We ended fiscal year '08 with a strong balance sheet and in a good position regarding liquidity. Our debt-to-total capital ratio is 37% and our net debt-to-total capital ratio is only 20%. We've strong coverage ratios and dividend as a percent of free cash flow was 37% this past year. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $582 million and our short term debt was $100 million. Our $600 million revolving credit facility matures on October '09 and we're in active discussion with our bank group on renewing the facility, we don't anticipate any issues with renewing that facility this year. Our long-term debt maturities are well distributed. We think we locked into some pretty good rates last November on $500 million of 10 and 30 year debt and our first maturity of long-term debt doesn't occur until 2017. From a balance sheet point of view, we believe we're well positioned, to weather more difficult market conditions and as Keith pointed out, to do so with some significant flexibility. Now, please turn to chart 9 for a summary of how we're thinking about headwinds and tailwinds, as we head into 2009. We see some important revenue headwinds. Each spoke to the credit market situation and what appears to be continuing deterioration and relevant macro economic indicators. We expect to see deteriorating market conditions as we move into next year. Specifically, we believe we will see declining demand in North America and Western Europe but we expect to see market growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America, but at substantially lower rates in some of the cases this past year. Also related to revenue headwinds, the recent strengthening of the dollar has been dramatic especially against selective currencies. If rates are staying at current levels, we will experience a significant top line headwind. And dropping to earnings headwinds, at present currency rates and mix of rates, we believe we will also experience a somewhat higher conversion on translation sales creating an unfavorable margin impact. We also see earnings headwinds related to our business mix and inflation. Regarding business mix we expect to continue to see higher rates of growth in our solutions businesses. We base this in part on an expectation that emerging market will continue to grow faster than the mature markets and that we will continue to see better relative market conditions and resource based industries. Both tend to have higher solutions content. Inflation is not as great a headwind as we would have expected just a few months ago. Commodity prices of these considerably recently but we will still face some material cost increases compared to the average of last year and we will have to deal with inflation and wages and benefits. We believe we have some tailwinds regarding earnings including it is a good momentum in our productivity programs. The savings we will get from the Q4 restructuring actions and EPS will benefit year-over-year from reduced share count. That brings us to chart 10, fiscal year '09 guidance. For fiscal year '09 as Keith mentioned we are expecting a revenue decline excluding currency effects of between 1% and 5%. Acquisitions which occurred in fiscal year '08 have a very small impact on fiscal year '09 growth rates and we have not included any revenue in these projections from acquisitions that may occur in fiscal year '09. So, you can think of this basically as organic growth. We are assuming that currency effects will reduce sales next year by about 5%. Including currency effects we are expecting revenues to be down between 6% and 10% year-over-year. We expect operating margins at a range of 15% to 16.5%. That assumes the business mix impact of a bit less than one point year-over-year. It also assumes a negative impact due to currency effects of about half a point. And we have assumed additional expense next year for pay as you go actions that maybe necessary to continue to adjust the cost structure as the market conditions continue to evolve. Those pay as you go expenses account for another roughly half point reduction in margin. We expect the tax rate in the range of 26% to 28% next year. We expect an average share count next year of about a 142 million shares and we expect diluted EPS in the range of $3.10 to $3.60. We expect free cash flow conversion of about 90%. Now that includes the roughly $50 million of cash outlays related to the Q4 of fiscal year '08 restructuring actions. Excluding that, conversion would be about a 100%. And at this time, I'll turn us back over to Rondi to start the Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Bob Cornell, representing Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Hey, good morning everybody.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Bob.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Interesting times. I have two questions. I guess the first is to ask you to expand on the comment you made about not yet seeing the adverse impact of the market downturn in your orders. I mean is that through September and the supporting period Keith, or is that through November, or I mean maybe to expand on that point, and I have one another question?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely Bob. That comment is basically through October. And certainly we're very cautious as we go forward, but we actually built a backlog in October. And we have not seen significant changes in the front log in the majority of our solutions and services businesses and quotation activity remains unchanged. What we have seen is there has been a few order cancellations from the backlog in the last half of October, but we had a good order month and as I said the total backlog was up. And certainly our greatest concern right now is really the economic indicators and what that is foretelling and what it fortends for the future.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Got it. We'll find out in 6 months or so. The other question is in articulating, you haven't had a chance to articulate actually what you are targeting with the 50 million restructuring, you started out the year with a higher growth rate of expected for A&S, didn't come in as high, maybe it articulate, which verticals, which geographies didn't quite meet expectations? And what the restructuring is actually targeted to accomplish?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Where did we not perform where we thought? I would say the biggest shortfall was in Europe. And while we liked the exiting of the year, certainly we felt that our performance throughout the year was not at the levels we expected. And basically was about half of what we expected at the start of the year. The biggest and from a geographic standpoint I would say that's where our biggest challenge was. And quite candidly within Europe, we had positives and negatives. So when I say Europe, I am treating it as a broad brush, but we had some very strong performance but unfortunately that was offset with numerous underperforming --
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: That CompactLogix that didn't come true?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, CompactLogix grew well in Europe. I think the biggest activities there were some of the economic declines. And then, as we said at the last call, some of our execution aspects in certain countries not across the Board. But CompactLogix was strong and certainly we felt improved as the year went on. And we did some specific targeting for CompactLogix where we did some good opportunities of bundling the products, creating the logistics requirements and capabilities to meet the growing needs and the specific needs of the OEM's in Europe. So, I think the team there did a good job of targeting for CompactLogix success as we went through the year. If you look at the other aspects of where the cost actions were taken, it was really... I mean, other than a couple of areas just to do some rebalancing, the other areas were in the evolution of our sales model where we really went to a more segmented selling model and we've accelerated some of the execution of that strategy, I would say, accelerated to the end gain model which is more segmented and more direct selling people calling on customers and less indirect people supporting the customers. And we could do that because we... as I've said went to a more segmented model. And so what we did was rebalance some of the sales organization around the world, as we evolve that model that we've been talking about now for about two years. And in fact, in the pilots that we ran in the U.S. with that model, we had some very good success throughout the year. So, we're very excited about how that positions us for the future. But we needed to, because we did not see the revenue growth particularly in A&S. We needed to accelerate to the end gain in that evolution of the selling model. I would say those were the greatest areas of impact with the restructuring.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you. I will pass the baton, thank you.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Bob. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Baliotti, representing FTN Midwest Securities. Please proceed.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Actually a question for Ted and question for Keith. Ted, first, you guys talked about the charge back in October and the expected benefit, are you offsetting that? Are you planning on offsetting that in '09 with additional charge, is that maybe, can you quantify that?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, John. I'm not sure we have said offsetting with additional charges. We took the $15 million charge at the end of September so that it goes into the fourth quarter.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Right.
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have also provided for in this guidance about $25 million of "pay as you go" charges that we would expect to incur over fiscal year '09 to kind of continue to address and adjust the cost structure?
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay, the 25 is a full year number?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay and Keith, one question is as CP&S had been growing faster during the year or at various periods, I guess part of the theory is that that would exceed an increase to our installed base. So it exceeds some new customers for higher margin after market business. Is there any expectation or is there any sign that you would see any of that in 2009?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No John, but first you are absolutely right. That's why we talk very strongly about the positive aspects of growing our solutions businesses. It's just what you've said. It exceeds an installed base that becomes very sticky as times goes on. But that is a multi-year process and we will not see the benefits of that in 2009 and quite candidly nor really in 2010.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay, and just would you mind in the past you have run down some of your larger end markets and kind of talked about, either growth rates or just body language of what you are seeing, would you have a quick second to go through that?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, let's talk about the fourth quarter first and then how were thinking about '09. In the fourth quarter we had a very strong growth or above average Rockwell growth in oil and gas. At about the average we had, actually we had global auto at about the... automotive at about that. Slightly below would have been the food and beverage, the consumer products, home and personal care. And then the lowest performance was really in life sciences and also U.S. auto. The Detroit up three auto was significantly below the Rockwell average. If we progress out in '09, we believe oil and gas will continue to be strong but lower, not at the levels that it was this year but higher than the Rockwell average. Food and beverage and home and personal care, I think you will see that these are the ones that we expect to be more consistent, more stable and therefore at our leverage and helping us as it will turnout to minimize the decline that we mentioned. And we certainly believe that automotive is going to get worse. Detroit automotive is going to get worse. And previously we had said we thought it was at a stable point. I think given what you've seen in the last couple of days and/or weeks, the U.S. automotive industry and market is going through a very, very difficult time. And that will impact our business and global auto will slow. And I think you've seen probably some of the announcements from Toyota and others where they are revaluating their growth investments throughout the other geographies, including emerging market investments. And we also believe that Life Sciences will remain tough. One that we normally don't talk about but because it's part of our global portfolio at the end of the day, the steel industry we believe, metals markets will be tough next year. You've already seen the pronouncement by China of reducing production by 20% and Macau reducing output in the mid 30% to 35%. So, I think that's going to be a tougher, much tougher market for us going forward as well.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, John.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Nicole Dibotto - Deutsche Bank: This is actually Nicole Dibotto asking questions on Nigel's behalf. I had just a couple for you. You obviously have a very strong balance sheet, can you just comment on your free cash flow deployment plans going into 2009?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think our... really there is no difference in our cash deployment priorities. It's investing in organic growth, making catalytic small, bolt on acquisitions and after that it is returning any excess free cash flow to our shareholders. We will do that obviously first in maintaining our dividend and secondly, any excess will be used to repurchase shares and obviously that will be the discretionary aspect as we see the markets unfold. And we're very pleased to have the strength of that balance sheet in today's markets to be able to actually do all of that and still maintain very strong credit ratings.
Nicole Dibotto - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. And could you just comment on growth and your Logix business versus Legacy PLC?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Be happy to. As we mentioned that we had a very strong growth in this quarter in Logix which was 15% as it turned out, and 12% for the year. In Legacy sales, Legacy sales were down 11% in Q4 and 12% in 2008 and that is a little higher than what we have been talking about with our longer term expectation of 8% to 10%. But yet, if you look at the total processor sales, they were up 7%, almost 7% for the quarter and that was the highest for the year. So, we're seeing a pickup in performance as we went through the year across our processor, our combined processor business.
Nicole Dibotto - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek representing Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Hi good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Keith, just to build on your last comments with processors so strong in 4Q, it seems like the margin in the architecture and software business was the weakest of the years. So what was the offset there if overall processors were strong?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think... I think a couple of things; one, we continue to see the same spending impact that we had previously in the year. We have not cut back on all of those investments and then secondly, also a little more impact of acquisitions and certainly the... we are seeing more of the integration of CEDES and Incuity that impacted the quarter more as they rolled more strongly into the organization in that quarter. So, I would identify those two Mark as really what's driving the A&S margin performance.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, and my real question was really to ask about '09 expectations across geographies, if you could kind of handicap strongest to weakest and then also A&S versus CP&S?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely, let's start with the geographies first. If we look at the U.S., we think the U.S. will be about 2 to 3 points lower than the Rockwell Automation range that we gave. We believed that Canada likewise will be 2 to 3 points below the average range. EMEA likewise two the three points below. Asia Pacific, we expect to be mid to high single digit growth. Latin America likewise, mid to high single growth. And these are now all against the organic rate numbers of minus 1 to minus 5%. If we look at A&S and CP&S, I think it is important... why don't I talk maybe the easiest way to talk about that is to talk about our products businesses and our solutions businesses. And basically products businesses is all of A&S and roughly 40% of CP&S. So, if we look at our product businesses we expect our products businesses to be 2 to 3 points below the Rockwell Automation percentage and we expect our solutions business to have low single digit growth next year. So, that gives you a little more flavor and color behind the minus 1 to minus 5 organic decline in our revenue.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Great that's pretty helpful, thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Douglas representing Longbow Research, please proceed.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: Hi, can you give an indication of where software is performing recently, has that in particularly been hit yet with anticipated declines in CapEx versus solutions and products?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, software is a very broad portfolio for us. So, let me try to split it up a little. The majority of our software business today is really associated a lot with our automation product. And those automation products would be the PLC, SLC in our visualization. And so, that software moves at about the same pace as our controller business and as our visualization business moves. The software which is the information software is more tightly associated with, I think when you were getting that solution businesses and that's a business now that we've been investing in and we're starting to develop the portfolio to be able to do more and more of the plan for application. And that business is growing very rapidly but it's a small total percent of our... it's the smallest part of our software business today. But now we're now evolved with that in a number of key industries particularly life science, automotive and consumer goods industry and we're starting to create that pipeline and the pilots that are required to grow that. And specifically we have not seen any decline in the customer interest or activity in that portion of our business yet. It is a part of our portfolio that is very important to customer productivity and is also of capable of helping them reduce a lot of their legacy costs and legacy maintenance of existing software systems. So, currently, no impact and we're looking for that to be a part of our positive growth activities of next year.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: Okay, great. Thank you. And finally, can you go a little bit more into Logix, I mean you mentioned the CompactLogix was doing well in Europe, can you flush other areas where you saw the really strong growth in Logix?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think we're seeing it in a couple of areas. You mentioned the one in Europe. I would say in general where we see the greatest growth in Logix is at OEMs and in that CompactLogix family. That is the area that is growing substantially. We are seeing in quarter four CompactLogix grew 22% and as I said, that is really about share gains at OEMs. If the other area that I would identify that we are seeing good growth with Logix is in the process industries and that continues as I mentioned earlier process group of the year over 20% without acquisitions and certainly that continues to be important. We have just released towards the end of the year, late summer we introduced the next functionality and release what we would call version 17 of our software for Logix and we also released some additional low end processors that really extend below, it gives us another price point in the CompactLogix family and we think that will help more at OEMs, give us a better match for some of the simpler machines, and some of the functionality in 17 we believe augment and adds to our capabilities in the process space. So really as we grow Logix, it's about OEMs and it's about the ability to address more and more of the process applications. So we continue to grow faster than the market in Logix and we believe we continue to take share.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: Great, thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations: Okay, operator we'll take one last caller.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Mark Penki, representing Newburger Burman. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you for taking my call first of all. Keith, in the course of the presentation you've made several comments regarding current order rates looking reasonably solid and but you expect really a contraction in the second half, can you sort of walk through how you see the year progressing sequentially in terms of the business?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean first of all I guess Mark, we don't really give a quarterly guidance. But I will just expand a little on my earlier comments that I believe the second half of the year will be tougher and why do I believe that, well a couple of reasons one, just our current intake and orders are performing similar to what they did in the fourth quarter. So, we haven't seen as we have gone through October a significant change. How we see it going out in the longer term is it's clear that the economies have slowed in all regions of the world and if you look at that, if you look at every projection over the last three to six months they've always, the net forecast has always dropped. So we're anticipating that that will come and play out particularly as we go into calendar 2009. The other aspect of this is, we see that the OEMs and the projects that we're working, those have a visibility that says they'll be strong for us into calendar 2009, but the tone at our customers that are telling us to be cautious as we look further out. And we believe as they do their capital spending budget for 2009 which will become more real inside their organization after January 1st that we are hearing and the tone of our customers is more cautious than its previously been and so that combination of macroeconomic whether it be including sentiment, indicators, the fact that the consumer spending has dropped dramatically in the last two months in the U.S. and in Western Europe, that we believe that will ultimately bleed over into the capital expenditures in our markets and really, that is what is causing us to have less optimism as fiscal year 2009 unfolds for us Mark.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. A couple of questions for Ted regarding some of the details of the guidance that was provided, could you speak to tax rate, interest expense, and corporate expense?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, on tax rate, we said 26% to 28% which would be down a little bit from this year and that's basically a consequence of lower income levels and kind of the mix of income globally. On interest expense, Mark, not a significant change from fiscal year '08. And on GCN probably a little higher or equal to or a little bit higher than '08.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Is that driven by legal expense or something else in there?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say legal expense was one element of that. GCN tends to be a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and your own CapEx budget?
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What we are targeting is to be about 15% below this year and this year was about a $150 million, this year meaning '08.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome Martin.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President of Investor Relations: Okay. So, we're ready to end today's call but before we do that, what I'd like to do is just say that we're hoping you are able to join us for our investor conference at Automation Fair which is in Nashville on November 19th. If you need any more information about logistics or anything just please contact me and we'll help you get set up for that. So we are hoping that you can join us for that and thanks for joining us today and that concludes today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect. Good day. .

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - IR Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, CEO Ted Crandall - CFO, Sr. VP
Analysts: Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Stephen Tusa, Jr. - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Rondi Rohr-Dralle. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, Please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Investor Relations: With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith followed by Ted's review of the quarter. We will as always leave time at the end of the call to take your questions and ask that you self limit to two questions to allow broader participation. We expect the call today to take about one hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections, due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. With that I will turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rondi, and good morning to everyone who joined us on today's call. Let me start by commenting on our results this quarter and then provide an assessment of our current situation and conclude with a few comments about the balance of the year. For the quarter we delivered solid topline growth despite slower growth in the U.S. and in Europe. Revenues grew 15% to nearly $1.5 billion. Growth was particularly strong in Asia. Emerging Asia grew 30%, 26% organic, Latin America grew 19%, all organic. We continue to benefit from our increasing global presence, particularly in emerging markets. We also continued solid growth in our key process initiative, as well as the oil and gas vertical, which grew an excess of 30%. Logix returned to double-digit growth, in line with our expectations. We achieved the performance targets of our acquisitions, ICS Triplex and Pavilion. CEDES and Incuity are coming online and we expect positive results. We continue the ongoing globalization of our business illustrated by the fact that half of our sales came from outside the U.S. again. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.03, somewhat above the Q3 guidance we provided last month. We experienced a strong finish, particularly in product shipments during the last week of June. Although EPS and operating margins grew sequentially, they were lower than last year largely driven by mix, that is continued slower growth in our higher margin product businesses and increased investment spending to support globalization and growth. In addition to mix and investment spending, margins were also impacted by acquisitions and foreign currency. Although I am pleased with organic growth in excess of 6%, I was not completely satisfied with our margin performance in this quarter. This is an area that we need to improve, as the success of our business model requires that we drive growth and performance simultaneously. Now let me shift gears and provide an overview of our current situation assessment and make some closing comments about the balance of the year. We are operating in a bifurcated world economy, where buoyant growth in emerging markets coincides with sluggish growth in developed countries. Our business is still growing, due to investments we have made to diversify our revenue base, including growing our business outside of the U.S., expanding our footprint beyond discrete control, evolving in the plant-wide control, safety and information and developing new vertical and OEM markets to serve a broader set of customer applications. We continue to experience strong growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Unfortunately, the macroeconomic conditions are weakening in our two largest markets, the U.S. and Europe. The situation is also mixed as it relates to vertical markets. We have begun to see a change in buying behavior by some of our customers in consumer-related industries, including project delays and curtailed capital spending. We continue to see strong customer demand for our products, services and solutions in the resource-based industry globally, particularly oil and gas. This contrasts with the recent weakness we have experienced in the Life Sciences industry and the increased turmoil we are now seeing in the U.S. automotive industry. We are operating in a tougher and more challenging economic environment. Our outlook for the remainder of the year calls for continued strength in Asia and Latin America, continued strength in resource-based end markets, flat-to-low single digit organic growth rates in the U.S. and mid single-digit organic growth in EMEA, primarily due to a very strong growth from our ICS Triplex acquisition. Based on the above outlook, we expect to achieve the following full year results. Revenue growth of 9% to 10%, excluding the impact of currency. EPS of $4.00 to $4.10. Looking forward, we will continue to monitor market conditions and the potential impact on global customer demand. Our existing cost structure and level of spending assume the different mix than we are currently experiencing. As a result, we are taking steps to control costs and to align spending with our growth, while funding continued investment in areas that support growth such as emerging Asia, Latin America, process and information software, and enhancing our technology leadership. Finally, we are evaluating additional actions to bring our costs down in the current business environment with a view towards rebalancing spending, as well as positioning ourselves to address potential contraction, should it materialize. We remain committed to executing our growth and performance strategy while continuing to invest in our core technologies and the globalization of our business. We continue to believe these investments in technology leadership, expanded serve markets and a stronger global presence are creating more worldwide opportunities for growth than ever before. We have healthy businesses with solid market position. We have a team that knows how to execute productivity and equally important, how to invest during tough times so that we are better positioned to accelerate out the other side. We look forward to showing you firsthand, how well-positioned we are to take advantage of the power of the evolving technology convergence trend and what it can do for our customers at our Automation Fair on Wednesday, November 19th, in Nashville, including our approach to sustainable production to make customers operations cleaner, safer and more energy-efficient. In short, how we are building a more valuable company. I remain confident in our ability to deliver superior results and create long-term value for our shareholders. Now let me turn it over to Ted to give you more details on our performance. Ted?
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Thanks Keith, and good morning to all on the call. We posted charts to our website, my comments will reference those charts. On chart 1, Q3 results summary. Starting at the top of the slide, revenues in the quarter was $1,475 million, an increase of 15% over 2007. That includes 6% organic growth, 4% growth attributable to acquisitions and 5% due to the effects of currency translation. Segment operating earnings were $258 million, up sequentially, but a decrease of 2% year-over-year, reflecting continued business mix and spending headwinds. Purchase accounting expense increased $2.5 million year-over-year, due to acquisitions made over the past 12 months, including ICS Triplex and Pavilion Technologies, and in this quarter, Incuity and CEDES. General corporate net was $21.9 million, up about $4.5 million from last year. The difference primarily relates to $5 million of interest income in Q3 of last year, earned on the proceeds from the sale of power systems. For Q4, we expect general corporate net to be slightly higher than Q3. Interest expense was $16.6 million, up $2.8 million from last year. The second quarter effective tax rate was 28.5%, in the middle of the range of our 28% to 29% guidance for fiscal year '08. In Q2 last year, the comparable tax rate was 26.2%. EPS was $1.03, as Keith noted, somewhat above our outlook in the June 25th announcement due to a strong finish, particularly in product shipments in the last week of the quarter. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $148.1 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares at a cost of $57.4 million and as of June 30th still had $775 million available under our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization. We have been active in the market since the end of June under a 10B-5-1 plan purchasing an additional 1.4 million shares at a cost of about $60 million. That leaves $715 million remaining under the authorization. Moving to chart 2, Q3 results Rockwell Automation. As noted previously, growth in the quarter was 15% year-over-year, excluding the effects of currency translation, growth in the quarter was 10%. Sales increased 5% sequentially with roughly the same sequential growth in both segments. Strong growth in Asia and Latin America helped offset slower-than-expected growth in Europe and the U.S. Moving to the earnings side of the chart, you'll see that segment earnings were down 2% year-over-year, but grew sequentially over Q2. Operating margin in the quarter was 17.5%, up 40 basis points from last quarter, but down three basis points from the third quarter of last year. We did have particularly strong margin performance in Q3 of 2007. The largest factor in the decline was increased investment spending to support globalization and growth. This was closely followed by revenue mix. That is, continued higher rates of growth in our solutions versus product businesses. The impact of acquisitions and foreign currency also contributed to the year-over-year decline. Although not displayed on the chart, our trailing four-quarter return on investment capital was 24.5%, up 8% -- 0.8 percentage points versus the prior year. Please turn to Chart 3 now which summarizes Q3 results from the architecture and software segment. Sales in Q3 were up 7% year-over-year, 2%, excluding the effects of currency translation. On a sequential basis, sales were up 4%. Operating margin was 24.7%, up 130 basis points from Q2, but down 360 basis points from the third quarter of last year. Lower-than-anticipated organic growth and increased investment spending were the main contributors to the reduction. This segment is the primary focus area for the technology and growth investments that we have previously discussed. Q3 last year was the highest margin quarter for architecture and software segment and the year-over-year impact of acquisitions also reduced margins by above [ph] 50 basis points. Chart four covers our Control Products and Solutions segment. Sales in Q3 were up 22% year-over-year. That included 11% organic growth, 6% attributable to acquisitions and 5% due to the effects of currency translation. Sales were up 5% sequentially. This is another very good quarter for growth in this segment, again with particularly strong growth in the Solutions businesses. Operating margin declined slightly on a sequential basis, but declined by 180 basis points, year-over-year to 12.2%. The year-over-year decline is due primarily to the mix impact of higher solutions business growth, as well as impacts from currency and investment spending. The next chart, chart five shows a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. In the center column you'll see overall growth rates by region and the far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. We saw growth of 6% in the U.S. this quarter, excluding currency and acquisitions U.S. organic growth was 4%. This compares to organic growth of 7%, last quarter and 5%, year-to-date. As we mentioned in the pre-announcement, we did experience lower-than-expected growth in May and June in our U.S. business. We are attributing this to project delays and consumer-related industries and both lower MRO spending and project delays in U.S. automotive. We now expect flat sales in our product businesses in the U.S. for the balance of the year roughly stable with Q3. Canada grew 9% in the quarter, about 8% organically. This is the strongest growth quarter of the year in Canada, primarily due to a large project in the Oil Sands region. We are expecting to finish the year with mid single-digit organic growth. For the quarter, Latin America sales were up 19%. Our business continues to benefit from the strength of resource-based industries as well as great execution in this region. We expect the full-year organic growth in this region to be in the mid-to-high teens. In EMEA, sales were up 13% in the quarter, excluding currency impact. Excluding acquisitions, EMEA organic growth was only 2% and year-to-date organic growth was about 4%. This is well below our expectations coming into the year and we are now expecting to end the year in Europe with about 4% organic growth for the full year. Asia-Pacific had a strong growth quarter, with sales up 20%, excluding currency effects and 17% organic growth. China had great results this quarter with over 30% organic growth. Organic growth in Asia has accelerated every quarter this year and we expect a strong finish in Q4. Again this quarter, we realized a good balance in global revenue mix. For the year-to-date we have about half of our sales coming from outside the U.S. Now please turn to chart six, which is free cash flow walk. Free cash flow for the quarter was $151 million and $261 million, year-to-date. That's about 100% conversion in Q3, but only 58% conversion, year-to-date. We are targeting higher conversion in Q4 than Q3, but expect to reach only 70% to 75% conversion for the full year. The shortfall is primarily in two areas, working capital, which accounts for about half the shortfall and tax-related items, which account for about one-third of the shortfall. In working capital, the largest factor is inventory. As we discussed in previous quarters, we deliberately built some inventory this year in order to preserve customer service during our SAP implementations. When you couple that with the organization needing to learn new inventory planning processes, it has proven challenging for us to bring inventories down from the higher levels. We continued to see inventory grow in Q3, although at a lower rate than Q1 and Q2. We expect to turn that around in Q4 and begin to reduce inventory, but with only one quarter to go we no longer expect to get back to our original inventory targets by year-end. With regard to taxes, earlier this year we expected a normal tax benefit from the exercise of stock options which given current share prices has not materialized. This represents the majority of the tax impact. The balance's other income tax payment is somewhat higher this year than we originally projected, primarily a timing issue. Capital expenditures were $43 million in Q3, and we expect CapEx in Q4 to be at about the same level. I'll close my comments with chart seven, which summarizes our full-year guidance for revenue, EPS and free cash flow. My comments about full-year guidance now reflect the impact of CEDES and Incuity acquisitions that we closed in Q3. We expect these to be mildly dilutive due to purchase accounting and integration costs. With the revenue growth assumptions, we're expecting about 9% to 10% growth, excluding currency for the full year. We expect currency to add about five points to the full-year growth rate. Year-to-date segment operating margin is just under 18% and we expect full year results to be at about that same level. We continue to expect the full-year tax rate in the range of 28% to 29%. And we are providing EPS guidance of between $4.00 and $4.10 for the full year of fiscal 2008. With that I'll turn it over to Rondi to begin Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Investor Relations: Okay. Kedy, we are ready to open the line for questions now. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Bob Cornell from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hi, everybody.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Bob.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hi, I guess... the first question is after the prior... the March quarter you guys talked about having it done by a pretty in-depth role through a look in the second half and then we got the pre-announcement, maybe you could calibrate us on what really changes, I mean, what happened relative to the walk and how might you change that view of business in the future to prevent so it might just happen again?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: I guess two... a couple of areas changed from what we had anticipated in the previous quarter. First and most significant was Europe. And in Europe, the major changes were the customers that had been indicating higher second-half orders basically those did not materialize. And in fact, in some cases they've reduced their order intake based upon, I would say the changing... either the changing economic environment in Europe, or their concern about the economic environment and therefore delays in, I'll just say in approvals of previously expected projects. I think that's probably the largest issue in Europe, we also saw in Europe, some project delays particularly in the consumer industries, and we saw some distributor push-outs in a couple of countries where we have distributor representation... a distribution representation model. So, I think, those were the key areas in Europe. With respect to the U.S, there we did not see the anticipated increase in the ANF [ph] sales that we expected, and I believe there is really two major areas for that. One the Life Sciences industry in particularly Big Pharma is going through a tougher period and they are pulling back some of their spending. And secondly, the U.S. Automotive, I think they got hit with the continual rapid increase in gas prices and really changed their outlook and their strategy going forward with respect to the large vehicle and truck markets and announced more plant closings. They also, in some cases, had a strike that impacted some of their supply chain and so I believe their spending was halted in both projects and in MRO replacement markets, given their financial situations. And... so I would say those are the major areas that impacted what we had expected to happen in the second half of the year. And Bob, your final element of the question was what are we doing to improve upon that?
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: It's tough. I mean, we had been doing a much more thorough analysis than we historically had been doing. And yes, I think when you get these economic impacts and changes, some industries are able to react and do react very quickly, independent of what the commentary was to us, say 30 days to 60 days earlier. So, I think, it's going to be a continual challenge, we've learned a couple of things, we've learned how to... how to anticipate some of the project related activities, but at the end of the day, I guess, I would say, there is still an element of our business that is... that given the short cycle nature of it is at risk for quick changes in buyer behavior from our customer base and there's probably really not much we can do to that to mention even as we continue to get better in our ability to analyze the data and interpret the... and interpret the buying philosophy of our customers.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: I got it. One final thought though Keith, you mentioned that the final week or two of June was a positive, did that extend into July or was that just a one or two week spurt?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: No. Basically that we have seen July be at the same level as I'll say all of June. I don't want to... the high level that we saw at the end of the month, no, that did not continue. But we have seen no additional deterioration from the June... total June run rate and when we pre-announced, it was a lot weaker in that first half of the month. So, I would say, we believe the second... the last week stabilized at a run rate that basically is what we're seeing in July to date and certainly why, Ted identified the fact that we expect the fourth quarter to be at the third quarter run rate, so getting where we are at [inaudible]... in products, I'm sorry.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you guys.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Your next question comes from the line of John Baliotti from FTN Midwest Securities. Please proceed.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Keith, just a follow on Bob's question. Is there any... you mentioned that April is good, May was not and then you didn't see the pickup in June till the end. Is there any dynamic that you can take-away... any kind of conclusions to why late June picked up from the beginning of June and May?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Unfortunately John, the reason... that was a pretty short timeframe and to be candid we were surprised that we saw a vast dramatic of an up tick in such a short period of time, which I think speaks to the volatility of the nature of our products businesses because of all the different market access mechanisms and routes to the customer that these products go. So, we've not been able to identify any specific or any number of reasons for that type of a turn in a short period of time. So --.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Yes because I guess sometimes people would thing like in technology companies that there is a surge at the end because they get a lot of discounts to get the product out to make the quarter, but it doesn't seem like your margins would reflect that?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We... our margin performance this quarter was strictly mix. We did not have any incentives, inducements or pricing specials or mechanism that created that demand at the end of the quarter and of the month. It was strictly... it was strictly the momentum, previously that was the buildup. But, nothing that we did to accelerate or to influence buying behavior in the second half of the month.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: John just to clarify though... really what happened in this last six days was a combination of surprisingly strong product orders, particularly in the U.S., but also somewhat better backlog reduction in both products and solutions than we originally expected. So it wasn't just demand.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Ted, on a quarterly basis you mentioned that you are spending for future growth and I... I'm not sure that you are ready to give a number as to what that was quarterly or someway to put that in perspective, but maybe even later in the year, I think it might be helpful to give us a sense because you're talking about how you can adjust that really discretionary... discretionary basis to affect to take July taken into account changing dynamics, but is there any way, maybe down the road that you could give us a sense of the level of impact that has at least for the year or maybe on a quarterly basis?
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Well, I believe we can down the road, but I would say not all of this spending would be classified as discretionary. We have slowed and controlled the discretionary spending, the past... probably the past two months now we've been controlling discretionary spending. The increase that we've been talking about and we've been talking about it for the majority of the year now is, is really around that the globalization of our business, and particularly we are refoot [ph] printing our supply chain, that is adding cost as you know and as we've been doing for a number of years. We are implementing a new business system. This year will be the peak year in that spending and then we need to spend just to support the growth in the new area. In particular, you've heard now three very solid quarters of growth in Asia and in emerging Asia, China and really three years of growth in Latin America. And so some of our spending is required there to continue to build infrastructure and continue to build capabilities as we grow at the fast rate. So, that we're growing in those regions. And then, yes, there is an element of our spending that is... so more of the customer facing sales expenditures for the growing markets. The fact that we're growing in process, which is new for us. The fact that we're growing in information solutions, which is new for us and then a couple of new verticals and OEMs are focus that we have. So, spending is going up to support those new expanded served markets, new geographies and new customer segments that we're going after. And then finally, the increase in spending that we have put in place to continue to grow our core technologies. So it's a combination of those to mention John and obviously when we started doing that we expected a little different business mix and while we are guided at the start of the year that we would not see any margin growth this year, but in fact now we're seeing a degradation of the margins simply because of the overall mix.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Right. And I guess that's consistently what you're talking, when Ted was mentioning that higher solutions contribution in CP&S is consistent with the fact that you're growing as strong as you are in the emerging markets. And I guess the fact that they don't have the infrastructure or the network that you have in areas... more mature like North America?
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: And probably more importantly the average contribution margin in solutions is just not what it is in the product business.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Right.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: There's nothing wrong with growth in solutions, we love it.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Right.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: But it can't make-up for not getting the growth on the product side.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Okay John, I just want to do follow up on something around [inaudible] we are on what we're doing. You know with plant, what we have done to kind of manage this pressure on expenses immediately is we have flat on headcount performing highly selective higher end now in key growth areas examples would be Asia-Pacific and Latin America were obviously continue to see good growth opportunities.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Well significantly we do [inaudible] questionnaire spending. These are somewhat temporary measures to contain spending in Q4, beyond that we have started very careful analysis of our spending levels in all businesses and function with an [inaudible] rebalancing our spending to ensure both the decline with kind and what we believe of perspective business levels but also [inaudible] were we see the growth opportunities now in a changing environment.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Understood. Okay, thank you.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Hey John, I just wanted to follow-up on something around cost control, we're clear on what we're doing. We've clamped... what we've done to kind of manage discretionary expenses immediately is, we've clamped down on headcount with only highly selective higher-end now in key growth areas. Examples would, be Asia-Pacific and Latin America, where obviously we continue to see good growth opportunity. We significantly reduced travel and other discretionary spending. Now, these are somewhat temporary measures to contain spending in Q4. Beyond that, we started a very careful analysis of our spending levels in all businesses and functions with an eye toward rebalancing our spending to ensure, both of it's aligned with current and what we believe our perspective business levels, but also that it's aligned with where we see the growth opportunities now in a changing environment.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. Thanks Ted.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek from Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Hi, good morning.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Good morning Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: I am... just actually one thought about this hiccup in late June. I am wondering if there is any merit to some pull forward of demand, given that you announced a price increase right at the end of the quarter which seemed to be a little bit larger for '09 and what you folks typically do with rationale of course being the commodity cost inflation that everyone is experiencing, do you think there was any element of that?
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: No Mark, there was none, because that was not announced at the end of the quarter. That was... and in fact that has not been announced to our customers as of yet. That is now just being two... little over a week ago, that was communicated to our channel, and now our channel and our sales organization needs to put in place the mechanisms to make sure that that is properly communicated to our customers and that will occur in the August time frame. So, any pickup that will come from the price increase will not occur until probably the September timeframe, if any.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Maybe August.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Yes. Late August or September, if any.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. The real question I wanted to ask you is just to review the processor business with regard to the overall Logix sales as a component of the total, and then the growth initiatives which are certainly processes in there and then safety and information of course are not necessarily process, I mean, processor, but you could touch on those as well.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Okay. Let me talk to large extent the total processor business. As I said in my comments, Logix got back to double-digit, 10% growth for the quarter, and we're very pleased with that in particular given the lack of performance... I should say the lack of growth in EMEA and the U.S., we still managed to grow Logix quite dramatically, and in fact in Asia-Pacific, it was up over 30% and in Latin America, up over 40%. So, we are feeling better about Logix at this point in time. You made a good point Mark, and that is what about total processors, we saw in the quarter a higher than expected decline in our legacy PLC business. As you know, we plan that around 8% to 10%, for the quarter it was 14% [ph]. And so that was another drag on the overall ANS performance and one of the reasons we had such a small organic growth. So, we're continuing to see the degradation of the legacy systems, a little stronger this quarter. I think part of that quite frankly is an indication of the continued turmoil in the automotive industry that's occurring presently and so therefore higher cannibalization of that install base. With respect to the growth initiatives and in particular process, process was a... we had a very successful quarter, as you know, that's our [inaudible] largest growth opportunity and we continue to see an increase in our project size in that space that tells us that we're able to address more and more of the continuous process applications and more and more of the DCS, traditional DCS applications with our portfolio and our capabilities of the platform. Our growth in Q3 was 20% year-over-year and if you would include our acquisitions it was basically over 50% in the quarter. So, a very strong process performance and certainly, continues to be an area that we're focused on growing and building our install base.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: And then the safety and information any comments on that, Keith?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Safety, safety was a good quarter other than the fact that, because the U.S. is down and automotive is down, that's a large safety market and it did impact some of our Logix sales in the quarter, but our safety components business grew and overall was another positive quarter for safety. And in particular, where the strength in safety was... in process safety with ICS Triplex. ICS Triplex grew, we continue to see the ability to generate new opportunities, a lot of quotation, particularly as we expand our capabilities outside of the traditional ICS Triplex market, which was heavy Europe, heavy Middle East. We are seeing the opportunities now to grow that in Asia, the U.S. and Latin America, and we're putting in place and we'll continue to put in place people to be able to grow that business. So, process safety obviously oil and gas is a very strong vertical and it's an area that we have targeted for continued investment and growth. As you know, we closed CEDES in the quarter, we're very excited about that because it builds a... the largest component segment that being the light curtain segment in the component space for discrete machine safety and that is just coming up the speed though Mark. So, you know they had a solid quarter, but we have not been able to leverage that across the other portions of Rockwell Automation as of yet. So, a very, very strong performance there. With respect to information, as you know, we have closed the Incuity, acquisition in the quarter, that's a small acquisition but gives us a very positive footprint in the ability that link the plant floor with the enterprise systems and certainly that plus Pavilion is giving us... and the continued investment in the... in our portfolio of factory talk, really now we're talking to many customers and the continued expansion of what we've been doing that we mentioned earlier with [inaudible] talked up in the automotive industry, also in some of the food vertical, we are able to now generate a lot more interest and opportunities that are now being accorded at this point in time. So, continued growth and continued interest in our growing stock to our portfolio.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Thanks Keith. Thanks for the review.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Stephen Tusa, Jr. - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Hi, Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Stephen Tusa, Jr. - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Hey, can you just, I know you've done this before, but maybe just at a high level talk about your portfolio and how much you think is you know, you talk about service and solutions being a pretty steady business. And I think, you did this last call, but I'm not sure how detailed it was. What you consider, kind of the more steady revenue, what you consider, the project related stuff it's deferrable, and then, what's kind of MRO related or higher level?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Sure, sure. Let me give a shot at that, and I've got a lot to help here too. Let's start at the highest level, if you will, and that being what we would talk about as our solutions and services business and this would be the business that Rockwell Automation delivers to its... our customers. The first piece of that is our solutions business. And today, our solutions business is about 25% of our business and that is what's growing as rapidly as we had talked about before. So, that's the... that's our solutions business.
Stephen Tusa, Jr. - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Is that something, that will continue to grow rapidly or is that steady when things get tough?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think there is the, there is two pieces to that one is, it will continue to grow as we expand our capabilities in that from the applications and the geographies. And certainly, as we grow outside the U.S. more people are expecting the automation supplier to provide a solution. And so, as we grow in Asia and Latin America there is a natural tendency that more of our businesses delivered these solution and so we would expect that to be a opportunity, somewhat independent of, I'll just call it, the economy itself. Certainly, one of the reasons we have seen the rapid growth for an extended period of time in this solutions business is because of what's going on in the resource and commodities... natural resource and commodities markets, where the emerging markets are becoming large consumers and therefore there is great global demand in that area. So, that's the... that dimension as long as the demand is there, we'll continue to see very solid growth and certainly oil and gas, people are now talking about a couple of years because we've shopped [ph] way past the barrel price that people were saying almost any investment has a return, we're $40 above of that number now. Likewise, you're seeing the investments in mining and those are being talked about once again a couple of years that you see that opportunity, particularly in the coal area and in the steel, iron ore area. So a lot of new mines are being planned and projected. So we believe that will continue for an extended period of time as well. And as one of the reasons we have focused some of our growth on that part of the business. Services, that addresses everything, but that's part of our solutions and services business that is growing rapidly and that's about 10% of our business and then we talk about products that ends up about 65% of our business. Now that products has a number of... a number of split. Part of it is, what we would call... well if all of the products tend to be low business, which means it comes in very quick. It's booked and billed basically one to two weeks, which is why part of the phenomenon occurred at the end of June. So we have for MRO and OEM repetitive purchases, probably about 30% to 35% of that products business is that type of flow. And then we also have what we send to OEMs for projects or SIs [ph] for projects or customers for projects and that's what makes up the other part of that 65%. So that's a little bit of a breakdown as to how we look at that business and certainly today the solutions business and the services businesses are growing faster than our products business.
Stephen Tusa, Jr. - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Investor Relations: Operator, operator, this is Rondi Rohr-Dralle. We'd like to take one more question, but I do have to make... I do have to make a comment. I think something was missed on the call in the beginning and I just want to reinforce with the audience that, our results have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. There will be all the charts and a replay of the webcast available at the website, and will remain there for the next 30 days. So I think that we missed those comments in the beginning and I just wanted to reinforce that. So, back to the queue operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Hey Keith, can we drill a little bit more into your comments around the consumer related weakness, whether it's... I assume it's kind of consumer packaged goods that your talking about, food, beverage, pharma, but you did call up pharma, but can you give us a little bit more color on what you're saying there?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, first of all, the consumer is a much more stable spending to begin with. So, they tend to be below the company average and certainly that's the case. But, the two that are making a significant difference, you identified the one is Life Sciences. I think we're seeing a change in particularly global Big Pharma, particularly in a couple of regions, Puerto Rico, Ireland there is consolidation and restructuring going on in those key markets. And we continue to see that evolution in the vertical being a little bit offset by what's going on in the biotech and the medical device areas. But, Big Pharma is certainly going through some challenging times and we're looking at some of their spending and some of their manufacturing operations and we're feeling the impact of that. The second one is automotive, U.S. automotive. They've gone through a very tough quarter and certainly they have changed their spending patterns and that has dropped to a level lower than we thought, and quite frankly we've been talking... well, we haven't been talking about it the last quarters. But, we thought we had reached a steady state situation there late last summer, and quite frankly in the second half of the year, we had expected a pickup because of some projects, but that has not materialized. The good news in U.S. automotive is that they are fundamentally changing their strategy and they will be making investments in some of the small car platforms in the future, creating greater flexibility in their manufacturing and we will be able to take advantage of that. But that's kind of on the list of future projects and I think they'd stop the number of what we were expecting this quarter and next. So that's been the challenge there. With respective to food, obviously some of the increases in their input costs is causing them to take a look at some of their spending. While, we haven't seen any declines there, we're seeing a slowing in what they've been focused on. So, those are the consumer areas as we see them at this point in time Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And nothing particular on like the consumer package [ph] side like toiletries and things like that are on the beverage side?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: No. Not at this point in time obviously, with some of the changes in the brewing industry. With the recent announcement, I'm sure there would be time when those investments get looked at as to which ones they want to go forward with and which ones will be... how they will combine the assets and I'm speaking now about InBev and Anheuser-Busch acquisition.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: You serve InBev, I know Busch [ph] is a big customer.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Both are very good customers, so we expect that to be a positive for Rockwell Automation, but as always when you combine two large organizations, there is a law in the go-forward cap spending. But, we have a very good position with InBev. We work with them around the world and certainly, as you know Anheuser-Busch is a great customer. So, not... we are seeing some impact in the OEM market packaging to your point that has a weekend, which is a signal, that... that the food and beverage people are pulling back on some of their investments. And in particular, we saw that just this past quarter in some of our OEM analysis that went on. So, packaging is being impacted and that majority of that goes to the two segments that you talked about, which would be home, health and beauty and personal care and then our food and beverage.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And just a quick follow-up for Ted, maybe. On the deals, Ted can you just clarify what the deal impact is for Q4. You got that ICF that roles into organic. You've got these other small deals. What the impact is in Q4?
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Jeff, are you asking kind of year-over-year EPS impact or...
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: No. The revenue impacts for deals in Q4?
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Hold on a second. About 1%.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. And then, also just one last one from me, I know I'm going on too long. This inventory build, does that have any bearing on the margin rates in Q3 or Q4, an absorption benefit that swings to an absorption negative or something as you work through this?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: I mean, any time, you run up inventory, there will be some favorable impact on absorption. The impact of bringing inventory down, we have reflected in our full-year guidance number.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: All right. Thanks a lot.
Ted Crandall - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Okay Jeff. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Investor Relations: Okay. That concludes today's call, and thanks to all of you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - VP Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO Theodore D. Crandall - CFO
Analysts: Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everybody that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in this call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I will like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle. Ms. Rohr-Dralle. Please go ahead.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President: Thank you operator. Good morning and thank you all for joining us Rockwell Automation's second quarter 2008 earnings release Conference Call. Our results were released earlier this morning and have been posted to our website at. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all the charts that we referenced during the call are available at that website. These will remain there for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith, followed by Ted's review of the quarter. We will as always leave time at the end call to take your questions and ask that you self limit to two questions to allow broader participation. We expect the call today to take about one hour, as is always the case on these calls. I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual result may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. With that I'll turn the call over the Keith.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rondi, and good morning to everyone who dialed into this morning's call. Let me start by commenting on our results this quarter, the first half and then follow up with some additional comments. We delivered solid top-line growth. Revenue grew 17% to $1.4 billion. Growth was particularly strong in the U.S, Asia and Latin America, offsetting slower than expected organic growth in Europe. EPS also grew 17%, despite lower operating margin this quarter, due to revenue mix and currency impact. Through the first six months, our performance was generally in line with our expectations. We achieved 16.4% revenue growth and 26% EPS growth from continuing operations. However, we are seeing a different mix between our product and solutions businesses and regional performance than we initially anticipated. This further demonstrates the benefits from the diversity of our portfolio. I am pleased with the efforts of our management team and employees in delivering these results. But make no mistake, while the outlook for the second half remains strong, it will require great execution. We understand that we have a lot of work to do. Before turning over to Ted, to take us through the financials in more detail. I would like to spend a few minutes and provide more color on the quarter and the balance of the year. We continue to benefit from investments in technology leadership, expanded served markets and a stronger global presence. They are creating opportunities for growth resulting in the ongoing diversification of our revenue base. You will see this as I run through a regional update, talk about some of our end markets, highlight key initiatives and make a few summary comments about the balance of the year. With respect to regions; Asia had very strong organic revenue growth up 13%, emerging Asia with China and India contributing 31% and 18% growth, respectively. Infrastructure spending remains robust benefiting our solutions business. We have a strong logics frontlog and project backlog as we enter the second half of the year. Quarter two was the strongest quarter in China since 2006. For Latin America, organic sales were up 12%. Although below recent growth rates resource based industries remains strong. We have a strong pipeline in most countries and I am confident about our growth in the second half due to commodity and oil prices as well as infrastructure investment. Europe had organic growth of 2% in the quarter. Acquisitions added another 10%. While we are not our satisfied with our organic growth, this result came against a very difficult comparison of a year ago. There was increase sequentially from Q1 to Q2 by 11%. And we had particular success with the OEMs in Germany. Despite this, we are taking action in those countries where we need to improve. I believe Europe will come in in the second half of the year at the low end of our guidance, approximately 10% organic growth. We are very pleased with U.S organic sales growth of 7%. Despite weak market sentiment, we are not seeing any unusual project cancellations or customer pullback on capital spending at this time. Distributor sentiment remains positive on balance and they are doing a great job supporting our customers. OEMs that export are doing well, our A&S frontlog increased about 10% in the quarter, solutions projects backlog in the quarter continue to increase and we are well positioned for the balance of the year. With respect to key verticals, clearly we had a higher growth in our resource based verticals than the consumer ones in quarter two. Capital spending is increasing in the oil and gas and the tyre industries, while holding steady in other verticals. The global auto market... the global automotive market is showing growth, despite continued slowness in Detroit. Oil and gas was our strongest performing vertical in the second quarter with around 18% growth. We expect that growth to continue, we grew at the company average in global automotive and life sciences. We are seeing lower, but consisting growth in food, beverage and home and personal care industry providing continued market diversification for us. Let me give you an update on two of our initiatives. Process; this continues to be a great growth engine for us. Quarter two was no exception. Core growth was up 21% and acquisitions added another 40% to the growth. The size of project wins continued to increase and during the quarter we had key wins across multiple industries including oil and gas, food, life sciences and home and personal care. We have a strong project funnel entering the second half. Logics; our logics growth rate in the quarter was 7%. Although, we are a much broader business today, compared to where we were when we started the external focus on logics growth. I am not satisfied with the 7% growth rate in logics. However, as we have often said, extrapolating any one quarter's result is not a good way to predict the future. And remember, the last quarter logics grew 15%. That said, we are taking aggressive measures to fuel more growth in every region, at every set of customers and throughout our channel. I fully expect to see improvement over the balance of the year. There is no doubt that logics is the key success driver for Rockwell Automation. However, through globalization and acquisitions, we continue to evolve in to much more of a technology driven solutions business and logics is just one component of a customer's solution. Speaking of acquisitions, I am very pleased with the current performance of our acquisitions. We are seeing more opportunities and higher potential, than we had plan for and we are successfully executing our integration plans. ICS Triplex had a great quarter. Their order rate is improving. We recently received a $10 million oil and gas order, reflecting the synergy potential of this acquisition. We also announced two new acquisitions in the last 45 days. They are consistent with our strategy of buying both on-site companies and extracting synergies by leveraging their capabilities through our global footprints. First is CEDES Automation, a European based company which fills an important gap in our machine safety component portfolio through its Light Curtain product line. And yesterday, we announced that we reached a definitive agreement to buy Incuity Software, a leading supplier of enterprise manufacturing intelligence. Incuity Software provides real time intelligence to increase our customers' productivity on the plant floor and provide unique insight into enterprise performance. Now let me shift gears and make some closing comments about the balance of the year. As we described in our press release, while we continue to acknowledge that there is significant uncertainty in economic environment, particularly in the U.S, we have not seen a fundamental change in the customer demand though our products, services or solutions. Customer capital spending and project activity remain firm at this time. We haven't noticed any unusual order cancellation, project delays or changes in coding activity. Our management team and our entire sales organization remain optimistic about the second half. We probably had the most comprehensive review ever of our sales prospects in all regions and we believe we are well positioned to drive growth. Our second half outlook anticipates continued strength in Asia and Latin America, steady demand in the United States, improved performance in Europe and better revenue mix, in particular, improve logic sales. We still expect to achieve 10% to 12% growth excluding currency for the full year, but with a somewhat different regional and segment mix than we anticipate at the beginning of the year. We continue to carefully monitor numerous economic indicators, and their potential impact on global customer demand. For now, however, assuming business conditions in the industrial sector remain relatively stable, we are reaffirming in our EPS guidance for 2008 of $4.25 to $4.45. The entire organization remains heads down, intensely focused on generating above market revenue growth, driving productivity and executing against [ph] our plans. We know what we have to do, we have been here before and I continue to be optimistic that Rockwell Automation will have a solid second half. Now let me turn it over to Ted, to give you more details on our performance. Ted.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Keith, and good morning. We've posted charts to our website. My comments will reference those charts. On chart one, Q2 result summary. Starting with the top of the slide, revenue in the quarter was $1.407 billion, an increase of 17% over last year. That includes 7% organic growth, 4% growth attributable to acquisitions and 6% due to effects of currency translation. As we move down the slide to earnings, taxes and EPS, in order to make year-over-year comparisons easier, as the footnote indicates, Q2 '07 numbers exclude the effect of special charges that we took last year related to various restructuring items. Segment and operating earnings were $240 million, an increase of 9% year-over-year. Purchase accounting expense increased by about $3.5 million due to acquisitions made last and this year, the largest being ICS Triplex. General corporate net was $16.6 million, up about $2.5 million from last year. In Q2 of last year, we had non-recurring items including significance interest income earned on the proceeds from last year's sale of Power Systems, a dividend from a minority investment in a previously divested business, both of those partially offset by environmental charges. For the balance of the fiscal year, we expect a run rate and general corporate net expense of about $20 million to $22 million per quarter. Interest expense was $17.5 million, up $1.2 million from last year. The second quarter effective tax rate was 28.5%, in the middle of the range of our 28% to 29% guidance for fiscal year '08. In Q2 of last year, the comparable tax rate was 27.9%. EPS was $0.96, up 17% compared to EPS from continuing operations, excluding special charges of $0.82 in Q2 of last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $148.7 million, and during the quarter we repurchased approximately $1.7 million shares at cost of $98.3 million and as of March 31st, still had $832 million available under our current $1 billion repurchase authorization. Moving to chart two; Q2 results were up for automation. As noted previously, growth in the quarter was 17% year-over-year. Excluding the effect of currency translation growth in the quarter was 11%. Sales increased 6% sequentially. Moving to the earnings side of the chart, you'll see the segment earnings increase of 9% year-over-year. Operating margin in the quarter was 17.1%, down a 120 basis points from the second quarter of last year. Key factors causing the decline included revenue mix, primarily higher rates of growth in our solutions businesses, also the year-over-year impact of acquisitions, increased spending to support globalization and growth and foreign currency impacts. Although not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 26%, up more than 3 points, versus the year-ago period and reaching our ROIC target for 2008. Chart three summarizes the quarter two results of the Architecture & Software segment. Sales in the quarter were up 11% year-over-year, 5% excluding the effects of currency translation. On a sequential basis, sales were up 4%, operating margin was 23.4%, down 70 basis point from the second quarter of last year. Volume leverage and productivity were more than offset by inflation and increased investment spending. This segment is the primary focus area for the technology and growth investments that we have previously discussed. Architecture & Software margins for the first half of the year are below our expectations for full year performance. We do expect higher Architecture & Software margins in the second half of the year and somewhat higher growth rates. I'll address this further in comments related to our full year guidance. As we have mentioned before, margins in both segments will vary similar quarter-to-quarter. Chart four covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in Q2 were up 21% year-over-year, that included 9% organic growth, 6% attributable to acquisitions and 6% due to the effects of currency translation. Sales were up 7% sequentially; this is another very good quarter for growth in this segment, with particularly strong growth in the solutions businesses. Operating margin declined by 1.1 points to 12.4%, volume leverage, productivity and price were more than offset by inflation. The mixed impact of higher solutions business growth, the year-over-year impact of acquisitions, which I mentioned contributed six points of growth in the quarter in this segment, and foreign currency impacts. The next chart, five, shows a geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. In the center column you will see overall growth rates by region and the far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. As Keith noted, we saw particularly strong growth in the U.S this quarter at 10%. Excluding currency and acquisitions, U.S organic growth was 7%. We've experienced better than expected performance in the U.S in the first half and expect this to continue with about the same 5% to 6% organic growth again the second half. Canada grew only 4% in the quarter and is being impacted by the strength of the Canadian dollar, versus the U.S. dollar. For the first half, Canada organic growth was about 4%. We are expecting about that same growth in the balance of the year. Latin American sales were up 12% year-over-year for the quarter, below their recent growth rates, that is organic growth. We think this is a timing issue, in part related to the timing of the Easter holiday in the quarter. For the first half, organic growth rate in the region was 20%. We expect organic growth rates in this region to be on the high teens for the second half of the year. In summary, very good performance across the Americas. In EMEA, sales were up 12% in a quarter, excluding currency impact. But excluding acquisitions, EMEA year-over-year organic growth was only 2%. And first half organic growth about 5%. Sequential growth for Q2 was 11%. And based on our target and sales strategies and an analysis of frontlogs, we expect improvement in EMEA organic growth rates, approaching 10% for the second half of the year. Asia Pacific sales were up 15%, excluding currency effects, 13% organic growth, continuing to demonstrate improved performance. For the remainder of the year, we expect growth rates to continue to improve and we expect to be solidly in the mid-teens organic growth for the second half. Again this quarter, we realized a very good balance in revenue, which is slightly less than 50% of sales coming from outside the U.S, and that's primarily because U.S growth was particularly strong in the quarter. Moving to chart six, free cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $32 million and $110 million year-to-date. We are behind our targeted conversion through March. The shortfall primarily relates to increased working capital needs and higher tax payments for the first half of the year. The tax payments are a timing issue and we expect tax payments to be significantly lower in the second half. Regarding working capital, our primary issue there is higher than expected inventory levels. In January, we completed another important SAP release at our U.S distribution center. We are running with somewhat higher inventory levels in order to preserve customer service during these implementations and also due to the learning curve of our supply chain organization as it comes up to speed on a new system. Like last year, we expect cash flow conversion to be weighted to second half. We are still targeting to get back to our full year working capital targets, but we do see some added risk, and we are adjusting our free cash flow projection to be about 90% of net income for the full year. In the next two charts, I'll be addressing our guidance for the second half of fiscal '08, as well as for the full year. Chart seven summarizes our second half revenue guidance. Including the impact of acquisitions but excluding currency effects. We are expecting Architecture & Software to grow at a -- second half of the year, about 2 points higher than in the first half. On the same basis, we expect Control Products & Solutions to grow at a rate about 2 points lower than in the first half of the year. Growth from acquisitions will be 3 points less than the second half of the year, as ICS Triplex rolls into the base revenue in the fourth quarter in this segment. For total Rockwell, we expect second half growth, excluding currency, to be in the range of 10% to 12%. We expect the revenue contribution from currency in the second half to slow to 2% to 3%, which assumes that for the balance of the year, currency rates remain at levels approximating the average for the month of March. We expect second half revenue growth, including currency to be 12% to 14% for total Rockwell. I'll close my comments with chart eight, which summarizes our full year guidance for revenue, EPS and free cash flow. My comments about full-year guidance do not reflect the impact of the CEDES and Incuity acquisitions that we expect to close in Q3. So they are not included in the growth numbers and we expect these to be mildly dilutive due to the purchase accounting and integration costs. With the revenue growth assumptions on the previous page, we are expecting about 10% to 12% growth, excluding currency for the full year, which remains consistent with our original guidance range. As Keith noted, there will be a difference in how that falls out by segments and by region. For the full year, we expect currency to add about four points to the growth rate. We expect operating margins to improve in the second half of the year to about 19%. For the full year, we expect operating margins to be down from prior year and from our previous full-your guidance by about a point, due primarily to less favorable revenue mix and foreign exchange impact. We continue to expect the full year tax rate in the range of 28% to 29%, and we're reaffirming diluted EPS guidance of between $4.25 and $4.45 for fiscal 2008. With that, I'll turn it over to Rondi to begin the Q&A session.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President: Okay, operator we are ready to open the lines for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Bob Cornell of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hey, good morning everybody.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Bob.
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Good quarter with lot of moving parts.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you are right. There were a lot of moving parts this quarter.
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: You've referenced the attractive frontlog in a couple of cases. And in the context of this extensive review you took you analyzed the business outlook. Maybe just take a minute in Q&A and expand on that point Keith, both the frontlog point you made a couple of places and the review of the business that gives you confidence in the second half.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely Bob. We have talked before about the process that we have gone through to get a feeling of what is happening currently in the markets, and we do a very aggressive evaluation each quarter and certainly in the last two weeks, we performed that with even greater granularity than ever before. We talked to a wider base of our North American channel organization. We targeted a lot of our key accounts in the verticals and evaluated what was going on with their capital spending plans and obviously, we looked at Europe. And we had the management team in here, the last week to evaluate country by country, where activity was and what the expectations were for the previous... what expectations are for the remainder of the year, and Asia growth, given the positive improvement that we've seen there, we wanted to make sure that the strength in the second half of the year was evidenced by a frontlog, which is a lone way of characterizing our disciplined selling process which really does become granular to the branch, to the office, to the accounts sales person level. And when we do that we get a pretty good picture of what's happening in the opportunity pipeline and we analyze those pipelines now against the previous quarter and the previous year to determine what are trends and in what direction is the momentum moving. And as we did that it was clear that our process frontlog was drawn in all regions and certainly that's being evidenced by some of the sides of the projects that we are now talking about and have talked about the last couple of quarters. And also with the performance of logics this last quarter, we wanted to evaluate what was happening in that initiative frontlog and there we saw improvement in a number of regions as to the outlook for the second half of the year and that's what has played into our overall guidance that we have talked about here on this call. So more rigorous, more discipline across our channel, system integrators, OEMs and basically in a couple of cases, we saw increases in frontlog and in no case did we see a decrease in the frontlog, the others were maintaining at a steady rate.
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, that's keen. I guess a final question from me. You didn't take credit for the improvement in China which looks like it was up pretty strongly and then as well as the softness in Europe, may be just touch quickly on those two geographies. China, how is that evolving. It looks like it's doing well and then may be more detail on why Europe was soft.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well let's start with China. Well, we... I guess may be we are a little modest there, but we continue to see improvement, it's what we've talked about now for the last year actually that we were getting the infrastructure, getting the competencies improve there because of the rapid growth we had before and what we are seeing is just an excellent job of execution by the management team. We have used people from other parts of the world to help bring up the learning curve of our very young, very, very new leadership team there, particularly in some of the branch and geographic sales locations through out the region, and we focus very hard there to put in to disciplined selling process and to really be able to once again understand what is occurring. And what we're seeing now is the continued build of the confidence of that team, but more importantly the positive execution on the strategies that we have put in place there. So, we are very optimistic about China, getting back to north of that 15%, I should say north of the 20% number that we need and really year-to-date, China's up 22% organic growth. So, we think we're back, we are back growing above market rate in China, and certainly feel very good about what that team's been able to do. Europe; Europe is interesting because you have to really take the pieces apart in Europe. Last quarter, we talked a little bit about that we saw some slowing in the U.K in particular and this quarter, I would say we had mixed results across the region. We had some very good performance in Germany, we think we are doing a good job with our initiative there with respect to OEMs and in particular, the export in OEMs into Asia and into Eastern Europe. It's tougher for those OEMs to export to the U.S today because of the currency exchange rate, which is why our U.S OEMs are doing better. But the OEM activity has been a positive. There has been a couple of regions that we just haven't gotten the growth. A couple of countries in the region that we haven't gotten the growth and that's where our focus is.
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Whichones were those Keith?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Continued weakness in the U.K, France and a couple of the Scandinavian countries. We need to improve our execution, in particular logics was very week in Europe and we believe that that is also something that we can work. We have a very mature team in Europe, very different than Asia and I believe that we understand the dynamics in the market now and have actions in place to be able to generate improvement. We don't believe the economy is all the problem in Europe. A part of it is our execution and we are refocusing on the areas that need the attention and I have a lot of confidence in the management there to be able to improve the performance and as Ted outlined, we expect organic growth to get back close to our low end of the range in the second half of the year. So, we are expecting improvement, but I would say a couple more countries had a tough quarter, this quarter and that's what drove performance overall. We are seeing the growth with the acquisitions though. So that's a positive and we continue to see strength in some of our key verticals there in particular, life sciences.
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks Keith. That's good. Great.
Operator: Your next question will from the line of John Baliotti of FTN Midwest Securities. Please proceed.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation: Hi, Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation: Keith, about a year ago, I think it was... you guys called out the fact that you weren't satisfied with the growth in Asia and that you were taking some steps. I think it was just the next quarter after that we saw an improvement in that geography and I am wondering, I know that some of your toughest competitors were in Europe, so the growth has been surprisingly strong, given that headwind, but I am... do you expect... or is it realistic to think that you could see a similar type of turnaround in EMEA, given what you are able to do in Asia?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't see we'll see that the turnaround with respect to the percentages that we saw in Asia, the percentage growth. We have greater opportunities for higher growth in Asia than we do in Europe. And you are right; it's much more entrenched competition in Europe, and a much more matured market. Which is why we talk about our ability to grow above the market growth rate, because we believe we can grow share in Europe, and we should be able to grow share in Europe. It's just that the underlying market is growing at a much slower rate and quite honestly, it's tougher because of the entrench competition. So, we are competing with an installed base that it is not favorable to Rockwell Automation. We are competing against our strongest global competitors in their home territory. But that was the whole part of our strategy was to create opportunities where we felt we had differentiation, and in particular, we believe technical differentiation with respect to the integrated architecture and some of our differentiated components that we have particularly in our power control side of the business. And we do expect that we will improve our growth rate in Q3 and add to that in Q4, but it won't be as dramatic as what we've seen in Asia.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation: The... you pointed out, and I guess that that's pretty obvious that you are not happy with logics at... in high single digits. But process being up 21%, are you... is it the mix in terms of Brownfield, Greenfield, is it still predominantly Brownfield business that you are seeing?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The answer is yes, and that brings to good point, let me character, one would expect that we are growing in process dramatically, why wouldn't logics be growing faster, just because of that. And, so let me polish a little bit of what process is doing and hopefully, it'll put a little more explanation into, I think, your question John. First off, in process that's where we have our largest NES or pure information software segment, being the life sciences vertical. And so that is not a logic centric sale in the life sciences segment, and that's probability 20% or so of our process business. So that is not our logic rich environment. The other thing that is occurring is that, to your point, we are seeing significant amounts of legacy replacement of historical DCS systems, when customers do that they don't rip out the entire system. What they do is they replace, we'll call it the processor, but not all the I/O. And so you end up having a much smaller logic content in that initial replacement because it's just the software and it's just the processor and the I/O stays wired for now and that becomes an installed base transition as time goes on. So you don't have the same richness that you would in a discrete application where the I/O and the processor gets changed at the same time. And so, we are seeing a significant increase in the transition of legacy, the migration of legacy, but once again not a process rich in... not a logics rich environment. And then the final aspect of process is that we are moving more into continuous of process. And by nature that is less a logic intensive control environment than discrete or batch hybrid and there is a lot of other equipment that goes there, in particular our motor control, and also in the continuous process that's a region where the customer expects the automation supplier to deliver the solution. And so that's why our MPS business is growing, our solutions business is growing so strong, because there is a lot more engineering content in those applications than there would be through a batch or a discrete application, which is also many times sold through our system integrator channel, which would then mean, we are supplying a very rich product mix and a much less engineering content rich. So that's one of the reasons, I should say, a couple of the reasons why our process growth is not driving the same acceleration in logics that we have seen historically as we have grown discrete and batch hybrid.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation: Okay, thank you. It was very clear. I... just one quick question for Ted. Ted, is it possible to quantify in the sub-segment discussion you mentioned investment spending. I'm not sure if there is any way to characterize the duration of that or the levels, is it possible to give us some color on those?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: John, I'm not going to try and kind of call a dollar number.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation: Okay.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: But I will say this. The problem in Architecture & Software segment is we have been making the investments that we talked about earlier in the year, both in technology and in customer facing resources, to help get the growth rate moving higher in Architecture & Software. And through the first half we really haven't seen that higher growth rate. So, basically we have got some spending that is an excess, organic spending growth that's in excess of our organic growth rate in Architecture & Software right now. Going forward, we are expecting improvement in Architecture & Software margins in part, because the spending will level out a little bit the second half. It was more first half weighted. And also, we will get some better growth in Architecture & Software in the second half that will get back more... with those ratios more in line.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Corporation: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Mark Koznarek of Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Hi, thank you. Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: I'd like to tie a couple things together, it's... I would like explore this Europe deceleration a bit more. We were just talking about it. I was just reviewing the trends in Asia and it seems like, you guys had executed and growth was proceeding at a double-digit pace through '05 and to '06 and then it throttled down to a single digit for about four quarters. And now it's picked up nicely, but it did seem like it took some time to get that resolved and as you point out you're now trying to do the same thing in a slower base growth market place with tougher entrenched competitors. And I guess what I want to try and tie together with that is this issue of a logics pick up as well, because I can recall in late '06, we had logics slowdown, and there was a attempt to try and accelerate logics growth, there was in orders now programmed to try and jumpstart that and it didn't seem to work too well and the explanation was that the sales cycle for logics is long because of the solutions element. And so both of these, I am trying to focus on the timing of reacceleration of growth with Europe and logics.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mark, I think you characterized it well, but the one difference I would mention about Europe now is, one; the second quarter was a very tough time, that was a very strong quarter for you last year. We believe we'll see some of the growth simply because there was moderating growth in the second half of last year in Europe. And in particular with logics, it is... you are right about the cycle, but we are... have been working some of the OEM conversions and some of the process applications that we believe, based upon reviewing the frontlog, will allow us to drive that growth in the second half of our of fiscal years. So, we do expect to see a logics pick up, based upon the work that's being going on there the last couple of quarters, and that's why it is lumpy, because the conversions, the projects, they don't occur in a smooth linier fashion and so we do bounce around, but 2% organic growth is not the trend line we are expecting to be on.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, and then if I could just clarify couple of things that Ted said that in Europe you are shooting for 10% organic growth in the second half and that would compare to 16% organic in the first half?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: No, no. Organic for EMEA in the first half was about five.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, so you are using the definition without acquisition.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I am sorry Mark.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Good point. Yes. We are... when we say organic we mean less acquisition and less currency.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. So you are expecting a pick up? Right.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: And then, the... I thought... Ted, I've heard you say with the inclusion of the new software business and the safety acquisition. There will be dilution. Do you mean dilution to earnings per share or just margin dilution because of the extra revenue?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: I was referring to dilution in earnings per share and I would say we expect that to be a couple of few cents.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And that is not in the current guidance?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: At least on the slide?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Correct. We didn't try to reflect in the guidance anything on acquisitions we have not yet closed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Jeff Spragot of Citigroup Investments Research. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Thanks. That's one of the more original ones, Jeff Spraque.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: I understand that comment Jeff.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: A lot of Spragues over the years, but never that one. Just a couple of things, may be on Mark's point, just buttoning up some of the guidance. I believe on the last call we were building in the 10% to 12% growth with 6% to 8% organic, 3% from deals and 1% from that FX, and now we are up to 4% from FX. So, there is this kind of talk of accelerating growth in the back half, but it's actually... must be my math is wrong. I kind of the implied organic growth underneath your forecast, it is down to about 3% to 5%.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: No, I think Jeff, you are making a mistake on how you are characterizing the 10 % to 12%. Our 10% to 12% excludes the impact of currency translation.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Got it.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: So that when you look at the total growth that we are talking about in the second half its 12% to 14% with about 2 to 3 being currency. So, we are saying that instead of approximately 1% in the original 10% to 12%, we are now saying its 2% to 3%, but its 12% to 14% total. Still the underlying organic plus acquisition is 10% to 12% for both... previously as well as currently, no change in that characterization.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Got it. And deals stay roughly 3% may be a tick higher if these small deals close but, that's sort of ballpark.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, they are pretty small and they are not going to have a significant impact when they close on the remainder of the year. It's gong to be some time in the third quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Right. And as we mentioned, they are not in this guidance number any how.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Okay, great and then, Ted, can you help us on the FX. I guess what you're implying when you're saying that the margins are blended down is that the margin drop through one, the FX revenues isn't any where near what your segments are, but could you help us get our arms around the size of that dynamic?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I'll try to do that roughly. First thing I will say is, the pure translation part of the impact of FX is relatively easy to quantify. Given that we operate in 80 different countries with a lot of transaction flows and a lot of different currencies, trying to exactly quantify the transactions side of that is a little bit more difficult. But we have, given the significant changes in currency in the last couple of quarters, particularly in Q2. We worked hard to lock that down. Our best look says that the conversion we are getting through the first half on translation sales is something like may be 13%. So it is below our normal operating earnings rate.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Okay.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: It was somewhat better than that in Q1 and somewhat worse than that in Q2.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Okay. And I could do that math real quick, but you, so you got margin compression, but you did get a couple of pennies pick up of earnings contribution, I would take it as, all that kind of works it's way through.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: And then just on the corporate. Ted, you guided 20 to 22 on the last call and you came in about 16, is there anything unusual going on there in the quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Right [ph]. I mean... we've got kind of unusual items that run through that every quarter. Last quarter we had the Baldor gain.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President: Environmental wellness.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this quarter we had some pick ups on environmental, previous environmental accruals that were reverse. So in any one quarter, we are going to get some things that bolts that number around little bit, but we do believe that the forward 20 to 22 per quarter is the right number.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Okay. And could you just help us triangulate now where process sits on kind of an annualized run rate, given deals done and how you are looking into the back half of the year?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we think process from a course standpoint will continue to run roughly at that 20% number. It may slow a little in the fourth quarter, because we will have lacked the ICF Triplex acquisition, which is the largest acquisition in that space and does change the outlook. But we were growing... this past quarter it was 21% and 60% from acquisitions. We expect the 20% to remain about the same. But certainly the acquisition impact will drop to roughly zero as we go through the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: And then finally just one quick one from me. You mentioned kind of more interesting deal activities. Is there or are you suggesting there is a level that could result in really a dramatic change in what you're doing on the M&A front, that would may be alter your repurchase plans or is it still more these kinds of smaller tuck-in things just more of amounted [ph] things?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes... no, they would... we are talking mainly smaller continue to be bolt-on types of acquisition. But we have been relatively aggressive this year and when we started the... when we had the plan, we planned about $100 million of acquisitions as to how we targeted what we would be looking for with respect to acquisitions, versus share repurchase. So, we're probably a little north of that at this point in time and depending upon what comes up, it could offset some of the share repurchases, but right now, we are still progressing down the original plan for share repurchase.
Jeffrey Spraque - Citigroup Investments Research: Great, thanks a lot.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Jeff, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Hi, Keith and Ted.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: A quick question for you, on the U.S sales being up about 7%... 7% to 7.5%, when you look at the composition of the sales in the U.S by A&S and control products and solutions, how does the growth rate look in those two pieces? Have we seen the swing towards systems and process in the U.S and is that what's may be pumped up the growth rate relative to the discrete markets?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the answer is absolutely, our prices and our solutions business is the fastest growing business in the U.S that's heavily driven by what's going on in the natural resource based industries and that phenomenon is occurring across multiple regions including the U.S I think Ted probably has the percentages and I'll let him flow in on that.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I wasn't going to try and break it down by region between solutions and other, but I will say in every region, the solution businesses are growing above the average.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay, did the architecture and software business grow in the U.S. in the quarter?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then another may be related to that, how were PLC sales in the quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: PLC or I would term it our legacy systems which is -- there was two brandings there, PLC and SLC, but our legacy process or business declined 9% in the quarter, which is reasonably within the range as we talk about 8 to 10, now PLC was higher, SLC was lower, but generally the continued cannibalization of that business is in the range that we were thinking of.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then just the last question. I know there has been a great deal of investment in the solutions business and the process side, but as we move forward and we continue to see growth in the process and solutions business given your strategies, should we also think of that growth rate, pressuring your incremental margin as we go or would your expectations be there at a certain scale and size that business becomes more profitable?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Rick, I think may be a kind of... let me give you a mix of what you ask. I don't think we have an issue with kind of ramping investment as it relates specifically to the solutions business, although we are making significant investment on the process side to drive growth across both solutions and hardware. The issue is more that the average margin in our solutions businesses is lower than the average margin in our product businesses. So as solutions business growth continues to outpace hardware business growth, there is downward pressure on the margins. We expected solutions business growth to be higher than product business growth this year, but product business growth is lower than expected and solutions business is even higher than we expected, and that's what's causing the mix issue that we talked about.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay, so we should... given the mix you expect in the second half of the year will still be sending off the margin pressure?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We expect better product business growth in the second half of the year, but not as strong as where we thought we would be when we entered the year.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President: Okay. Operator, we'll take one last caller.
Operator: Alright, and that caller will be John Inch from Merrill Lynch.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Hey Keith, with all the discussion around logics and process, are you guys changing your logics targeted growth rates, and if not can you just remind us what those are again just to understand the context of how it fits in to the whole equation?'
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, John, I'll be happy to do. We've been talking for a number of quarters that we have 20% as the target, but to do that, we would have to be successful in all regions simultaneously and in fact, if you look at the last twelve months, we think we've probably been in a solid single... a solid mid-teen growth, quarter-after-quarter. Now, it's moved a little bit, if you will, but if you look at it in total, we are probably growing a 15% over the last four quarters in logics. Now, I did make those comments about process and as we move more in to continuous, it is not a logics rich environment and so I believe the way we should think about, and also today our logics business is over $700 million business and the other good news quite frankly is we have $3 billion installed base that gives us a very excellent capability to provide services and ongoing evolution of the product technologies and migrations, but as we go forward, as the business becomes that large, we would expect the growth rates to moderate and certainly, we think growth rates going forward in logics, probably are more typical 10% to 15% and the fact of the matter is, if you look at the underlying growth of that controller platform, anything that is in high single... mid to single digits is allowing us to grow market share. So, it's still about growing market share at the end of the day and we believe that anything over those mid to high single digits creates the opportunity for us to grow share and certainly expand our installed base capability. So, yes, I would say it's slightly down from what we had been talking about, mainly because of the size of the business and the fact that we are moving into a less rich logic centric. As we expand the served market as we move more into continuous process, it does not have the same ratios as we've enjoyed earlier in the evolution of the platform.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: And then, Keith or Ted, the low value of the U.S dollar, is that, forget about translation, but is that helping you competitively in any capacity, perhaps with any of your export business or as you compete in Europe or anywhere else around the world? How is the dollar sort of impacting your competitiveness globally?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: I think it impacts our customers more than it impacts us, because we now have, as we talked about, we continue to globalize our supply chain and so our input cost tend to be global no matter what we do simply because that's how we've involved with our productivity and our cost programs over the last five, six, seven, eight years, and we are continuing to reach [ph] to globalize our supply chain. So, not a lot of difference there because also the input cost tend to be global pricing and have a world price that is appropriate. Also on our global platforms, we do business with customers around the world and they certainly understand what the makeup of that product is and there is only slight variation, which are either transportation or our tax or import duties. We tend to have a pretty common global price on our most multinational platforms, which would be logics, which would be our drives. And a few other areas that tend to be very competitive on a worldwide look. So, I don't think we benefit dramatically from the dollar, but you do see differences in our customer buying behaviors, and I think we see that in Canada, we see that as European OEMs and I think it moves a little bit of our sales, not a lot, but it moves... it distorts some our sales, but it doesn't help us in other dimensions.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes, now that makes sense. Just lastly, I mean, one of the things that maybe has come out this quarter is kind of more the middle size manufacturing customer and their access to bank financing to fund their operations and working capital. Sounds like you guys didn't really experience any of that, although I am curious to know, kind of, the softness you called out in Europe, Keith. Did that have anything in your view to do with sort of access to capital or financing amongst customers? You mentioned, I know, it was a Rockwell execution issue. Is there anything else going on there that maybe we should be aware of?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John. One of things we did when we went to our... kind of our sales assessment process for the quarter was that specific question...
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Of each of the sales regions. And we did not hear any comments regarding kind of a tightening of capital with regard to customers, either large or medium size. So, I can't tell you that that's not a factor in Europe, but we have any reason to believe that as a factor in Europe.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: And you are not ...
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All those [ph] test that with our distribution channel because quite frankly they do a lot of the interaction with small and medium customers and we didn't see a significant uptick in comments from them, that they are seeing their customers not having access to financing and therefore, limiting their ability to grow or invest.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: And it sounds like that was not a factor in the States either?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, was not.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay John, thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President: Okay that concludes today's call and thank you to all of you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rondi Rohr-Dralle - VP, Corporate Development and IR Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO Theodore D. Crandall - CFO
Analysts: John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. John Inch - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rondi Rohr-Dralle. Ms. Rohr-Dralle, please proceed.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations: Thank you, Natasha. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2008 earnings release conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all the charts that we reference during the call are available at that website. These will remain there for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith followed by Ted's review of the quarter. We will as always leave time at the end of the call to take your questions and ask that you self limit to two questions to allow broader participations. We expect the call today to take about one hour and as always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rondi and good morning to everyone who joined us on today's call. At this same time a quarter ago, we laid out an ambitious 2008 plan for Rockwell Automation, one that raised the expectations for execution, and reflected the continued transformation of our company and evolution of our business model. Although a lot has changed in the macroeconomic environments since then, I am pleased to report that Q1 was another quarter of strong execution by Rockwell Automation. We generated solid results, again demonstrating the continued strength of this business model. Our revenue and earnings were in line with our expectation, we benefited from investments in technology leadership, regional expansion and the ongoing diversification of our revenue base. Let me make a few specific comments about this quarter, and then we'll talk about Q2 and the balance of the year. Revenue grew 16% to 1.33 billion. This revenue was driven by very strong growth in Latin America, solid growth in the U.S. and Canada, and continued improved performance in Asia, outstanding revenue growth in our key growth initiatives; process and OEM businesses as well in the life sciences and oil and gas verticals, achieving the performance target of our acquisitions, ICX Triplex, ProsCon and Pavilion, which are important contributors to growth in 2008 and the ongoing globalization of our business model illustrated by the fact that half of our sales came from outside the U.S. Earnings per share from continuing operations were up 37% to $1.04, again very much in line with our expectations. Strong productivity performance in the quarter was at the high end of our targeted range. This productivity realization allowed us to meet our earnings objectives, while sustaining investments to drive globalization, growth and technology leadership. It also reflects the maturity of our productivity pipeline and underscores the disciplined execution of a broad set of productivity initiatives. All in all, I was pleased with how we executed our growth and productivity initiatives this quarter, particularly in our Products... Control Products & Solutions segment. Now let me shift gears and turn to Q2 and the second half of the year. As we described in our press release where we acknowledged that while there is significant uncertainty in economic environment, particularly in the United States, we have not seen any fundamental change from our plan in customer demand for our products, services and solutions. Customer capital spending and project front log activity appears firm at this time. We haven't noticed any unusual order cancellation, project delays or changes in coding activity. Further, we have not seen any slow down in our U.S. [indiscernible] business at this time. However, in view of the recent changes in the macroeconomic outlook and the fact that the downside risks to growth are becoming more pronounced, it would be imprudent not to be cautious at this time. Said another way, the economic conditions necessary to hit the top end of our range are more uncertain than when we talked to you in November. So where are we? Based on what we know and can see today, Q2 is shaping up to be another solid quarter. We continue to carefully monitor numerous economic indicators and their potential impact on global customer demand. If we notice any changes in demand that might cause us to modify our outlook, we will obviously reevaluate our guidance and communicate accordingly. For now, assuming business conditions in the industrial sector remain stable, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2008. Revenue growth of 10% to 12%, excluding the effects of currency translation, EPS of $4.25 to $4.45, free cash flow of approximately 95% of net income. Going forward, the entire organization remains heads down intensely focused on generating above market revenue growth, while maintaining best-in-class operating returns. Our relentless focus on global growth, productivity and execution allows me to be cautiously optimistic about our performance in 2008. Now let me turn it over to Ted to give you more of the details on that performance. Ted?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Keith and good morning. All of my comments we'll be referencing the charts that are on our website. Turning to chart one titled Q1 results summary and starting at the top of that slide, revenue in the quarter was $1.332 billion, an increase of 16% over 2006 that includes 7% organic growth, 4% growth attributable to acquisitions and 5% due to the effects of currency translation. Segment operating earnings were $257 million, an increase of 13% year-over-year. Purchase accounting expense was up about $4 million, primarily due to acquisitions completed last year, the largest of those being ICS Triplex. General corporate net expense was $14 million, that's down about $5 million from last year, primarily due to a $6 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the remaining Baldor shares that were received in the sale of Power Systems. For the balance of this fiscal year, we expect a run rate in general corporate net expense of about $20 million to $22 million. Interest expense was $18 million, down slightly from last year. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was 28.5%, in the middle of our range of 28% to 29% guidance for the full year '08. In Q1 last year, the tax rate was 30%. EPS was $1.04 up $0.28 or 37% compared to EPS from continuing operations in Q1 last year. Average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were $151 million, down 12% from a year ago. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares at a cost of $96 million and as of December 31st still had $930 million available under our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Moving to chart two, Q4 results: Rockwell Automation. As noted previously, growth in the quarter was 16% year-over-year, a 11% excluding the effects of currency translation. Sales declined 3% sequentially, that's not unusual in terms of normal seasonal patterns and we experienced particularly good performance this quarter in the Americas with continued improvement in Asia. Moving to the earnings side of the chart, as I noted, segment earnings were up 13% year-over-year. Operating margin in the quarter was 19.3%, down one half point from the first quarter of last year, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions year-over-year. Although not displayed on the chart, our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 24.7%, up almost 3 points versus the year ago period. Please turn to the next chart which summarizes the Q1 results of the Architecture & Software segment. Sales in Q1 were up 9% year-over-year, 4% excluding the effect to currency translation. On a sequential basis, sales were up 1%. Operating margin was 25.7%, down 2.1 points from the fourth quarter of last year. Q1 last year was one of the higher margin quarters for Architecture & Software, so was a bit more difficult comparison. Revenue mix was somewhat weak in Q1 this year with processors and software as a lower percent of our total sales and Architecture & Software as a focus area for the technology and growth investments that we told you we would be making this year. A&S margins in Q1 were below our expectations for full year margin in Architecture & Software and as you'll see on the next slide, we had above average margin performance for Control Products & Solutions this quarter. Margins in both segments will vary somewhat quarter-to-quarter. Next chart, chart 4 covers our Control Products & Solutions segment. Sales in Q1 were up 22% year-over-year. That included 10% organic growth, 6% growth attributable to acquisitions and 6 points due to the effects of currency translation. Sales were down 6% sequentially, reflecting a typical seasonal pattern, particularly related to the Solutions businesses within that segment. That being said, our Solutions businesses performed very well in the quarter compared to last year and the anticipated contribution from acquisitions in this segment is on track. Operating margin improved by 1.6 points year-over-year to 14.5% and operating margin benefited from volume leverage and strong productivity performance, partially offset by the impact of the acquisitions in the segment. Let me turn now to chart 5, which shows the geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. The chart provides regional growth rates and the far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects of currency translation. As you can see on the chart, we had a strong global mix of sales in the quarter. The U.S. realized 5% year-over-year growth and Canada was up 8%, both excluding currency translation. The contribution of acquisitions in these regions was only about 1%. Latin American sales were up 28%, basically all organic growth, another great quarter for this region and overall, just very good performance in the Americas. EMEA sales were up 20% in the quarter, excluding currency impact. EMEA experienced really strong growth in Eastern Europe but was somewhat weak in the developed countries; particularly the U.K. Acquisitions has a significant impact on EMEA growth, contributing about 12 points of that growth. And Asia Pacific sales were up 13% excluding currency effects, continuing the double-digit growth we saw last quarter, acquisitions added 2 points to the growth in the Asia Pacific region. As Keith noted, we realized a very good balance in revenue this quarter with 50% sales coming from outside the U.S. Now please turn to chart six, Q1 results: free cash flow. We generated $78 million of free cash flow in Q1 compared to $74 million in the first quarter of 2007. Working capital this quarter was a $90 million use of cash. This reflected typical seasonal working capital correction in Q1 and we still expect free cash flow for the full year to be approximately 95% of net income. Please turn to chart seven, which summarizes our guidance and basically repeats Keith's comments. We are reaffirming revenue guidance of 10% to 12%, excluding the impact of currency translations. As we told you in November, our original guidance anticipated only a minor year-over-year impact due to currency. We are reaffirming to diluted EPS guidance of between $4.25 and $4.45 for the fiscal year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Rondi to begin the Q&A.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations: Okay, thank you, Ted. Natasha, we are now ready to open the line for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of John Baliotti with FTN Midwest Securities. Please proceed.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning John.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Keith, could you maybe to start of... could you go through may be some of end markets globally, sort of run down where you saw the growth and kind of how they shaped up this quarter?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, would be happy to. In the quarter, where we had above Rockwell average growth would have been in the life sciences and oil and gas industries, verticals where we were at the average would have been food, beverage, home and personal care and the semiconductor industry and where we were below our average, it would have been the automotive industry. We continue to demonstrate higher growth in the resource-based verticals and we certainly expect that is something that will be continuing. In the automotive industry, we are enjoying growth on a global basis, but that is been offset by continued weakness in the Detroit automotive market, so that's a little color behind the different segments.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. And just to follow-up on that, I know auto collectively is 10ish, little may be little bit more percent of revenue and the partnership we did at the end of the year with Dassault, do you expect, why I think they can serve the auto markets globally. Do you expect to see some benefit from that in this fiscal year or may be how do you see that playing out?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well John, we don't see much benefit of that this year in the automotive industry and it would be a global relationship and certainly one that we are very excited about because while there is other people that have other automation suppliers that also can interface with Dassault, we believe that we have unique compatibility because of the core structure of logics being that its object oriented code that really matches up nice with Dassault's PLM software and our combination, we developed a joint virtual design and production environment for our customers that enables customers and these customers now are not just the car manufacturers, but OEMs and engineering houses and system integrators that enable them to take weeks out of their design cycles. So we are excited about this as a time... as the time to market enhancer for our customers and really, this is something that tends to play out as part of new model designs as opposed to an installed base designs. So that's why it's going to take a little longer. It has to be in the front end of the design cycle, which tends to be a couple of years quite frankly. So no short-term benefit, but an exciting development to where we are continuing to partner with enterprise-wide players and in this case, an enterprise wide player in the product life-cycle management sector.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Cornell with Lehman Brothers, please proceed.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, thanks. A pretty good quarter looks like to me. Keith, could you expand on... first of all, when you talk about the visibility in the guidance of the year I mean, how far out can you reasonably see with confidence in making that statement? Is it 3 months, 6 months, I mean what was the scope of the vision out there?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Bob, I guess we really have to split it into two categories. Our flow good type business generally we have a pretty good picture, 4 to 6 weeks, generally is the play there and probably closer to 4 at the end of the day. In the project-related businesses, there we have pretty good visibility for a quarter out, reasonable visibility in two quarters and then everything gets kind of grey in the third quarter. And so we see a pretty strong projects business, certainly for our next quarter... the quarter we are in I should say. We see that is reasonable at this point for our third quarter and we still have to fill in some of it to have a successful fourth quarter. So the end of the year visibility, I would say is where we have concern at this point, given all the uncertainty in the economics market. And while we are not seeing that now, any impact now, that could have a potential impact in our fourth quarter area. So that's kind of the way we see the visibility factor going forward.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: I got it, thank you. One other question, I mean, could you go back into the next point you made in Architecture & Software, I mean it sounds... it seems to me that we've had a couple of soft quarters in software and maybe if you can just expand on both the processor issue and maybe talk a little bit about logics as well as a software?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely Bob. With respect to logics, actually we had a very good quarter in logics. We grew over 15%, which is certainly similar to our growth rate last year and given where we had some weakness in a couple of the regions, we were very happy with the logics growth. The mix issue really came about Bob because of a more rapid decline in the other part of our processors business, the legacy PLC and SLC declined at a much deeper rate than the 8% to 10% that we had in the plan. That would be the real mix issue that Ted referred to in his comments. With respect to software, software is more of a timing-related issue and it's not something that we expect to be a consistent theme for the total year.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much guys
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ned Armstrong with FBR capital markets, please proceed.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: hank you, good morning. My question had to do with the productivity initiatives that you announced. Can you one, describe a few of them and then give us some view as to how much more in gains you can get, how far out you see continuing to get those gains?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me answer the last one first. We have a consistent goal in our company that is 3% to 4% of cost productivity per year. And I see that for the next couple of years, I mean that is the target, that's the goal and that's what we work towards. And how we develop that is that we have basically a rolling forecast and window and we look out six quarters and we expect a pipeline that will deliver that 3% to 4% continuous cost productivity. And so we have a pretty good window now into the start of 2009. Now obviously this is made up... so now to back up to what is it... what are these types of activities? Well it's everything. It's in the total company. We have hundreds of initiatives that were working. Every function... this is not just in operations, our staff functions, finance, legal, HR in addition to all the businesses and the operations organization and our selling organization have to drive productivity initiatives. This is really driven by, I would say the biggest umbrella is probably around lean and Six Sigma deployment. It's also around design for six... in our design guidelines that we use and it encompasses as I said really a lot of our end to end processes that are becoming instilled in our company as we evolve into our new business system, which is really much... which is really a change in our business environment to where it's a much more integrated environment, much more an end-to-end focused process improvement and we have not started the optimization phase of those processes yet. We're going through three steps consolidation, which we pretty much have done based upon a term we use probably the last two years ago starting, functional excellence, where we consolidated a lot of back office opportunities, so that we could invest in growth. We are now in the middle of standardization of those processes, so that we can install our new business system and then it's about optimizing those end-to-end processes. So that's why we see a couple of years of runway here and it's obviously very broad.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Are there any functional areas where you are seeing notably more or less progress than you might have anticipated?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean... I guess, just maybe an obvious answer is I think some of these things are always tougher in some of the staff functions and we tend to have the most rigor and the most aggressive activities going on in our businesses, in our operations and we continue to focus on our staff and functional activities to be able to drive these process improvement, but that's the challenge I would say that is somewhat typical, but I would say we are typical in that regard.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Ned, I would also say, I think one of our successes last year, and we talked about this a bit last year, was focusing on SG&A and trying to cut our reduced admin and shift some of that resource in the selling.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's been the benefit to us is that we've been able to keep SG&A relatively flat, yet we have been able to add customer facing resources to drive growth.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay, good. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research, please proceed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Hi good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: I am wondering if we could explore the outlook a little bit because as I recall when you first initiated the 10% to 12% growth, it had in there revenue from acquisition, which was about 3 points and then I believe we were talking about roughly a point of currency and we have currency coming in very notably stronger than that in current quarter, 5% contribution. Is the core growth, which I kind of roughed out previously to be 6% to 8% excluding currency, excluding acquisition, is that core growth actually moderated in your outlook and the offset is higher currency?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no. As a matter of fact, you characterized it well at the start. Our 10% to 12% was exactly how you characterized it. It was 7% to 9% organic, maybe 6% to 8% organic, one point of currency, it was slightly under actually, and it was slightly above three points of acquisition, and that's how we got to the 10% to 12% range. What we are saying now is, it's still 10% to 12%, all of those still apply, but we did not anticipate five points of currency, which is what drove the 16% in Q1. So, and obviously, we are not very good at predicting currency, particularly the multiple currencies that we now operate in with 50% of our sales outside the U.S. But we are still reaffirming the 10% to 12%, which is made up of, just as you said it, six to eight organic, three a little under three acquisitions and a little under one in currency, and that's why we are still 10% to 12%. But if the exchange rate continues along this line, we will generate more revenue based upon currency than is in the 10% to 12% forecast or guidance.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: I see. Okay, so the guidance is kind of based on currency relationships at the start of the year and you're really not tuning that up?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely right. That's a good way to think of it. Based upon where we expect it during the planning period.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Well Mark, to say it differently, basically what we are reaffirming is our organic growth guidance plus acquisition effect and there was a small component of currency in the original guidance.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay, got it. And then, could you talk a little bit, just to follow up on the A&S business that did seem to slow down somewhat sequentially. You talked about what was going on the logics versus some of the legacy processors. What about some of the growth initiatives like process in particular and guard logics as the safety initiatives, if those contribute their momentum?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, we would be happy to talk about those because actually those are great highlights for the quarter. First as I mentioned earlier, Logics grew over 15% and in fact greater than three quarters of the Logics sales growth in quarter one came from process and compact logics, which means our process and OEM initiatives are fuelling a lot of the growth in A&S, which is a real positive because that's where we have been making the investments. So that is very encouraging and certainly reinforces why we are making those investments. If you look at process as the initiative which is broader than just logics, but the process initiative, the quarter one growth rate was 27% year-over-year and if you include the acquisitions, it's 80% year-over-year. So we've had great core growth in the U.S. in process, up 25%. In Asia, processes up 36% and in Europe EMEA processes up 54%. So really, great performance in process and we continue to win larger orders, which means we're broadening our ability to... we have broader industry and application coverage than we historically had in just the batch hybrid space. And obviously with the acquisitions in particular, ICS Triplex that gives us a great entrée into customers and we're already seeing good leverage and good synergy in that activity. So processes continues to be a very positive development for us.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Great, that's very helpful. Thanks Keith.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet Mark, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Citigroup Investment Research. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you very much. Good morning guys.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Keith, just a few things. Could you remind us how you would characterize the mix of your sales now between projects and flow type business, just kind of percent of sales?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Think about, I'll give you a very rough, think of half of the Controlled Products and Solutions segment as being solutions and services revenue.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Yes.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the balance is flow good sales.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. And would you characterize any of A&S's flow?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, oh, I'm sorry, all is flow. No, I think when we talk about flow; it's all in flow in that it's a quick order and shipment. So it comes in we ship it out. But the end use of that obviously flows into system integrators and into solution providers as well as our internal MPS business and those people are project driven. So there is an element of our A&S business that also flows into projects, but from a operational standpoint, it's the order comes in and it shippable generally within the same month that it ships in and that's a distinction that Ted is making. If you look at the lead times and our visibility that's why we talk about, we have good visibility from a project standpoint for about 25% of our business. But when you look at, the utilization of our components, we still have... there is still probably another third of our business that or more that flows into projects whether they'd be short-term Brownfield expansions in plants or Greenfield large projects that have a typical project capital CapEx type of capital spending and really the MRO replacement market, I think is what you were referring to Jeff, that's probably around a third to 40% of our A&S business is based upon installed base as opposed to either short-term projects or long-term CapEx type spending.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And the piece of A&S that is project related, do you have the same visibility into those projects or do you see --?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have a good visibility into those projects and that's why I made the comment that, we have not seen any change in project coding activity, in customer requests for us, or in spending of our customers. So, that is where we do understand we have a backlog in that business and that we feel very confident in our second quarter Solutions outlook. We feel somewhat confident in the third quarter and the fourth quarter continues to have a risk in it based upon the ability to change projects or to reduce capital spending at our customers.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then do you think there is anything to glean from the legacy PLC weakness or the software lumpiness, I mean is the legacy PLC weakness MRO plans maybe getting put on hold at year-end or things like that any --?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we still believe for the year it will in our 8 to 10 range. I believe what we can glean from it is that business was tougher in the Detroit automotive market in our fourth quarter... in our first quarter than we anticipated. And I think that's where we saw the significant difference and that's what we were expecting to change over the remainder of the year. So I would say, the takeaway is only that it's even a tougher road that the Ford, GM and Chrysler are going through at this point in their North American channels because all of them are spending more aggressively outside the U.S. But I think we are seeing the impact in the U.S. to be a little deeper and a little stronger than we anticipated earlier and that would be the only takeaway that we are getting at this point in time from our first quarter performance.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then not to put two finer point on the rounding on this guidance, but... so I mean the guidance is 10 to 12 ex-currency, and currency was supposed to be 3 so that was 7 to 9. I mean the --?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no. Jeff, currency was less than one.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: I'm sorry, I misspoke, deals were supposed to be 3 so for 10 to 12 ex-currency, and then we take out deals at 3, we were at 7 to 9 organic?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well, the fine point that I was making was it was slightly above three on acquisition, and not a total point on currency. And so that where you still finding the play in the numbers.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. So, although the prior guidance they're excluding currency, there was essentially a little bit of currency in there?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Minor amount.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then given that currency is the wild card here maybe or one of the wild cards, how do we think about the profit fall through on currency, if you are getting it? Certainly I wouldn't expect it to come through your incremental margins, but would it come through at your average margin rates or is there some other offsets elsewhere in the P&L?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, first of all, I would say we haven't had a lot of experience with kind of major currency impacts we are seeing right now. But if we look back at our past experience, it would say that typically the conversion on currency is less than our normal operating margin rates.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Can you tell us how much it was in this quarter?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know... plus or minus something, call it around 10%.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. And then just one last one for me, just a little more color on Europe may be, Keith. So you called out U.K. a little bit weaker, is there some distinction there between kind of OEM machine builders versus kind of legacy type automation business and what do you see going on in Germany?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, a couple of comments with Europe. Yes, we did call out the U.K. is a little weak and I think it is just a weak manufacturing environment in the country and nothing particular to us. With respect to Germany, Germany is the area where we have focused our activity particularly with the OEMs, to your point. It is a very strong OEM market and we continue to see a success there, which is one of the reasons CompactLogix grew at such at a high rate, it is because of the ability to work with OEMs and we are not seeing any change in Germany. As a matter of fact, our first quarter performance in Germany was stronger than last year. So we think some of the actions we're taking are helping us improve our position in Europe and we certainly believe that somewhat independent of the economy because of our market share, we can continue to grow share at an accelerated rate above GDP, or continue to grow our business above GDP growth in developed Europe, simply because of our market share position. So we remain very optimistic with our outlook on Germany and on Europe except for the U.K., that's a little tougher and we are going to have to work through the slowness in that economy.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Great, thanks a lot.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan, please proceed.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Hi good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Just a question, one more question on the guidance. The operating margin target I didn't see that in the slides. Could you have provided that last quarter?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean... go ahead.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: 19.7, I think it's sustained.
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are still guiding for basically sustained operating margin over fiscal '07.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So basically no change there?
Theodore D. Crandall - Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then Latin America continues to put up great numbers in it. I know it's small, but it's growing very fast. What's driving the business down there?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think two things; one, we've got a pretty good team that is executing very well, but the markets are favorable. And I think, we are into multiple years of financial stability and political stability and high resource prices. And so that combination is making people want to invest and drive in investment and so the oil and gas, the mining, the metals market and a growing consumer because of the creation of wealth to build up of a stronger middle class, we get some consumer industry growth as well. But it's really a natural resource based development and the fact that we see those high prices continuing, we believe it will continue to be a favorable investment scenario unless we have a hiccup in the financial or the political environment.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Got you. And then one final question, I am not sure I understood your comments earlier, you said in your prepared remarks, making the high end of the range a little more uncertain. Are you just saying that you are getting a little more benefits from ForEx so you are not changing the range, but the high end of the operating guidance, given where we are today in the macro environment seems a little more. I am just trying to clarify that comment.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes sure, sure. I think the clarification is, there is greater uncertainty at the higher end given the macro environment, that's the economic environment that we are in today than when we gave the guidance three months ago. That's just the only point that I was trying to make. I would say more risks, greater uncertainty because of a unclear macro economic environment that's I guess that's what I was trying to say.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Got you. Good quarter in a tough environment. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Robert Baird, please proceed.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yes, good morning Keith.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Richard.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Also and Ted, sorry. I wanted to just clarify on the flow goods side of the business Keith, how often do you get a read on the sell through from the distributors?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we do that with great detail every quarter. We do pulse checks in between those quarters and we did a very strong look this... the first three weeks of January to try to understand what exactly was occurring and what they were seeing and what they were sensing, and with distributors they tend to have a pretty good picture a quarter out. After that, it gets a little tougher for them. The other thing we're able to do is, we're able to monitor inventory of our distributors and certainly, we have the systems capability and the connectivity to be able to understand any unusual patterns in inventory build up or lack of inventory purchases on an ongoing basis. So those are the types of things that we're able to do. One is very clear, the inventory; the second one is just kind of a pulse test of what are they sensing, what are they feeling and how are they anticipating the outlook given the environment that they can see it in and the customers that they are in front of every possible day. And certainly, when we did that, when we did that check in the... during the first three weeks of January, it was a positive outlook and balance and certainly the majority felt that they were going to see continued growth and that's why we're talking about a solid second quarter because of our distributor comments in particular just now that I'm talking about is mainly in the U.S. and Canada where we do the strong distributor survey and analysis.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then exiting the fourth quarter, the project business was quite strong. I mean you had some backlog there and you suggested that business would outgrow the A&S business in the first quarter. Is it reasonable to look at that business to control solutions business and ask if you had, did you ever book to build greater than one in that business in the first quarter?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we did. It is possible to look at it and in fact that is exactly what happens. So another good quarter for our CP&S business and to Ted's comments earlier, the majority of that was build up in our solution businesses, so.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And Keith, as we are into this macro environment at some point, where nobody seems to know where, the mix of business over the next few quarters will most likely favor the CP&S business I presume. But what does that mix of business tell you today relative to your experience with the business cycle and demand cycles?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think what... I guess two comments. One is that a little more color around just the CP&S business, what we are seeing is somewhat unique from my experiences, but it's unique from two standpoints. One, we've made a number of acquisitions that have added to our capabilities in the solution side of our business. So some of the growth is coming from acquisitions and historically, we did not have a lot in that area. So that's a little bit different. But secondly, this is a prolonged period for investment because of what's happening in the resource based industry and in the last cycles, we didn't have the demands of the China, the demands of India, the demand of Brazil, the demands of Eastern Europe and Russia, offsetting a potential weakness in the U.S. and or Western Europe, so there is just a more... the supply chain is tighter, there is continued emerging market growth and I would say that is what's very different than what we had during previous business cycles where truly is a global economy with global competition for commodities and I think that's a lot of what's driving the CP&S growth and its obviously is influencing why we are seeing CP&S at a stronger growth rate now than A&S and what we projected for the full year is that is CP&S will have a stronger growth than A&S and nothing we've seen at this point would tell us its any different as its going to play out at this time.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay thank you.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations: Operator, we will now take one last caller.
Operator: Alright. Your final question comes from the line of John Inch with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Hey, question I guess on, this question about the 6% to 8% organic growth rate sort of without splitting hairs, but down from 7% to 9%. What is the delta again? Is it kind of a bit of currency or is it Europe because that's... it was my other question, Europe came in organically at 7 and you thought it was going to be mid to high teens in the year and yet you got some reasonably top comps coming up in Europe, may be a little color there, Keith?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, well first, we expect the Europe to be low to mid.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: I am sorry, yes.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Growth so, just as to be there, just to make sure that's clear. The color on Europe is it was a slow quarter for us. I wouldn't say anything in particular. We have a strong outlook there, based upon activity, based upon some order flow, but really we need to improve our execution in Europe to be able to continue to drive towards the guidance in that we gave earlier, which was low to mid single-digit... double-digit organic growth. So I don't think there is anything you need in Europe. We are very pleased with the implementation of the strategy. We continue to add selling resources in Europe and certainly our outlook is to be able to grow even in a difficult economic environment because of our low shares. So John, I don't believe there is anything more in Europe other than just a weak quarter for us and we have to execute our strategy and our actions a little more aggressively and a little stronger the remaining three quarters of the year.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes, that's helpful, thanks. If I can just go back to the discussion you had with Jeff Sprague around sort of around the revenues, I guess the question really in my mind, it kind of a little bit of confusing. If you were to look at your total revenues Keith, what proportion would you have four to six weeks of visibility, what's the rest of it that would have sort of longer tail of visibility?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think a simple way to think of it is 75% of our sales short visibility, 25% of our sales long visibility. And that's weeks versus months, is the way I would characterize that.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Right, now I understand. Then just lastly, looks like you built a little bit of working capital in the quarter. Is that in response to demand trends or is there something somewhat unusual about this quarter vis-à-vis the cash and the working capital build?
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think you would find its not unusual for us to have a correction in working capital when we go from Q1 to... from Q4 to Q1. Probably the other thing this quarter though was inventory is up a little bit more than we would have expected. We had an SAP go live on January 2nd, we did deliberately build some inventory in anticipation of that. I would expect that to correct itself over the next of couple of quarters.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay John. Thank you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle - Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations: Okay. That concludes today's call and thank you all for joining us.
Operator: At this time, you all may disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Ted Crandall: Analysts Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers John Baliotti - FTN MidwestSecurities Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Mark Koznarek - ClevelandResearch John Inch - Merrill Lynch Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse
Operator: Thank you for holding, andwelcome to the Rockwell Automation Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remindeveryone that today's conference is being recorded. Later in the call, we willopen up the lines for questions. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would hike toturn the call over to Rondy Roigrally, Rockwell Automation Vice President ofInvestor Relations. Ms. Roigrally, please go ahead.
Rondy Roigrally: Thank you, Francis. Good morning,and thank you all for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter 2007earnings release conference call. Our results were released earlier thismorning, and have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Awebcast of the audio portion of this all and all of the charts that wereference during the call are available at that website. These will remainthere for next 30 days. With me today are: Keith Nosbusch,our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes openingremarks by Keith, followed by Ted's review of both the quarter and our outlook.Ted will then turn it back over to Keith for an update on our capitalstructure. We will, as always, leave time at the end of call the call to takeyour questions and ask that you self limit to two questions to allow broaderparticipation. We expect the call today to takeabout one hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you thatour comments will include statements related to the expected future results ofour company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by thePrivate Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differmaterially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks anduncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all ofour SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call overto Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondy, and good morningto everyone who's joined us on today's call. Let me start by making a fewcomments about this quarter, and the second half of the year. First, our strong performance inthe fourth quarter and second half of the year demonstrated our ability toexecute on our growth and performance strategies, again validating the strengthof our business model. Second, I'm extremely proud ofthe efforts of our management team and employees in delivering these impressiveresults. It is gratifying to note that our performance in Q4 and the secondhalf of the year played out very much as we expected--modest revenueacceleration in the U.S.,continued strength in Europe and Latin America, improved performance in Asia,improved earnings performance, including much better productivity realization. And finally, this quarter cappedanother very good year for Rockwell Automation. Not only did we deliverexcellent operating results, our successful disposition of the Power Systemsbusiness was a major milestone in the transformation of our company. Now, please flip to chart one inthe reference material we posted in the web that summarizes our full yearresults. The numbers on this page depict a very successful year by any measure.Let me highlight a few. We achieved 10% revenue growthreflecting our more diverse revenue base. We saw strong organic growth outsideof North America, with particular strength in Europeand Latin America. We also continued to see outstandingrevenue growth in our process, CompactLogix and safety businesses, as well asin the Life Sciences Vertical. Our ICS Triplex acquisition addeda point of growth, and our recent acquisitions will become an importantcontributor to growth in fiscal 2008. For the full year, we delivered operatingearnings growth of 13%, and segment operating margins of nearly 20%. Although we started the year abit slowly, improved productivity results made an important contribution to ourmargin performance. EPS from continuing operations increased by 29% to $3.70,hitting the high end of our July guidance range. 2007 was another strong year forfree cash flow at $531million, or 93% of net income, from continuingoperations. And we saw continued improvement in ROIC of 2 points, to more than24%. Enough about the past; let'sfocus on the future. 2008 will be a very exciting year for Rockwell Automation.We have laid out an ambitious plan, one that raises expectations for executionand reflects the continued transformation of our company, and evolution of ourbusiness model. We believe our investments in keygrowth drivers, such as technology leadership, expanded certain markets andstrengthened global market presence, are creating more opportunities for growththan ever before. As we look into 2008 and beyond, our strategy is to ensurethat our existing and planned investments are aimed directly at driving ustoward long-term sustainable higher growth. With that said, let's focus on2008. We expect our growth rate will be at or better than 2000 levels driven inlarge part by investments we have made in acquisitions, in new products,services, technologies and capabilities to serve new applications and marketsand, third, globalizing our business model and re-instituting, reconstitutingour manufacturing footprint in order to put us closer to our customers. Much of our growth is coming fromnew areas and acquisitions. Our services and solutions business is become alarger portion of our revenue and we continue to evolve our global footprint,not just in manufacturing, but in engineering, back office, and customersupport infrastructure. We will continue to make thesekinds of investments, to drive growth and sustain long-term businessperformance. In 2008, these investments, particularly the effect ofacquisitions, will have an impact on our margins and consequently; we are notprojecting further margin expansion in 2008. Before I turn it over to Ted todiscuss Q4 results and 2008 in more detail, I would like to conclude by sayingour demonstrated ability to diversify our revenue base, combined with ourrecent acquisitions, causes us to be optimistic that 2008 will be another goodyear for Rockwell Automation. We remain intensely focused onexecuting our growth and performance initiatives and are committed to highergrowth while maintaining best in class margins and returns. Now, over to Ted.
Ted Crandall: Thanks, Keith, and good morning,to all who called in. My comments will continue to reference the charts on ourwebsite. Turning to slide two--Q4 resultssummary.This slide summarizes key items from the income statements. Starting atthe top, the revenue in the quarter was $1.370 billion, an increase of 15% over2006. 4% attributable to the effects ofcurrency translation, 3% to acquisitions primarily ICS Triplex, leaving 8%organic growth. Segment earnings were $275 million, up 21% year-over-year,resulting in a 1-percentage point improvement in margin. Purchase accounting expense wasup $5 million, versus last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to the ICSacquisition. Walking down the page, you'll note that general corporate net was$22 million down, about $1 million from last year. For 2008, you should think ofgeneral corporate net expense of about $20 million-$22 million as a normalquarterly run rate. Interest expense was $14.9 million, down slightly from lastyear's fourth quarter. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was 29.2%, that'sup about 5 points from last year. You may recall that in lastyear's fourth quarter, we recorded a $14.4 million benefit related to therecognition of certain tax assets, which drove down the effective tax rate.This brings the full year effective tax rate for fiscal '07 to 27.8%. The small amount of income fromdiscontinued ops in this quarter primarily relates to a tax gain associatedwith the Power Systems cell. The $26.7 million in Q4 of 2006 is primarilyattributable to Power Systems results of operations. One more comment before weget to share count. The change in accounting impact that you see in the 2006fourth quarter relates to the adoption of FIN 47 accounting for assetretirement obligations. Okay, now to share count. Averagediluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 153.2 million, down, 13% from ayear ago. During the quarter, we repurchased 13.7 million shares at a cost of$258 million, and as of September 30, still had $26 million available under ourprevious $1 billion repurchase authorization. Let's move to the third chart,which shows a bridge of EPSfrom continuing operations from last year's fourth quarter to this year.Reported EPS in Q4 last year was $0.89. That included a gain of $0.07 relatedto the sale of our interest in Rockwell Scientific. Excluding the impact of thisgain, our starting point for quarterly EPS comparison is $0.82. With $0.82 asthe starting point, year-over-year EPS growth for the quarter was $0.25, or30%. $0.18 of this increase is attributable to volume, margin and other items,while $0.14 of that growth was due to lower share count. The higher tax rate inthe fourth quarter of this year resulted in $0.07 lower EPS. The next chart is a bridge of EPS from continuing operationsfor the full year 2007. Again, excluding the $0.07, due to the RockwellScientific gain, our starting point for EPS comparison for fiscal 2006 is$2.87. Our comparison to fiscal year '08is $3.70, which excludes special charges taken in the second quarter. That's an$0.83, or 29% increase, in EPS. $0.45 is due to all other earnings-relatedcontributions and reduced share count at $0.38 to the EPS growth. I'll now move to chart five: Q4results, Rockwell Automation, continuing operations. As always, we're showingtotal Rockwell results over the past five quarters, excluding power systems. As I said before, our growth inthe quarter was 15% year-over-year--8% of that growth was organic, while 4% wasattributable to the effects of currency translation, and 3% to acquisitions. Sales were up 7% sequentiallyfrom a regional prospective. Growth was led by strong performances in the U.S.and Latin America, with improvement in Asia,and another good quarter from Europe. Moving to the earnings side ofthe chart, segment earnings were up 21% year-over-year. Operating margin in thequarter was 20.1%, up 1 point from the fourth quarter of last year. It is not displayed on the chart,but our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 21%-24.1%, upalmost two points versus the year ago period. I’d like to go to the next chart,which summarizes the Q4 results of the architecture and software segment. Salesin Q4 were up 8% year-over-year--5% ,excluding the effects of currencytranslation. On a sequential basis, sales weredown 2% for the quarter. That was not unexpected, given a very strong thirdquarter. Operating margin was 25.5%, up 1.4 points from the fourth quarter oflast year. Segment earnings benefited from volume and productivity efforts,partially offset by inflation. Chart seven covers our controlledproducts and solutions segment. Sales in Q4 were up 20% year-over-year, with 5%of that growth coming from acquisitions and 4% due to the effects of currencytranslation. Sales were up 15% sequentially,with 4% coming from acquisitions. Our solutions businesses performed very wellin the quarter, and we believe we are getting good traction from ouracquisitions and from the build out of our global domain expertise. Margins improved by one pointyear-over-year to 16.2%, and segment earnings benefited from volume andproductivity efforts partially offset by inflation. Let me now turn to the geographicbreakdown of our sales in the quarter. This chart provides regional growthrates and the far right column shows growth rates excluding the effects ofcurrency translation and acquisitions. As you can see on the chart, wehad a strong quarter in the U.S.at 7% growth. AMEA sales were up 8% in the quarter, a bit lower then previousquarters, but still very healthy and we believe we have increased share in thisregion in 2007. Latin American sales were up 19%,another strong performance in this region; and Asia Pacific sales were up 11%,our best growth quarter of the year for Asia. Let me turn to slide nine, freecash flow. We had $185 million of free cash flow from continuing operations inQ4, excluding tax payments related to the gain on the sale of Power Systems. This was 113% of net income, anddemonstrated continued improvement compared to the first two quarters of theyear, despite somewhat higher CapEx in the fourth quarter. Free cash flow forthe full year was $531 million, or 93% of net income from continuingoperations. Moving onto our guidance, slideten highlights some headwind and tailwinds that will affect fiscal 2008. Whilewe expect growth to continue, we are planning for somewhat slower rates of growthin developed economies. Conversely, on the top right-handside of the page, we show anticipated revenue tailwinds. These include anexpectation of continued strength in emerging markets. As you heard from Keith, we alsobelieve we'll create a strong momentum in our growth initiatives--particularlyprocess, safety and OEM, and we expect continued payoff from the commercialinvestments we've made in AMEA and Latin America, andimproved performance in Asia--especially China. Acquisitions are expected to addabout three points to growth in 2008, the largest contribution coming from ICSTriplex. In the lower left box, you'll see earnings headwinds. While acquisitions provide atailwind on revenue, the acquisition revenue we are adding is primarily a solutionsbusiness, at typical solutions businesses margins. Taking into account thislower margin volume and integration costs, acquisitions will put downwardpressure on operating margin in 2008, and that, along with purchase accountingexpense, will create some negative impact on EPS. Keith talked about variousinvestments we are making, to continue to globalize the business, and ensurelonger-term sustained business performance. So, I will not repeat all of thatdetail. And obviously, we will experience some inflation in material andemployment costs. On the tailwind side of earnings,we do expect to benefit from volume leverage. We also have great momentum inour productivity programs and continue to expect 3%-4% benefit in 2008. Andyear-over-year, we expect lower share count, to continue to contribute toearnings per share. I'll move to slide or chart 11,now. This slide summarizes specific elements of our fiscal 2008 guidance, witha comparison to 2007. Our full year revenue growth guidance is 10%-12% withslightly higher growth for controlled products and solutions, than forarchitecture and software. Of the total company growth, anestimated 3% is coming from acquisitions--most of that in controlled productsand solutions. We expect operating margin to be about equal to 2007. The impact of acquisitions isexpected to reduce operating margin by approximately one point. Between volumeleverage, price and productivity, we believe we can cover inflation, theinvestments that Keith talked about, and hold margins about equal to fiscalyear '07. We expect the effective tax ratefor 2008 to be in the range of 28%-29%. As we have noted before, the occurrenceof discrete tax events, if any, could cause the actual rate in any quarter tovary. Taking into account therepurchase authorization announced yesterday, we expect diluted sharesoutstanding to average about $150 million in '08, compared to $161 million in'07. We're providing diluted EPS guidance of between $4.25-$4.45 for fiscal2008. We expect free cash flow of about95% of net income with some growth in working capital, primarily to supportgrowth outside of North America, and we expect ourreturn on invested capital to be up about another two points. Now, I'll turn it back over toKeith for an update related to capital structure.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Ted. Before we go intoQ&A, I want to take a few minutes and comment on our capital structure. Wepreviously told you, we have been evaluating our capital structure and promisedan update in early fiscal '08. We talked about two trigger events completingthe deployment of the cash proceeds from the Power Systems divesture, andupcoming maturities of long-term debt in January, and the decision regardingrefinancing. We will provide our update today.At September 30th, we nearly completed the previous $1 billion salereauthorization--repurchase authorization, I should say. In total, duringfiscal year '07, we repurchased almost 24 million shares, for a total of about$1.5 billion. In the past four years, we haverepurchased 53 million shares for a total of about $3 billion or cumulatively,29% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the period. In that samefour-year period, we have increased our dividends by 76%, and paid out a totalof over $600 million. Our cash deployment prioritieshave not changed. Our first priority is growth, and we are committed to fundingboth organic growth and acquisitions that fit our strategy. Beyond those needs,we intend to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and sharerepurchase. To that end, as we disclosed in yesterday's press release, ourBoard approved a new share repurchase authorization of $1 billion. We would expect to execute thisauthorization over the next two years. We will fund the repurchases with excesscash from operations. We will be flexible quarter-to-quarter and will moderaterepurchases based on organic growth and acquisition opportunities and free cashflow generation. The strength of our businessmodel and our strong cash generation capability puts us in the enviableposition of being able to fund aggressive growth and return significant cash toour shareholders through dividends and a sustained share repurchase program. Wealso intend to issue long-term debt of up to $500 million. The proceeds of thisdebt will primarily be used to reduce outstanding debt including retiring $350million of notes due in January, 2008, and to fund acquisitions such asPavilion Technologies. Now, let's open it up to Q&A.Rondy?
Rondy Roigrally: Thank you, Keith. Operator we're nowready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Yourfirst question comes from the line of Bob Cornell with Lehman Brothers. Pleaseproceed.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hi, everybody.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Well, I would probably say forthe collective audience, congratulations for hitting the second half thatnobody believed seven months ago in the forecast. And so, that gives usconfidence in the '08 guidance. But I think the first question is, what's goingon with the Logix in the quarter and Processor Group and what is theexpectation for those pieces of the company in the '08 guidance?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. Well, we had a very goodquarter and a very good year in Logix. Logix's growth, for the year, was 15%.We continued the pattern of two thirds of the Logix sales coming from processand CompactLogix. So, therefore, we continue to see market share gains in theprocess space that we've entered and also add OEM's on a worldwide basis. As we have previously said, 20%growth requires strong performance in all regions, and this past year we didnot achieve what we needed in Asia and Canadafor us to be able to hit the target of 20%. But, we had very strong growth inAMEA, very strong growth in Latin America, and goodgrowth in the U.S.throughout the year in Logix.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Keith, I think people arewondering why you didn't explain exactly what was going on in the processorgroup in this quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, let me answer that, Bob.Today, we have a much broader business than compared to when we startedfeaturing Logix, back four years ago. And, certainly, Logix is still a keysuccess driver for Rockwell, but with globalization, acquisitions. We are evolving into atechnology-driven solutions business of which the Processor is really only onepart of that total solution, and so our goal here, now, going forward, is tonot just feature and highlight Logix, but to talk about the evolution, and howwe're growing the total business, and how Logix allows us to expand into thesenew areas. So, it's not just a single focusany more on Logix; it's the broader breadth of the portfolio and thecapabilities that brings us to address more markets, more customer applications,and drive a broader set of capabilities across the company. But, it's still the focal pointof what we're trying to do, to put ourselves in a position to transform thecompany--but it's not the only dimension of us as a company anymore, and it'sfor that reason, Bob, that we're starting to not always focus on it as the mainactivity of Rockwell Automation. It's no less important. Itcertainly had a very good year and there's nothing on the horizon, quitefrankly, that says it's not going to continue to grow and, in fact, in 2008 ourtarget is another year of 20% growth for that family. So, once again, you know it'sbecoming a $650 million business, and for that to continue to grow at 20%, wedo need to hit on all cylinders and certainly that's the expectations that wehave as a management team going into 2008.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, one other question,…Keith,thanks, that's a good answer. How about the momentum in Asia?It's better this quarter. Maybe just do a bit more of a documentation of whatyou've done, and did you see the business accelerate as the quarter went on,and how does Asia fit into the '08 guidance? Chinain particular.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, sure, Bob. Well, certainly Asiaperformed better in the second half of the year, and in particular, Chinaperformed better in the second half of the year. As we've talked previously, weneed to have emerging Asia growing at 20% or more for usto feel that we're growing market share and, more importantly making an impactin the region. And for next year, we'reexpecting that Chinawill grow at that level, and that all of emerging Asiawill grow at that level, and likewise we had talked about the need for Asiato be growing at a 15% rate, in total, and that is our expectation for nextyear. So, we still have...we talked about this…A couple of last calls… We're very happy with themomentum we have coming out of the year in Asia. But wealso know that we still have more to do and we are working diligently ongetting that done. But we like the progress we've made. We have more work to doand we certainly expect 2008 to be better yet than 2007 was in Asia.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question comes from theline of John Baliotti with FTN Midwest Securities. Please proceed.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Good morning, Keith.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, John.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Just to tie up a loose end withBob's question. 15% for the year for Logix would imply high teens for thequarter; is that accurate?
Keith Nosbusch: That's correct. Almost, basically,the same number--just slightly under 15.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. And with respect to youroverall guidance for margins for 2008, you said about 100 basis points ofheadwind with M&A acquisitions done and then offsetting inflation, and soon. So, would--maybe Ted would answer this—so, overall, you would expectunderlying core margins to be up 100-150 basis points, somewhere around there,to offset that?
Ted Crandall: Yes. I mean, roughly, basicallyjust the offset to the acquisition impact.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Right. Okay. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Just a question on the revenueoutlook. You talked a lot about the initiatives and the expanded marketsbenefiting your number. It's a pretty good number especially relative to thecautious commentary we're hearing from some other companies. What's your kindof core, if you looked at your core markets by geography, what are yourexpectations there I guess? You can just give an underlying market growth rateand then we can get an idea of what kind of premium that you're execution isdriving on the top line?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, with respect to what ourexpectations are for our growth in each one of the regions, we're expecting theU.S. growth tobe in the mid-single-digits. We expect Canadato be at roughly right around 10%; Latin America--high-teens growth; AMEA--mid-teensgrowth; and Asia mid- to high-teens growth. Like we saidearlier, slightly over that 15% target that we hold out for where we need to beso. So, that's how we're kind ofviewing our growth on a region basis, that rolls up into the overall targetthat Ted identified in the guidance.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: So, when you look at it this way,the U.S., actually end markets that you would look at, are probably flat to upso you continue to take share there in AMEA, I am not sure if you are includingICS in there, but looks like you're continuing to take share there, and thatactually accelerates from the rates you put up in the fourth quarter, and thenin Asia, you're kind of getting back to a market-type of growth rate…is thatfrom a high level, good way to look at it?
Keith Nosbusch: From a high level the only thingI would comment on Europe, the number did not includeICS.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay.
Keith Nosbusch: So, we would be growing fasterthen the market in Europe. We would expect to beslightly taking share in Asia as opposed to just atmarket growth rates next year. If we hit our targets, but your high levelcharacterization was correct.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: What gives you the confidencethat Europe accelerates from the fourth, orreaccelerates to rates its saw in the first half?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, the confidence is in thecontinued execution of the strategy that we put in there a couple of, wellbasically now two years ago. The continued focus on where we havedifferentiation, which is all about the integrated architecture, the focus onOEM's, which we continue to feel is an area that we can get better at as acompany, and the focus on some of the key verticals that we believe, we canonce again create that differentiation. And then, finally, Europeis not a homogenous entity, and, quite frankly, we think there are some areaswhere we can perform better then we did this past year. And where we have put that intothe equation, as well. So, I guess it's really that aspect is about thecontinuous improvement culture we're building here. We had a very good year in Europe.We feel, we can do a little better there and that plus the other areas are whywe have optimism in our ability to continue to drive growth in that region.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay, and then just a nitpickyone, on share count. You're looking fo,r I guess, 150 for the year, but I guessyou finished around that area. I mean, I would expect that to be lower. Is thatjust conservatism on the timing of your buybacks--timing of cash flows? 150just seems kind of a conservative number.
Ted Crandall: Well, Steve, our fourth quarterwas 153.2, and that's fully diluted after the fourth quarter.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Where did you end in the fourthquarter though?
Ted Crandall: 152.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. Got you. Okay. That makessense.
Ted Crandall: Okay.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Great, thanks a lot.
Ted Crandall: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Is it fair to say, when we'relooking at 2008 that it's going to be broadly driven by services, both internalservice growth and acquisition and not so much by hardware products and that'sone of the key reasons why we're not seeing as a dramatic margin leverage aswe've in the past?
Keith Nosbusch: No, I don't think that's thecase. If you look at the growth next year, it's fairly balanced betweenthe--I'll call it--the more component product businesses and the solutionsbusiness. Now there is some mix within that, and then obviously, we have theacquisitions aspect that tips it, probably, a little favorably, to thesolutions business next year because of that.
Ted Crandall: Mark, just to say that justslightly differently, the acquisition volume addition is primarilysolutions-based. If you take that out and what is left in the core business,there is pretty balanced growth across the portfolio.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. So, excluding theacquisitions, we're doing something like 8%-10% range?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: And so, I'm kind weaving towardsa question, which is, in order to generate 8%-10% on the solutions slide, isthere another tranch of personnel additions in the vertical market space that’sgoing to be required similar to the programs you've been executing over thelast couple of years?
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I wouldn't, Mark, Iwouldn't say there's a tranch of people coming in. What I will say is, that ourgrowth is occurring in new areas; that we don't have the ability to leverage anexisting infrastructure, and so our increases are in support of growth, and theability to drive the growth and sustain the growth in the new areas--whether itbe the new geographies or, as you said, some things with respect to verticals, somethings with respect to the process space--but these are all new areas forRockwell Automation that we're trying to be able to maintain a high growth ratein, and that's what is driving the additional investments that we're talkingabout.
Ted Crandall: Hey, Mark, just oneclarification. Our guidance for total Rockwell is 10%-12% growth. We talkedabout 3% of that coming from acquisitions; I am sorry 9%-11%. So, it'sbasically 6%-8%.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. Good, thanks for thatclarification. And then, I apologize, I got on the call just a minute or twolate, but did you say anything about Pavilion Technologies? And if not, couldyou explain it a little bit, and kind of give us a rough idea of the size?
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. We have not. I did not makeany comment to that, directly. I spoke to acquisitions in general, but PavilionTechnologies really adds advanced processed control to our portfolio, and it'san expansion of our control competencies and capabilities and it is reallyfocused, today at least, in the processed space, and what it is, is basically apredictive modeling capability. Its production performancemanagement and environmental compliance solutions for mainly the process, butalso the hybrid industries, and what they bring us is the ability to improvemanufacturing processes, bringing around real-time plant-wide optimization, andit's very analogous to what we're talking about, with respect to plant-widecontrol and the ability now, to create the optimization layer and thepredictive modeling control, and optimization software platform that's requiredin a lot of the advance process control applications in industry today. And it helps us in a number ofverticals, including some very interesting ones for us. The ethanol bio fuelsarea--obviously, oil and gas, with our investment in ICS Triplex, andultimately into some of the consumer goods and consumer product areas. So, it'sa great acquisition that continues to expand our control capability plant wideand it is an important addition to our business.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Is it 1% of sales, that kind ofrange?
Keith Nosbusch: It is, let me do the notes; it'sless then 1% of sales.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Keith Nosbusch: You bet, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of John Inch with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, Keith. Hey, just asa clarification, those growth rate expectations in overseas markets were thoseorganic or does that include the contributions from foreign exchange?
Keith Nosbusch: When I gave you those numbers,those were organic. It did not include currency or acquisitions.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So, just to be clear, I mean. Soorganically, EMEA, Keith, this year, was up about 14%. You think thatreplicates? Your expectation for Europe has fully dialedin kind of this $1.48, $1 versus Euro, and $100 oil--you feel confident insustaining that trend?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I mean we feel confident. Imean, I think out of the two of them that you mentioned, it's hard, I mean wedon't have a clear understanding of what $100 a barrel of oil does, because ithas positives and negatives. The great positive is all of ourcustomers want to save a lot of energy and that's a great opportunity for us asa company. And certainly the industry with oil that high invests a lot, so thepeople that are in that supply chain are looking for more ways of finding moreoil or alternatives to oil become very attractive. So those are all positives. The negative is, it's an inputcost to people and what does it mean to where they can invest, and I don'tthink that's played out yet. So, that remains a wild card and is something thatwe'll get a better feel for as the year plays out. But we so far, I would sayindustry as proven to be able to absorb $80 a barrel pretty well. So, where thepoint is, I'm not sure, but we have not seen a change in behaviors at thispoint in time.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes, well if you can pull it off,it's going to be impressive to a lot of people. Hey Ted, if you look at themargin growth this year versus last year, so 19.7 versus 19.2 up, 50 basis or500 basis, excuse me, 50 basis points. You're sort of now suggestingthat underlying margin's going to go up percentage points. So, am I correct inthen assuming that conversion margins, or your underlying margin trend, isactually going to accelerate in 2008? Is that the way to think about it, and isthere a way to translate this into kind of a conversion margin ex-acquisitions?
Ted Crandall: No, John, I think you're probablytrying to be too scientific. We're saying the acquisition impact isapproximately a point. Probably somewhat a little bit under a point and we dobelieve that in the core business, despite some of the investments we aremaking, we can make up for that in part because of productivity performance.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: But, what does that equate,because last year you gave us the conversion margin expectation 30 to 40, whatwould that translate into this year?
Ted Crandall: If you took out the impact ofacquisitions this year, conversion margin next year would be approximatelyequal to our conversion margin this year, maybe a couple of points lower.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: And then, just, lastly. TED, howmuch pension, I guess you had about what, $0.15 of pension in the 370? How muchextra pension based on where the plan closed do you expect in 2008?
Ted Crandall: We have a little bit ofadditional pension tailwind in 2008. But we're also expecting somewhat highermedical costs in 2008, which basically offset that.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So, it's a wash?
Ted Crandall: Yes.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Nicole Parent with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Keith Nosbusch: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: I guess, just to follow up on BobCornell's question with respect to Asia. Could you giveus an update in terms of the distribution effort over there and how you seethat ramping up over the next couple of years?
Ted Crandall: Absolutely. And here we'll talkabout--I mean there's really two different parts--I'll talk about emerging Asia,where there is much less infrastructure, and much less of a mature distributioncapability. And in particular I'll talk about Chinaand India. Thatis one of the areas where we have to continue to build infrastructure. Now, that's not RockwellAutomation infrastructure, but we still have to develop viable distributors andattain and embrace and work with people that are interested in buildingdistribution as a business in both of those areas. And so, that's one of thereasons recently. We have established a globaldistribution position. One that channels, which would be distributors andsystem integrators, but we believe that that's an important element of ourability to continue to grow in emerging Asia, and so we need to put a muchstronger focus on that. We have elevated that to a verykey position in our sales and marketing organization and one of the focuseswill be on building better channel partners in the emerging regions of theworld and in particular Asia, and otherwise we cannot achieve the growth ratesin the long-term and more importantly, you can't support customers locallywithout that type of partnering. And so we're very, very focused on being ableto do that, as I said, particularly in the emerging economies.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: And so, is that investmentlargely why you'd characterize globalization as a headwind?
Ted Crandall: No, the investment there is notreally a lot for us. That's just finding viable partners that are able toinvest and be able to on commit the capital to building a distribution and/or asystem integrator capability. Our globalization investments arein a couple of categories. First, it's the globalization of manufacturing, andwe talked about that in the second quarter, when we took a charge. We are re-footingour manufacturing capabilities on a worldwide basis. And that's probably the mostimportant aspect of when we talk about globalization headwind. The second wouldbe the continued build-out of what we started last year of engineeringresources. Engineering resources in Asia andEastern Europe and the continuation of the evolution of our business model forwhere we have manufacturing, engineering, marketing, back offices, customersupport capabilities, all of those closer to the customer and because of ourgrowth and the majority of our growth coming outside North America.That's what we mean by the need for globalization spending. So, it's multiple dimension andnot at all, I mean, it's a very, very small part of it is the investments wehave to make to be able to grow distribution.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Great, that’s helpful. And thenjust one last one, Keith. When you talk about your first priority for '08 asgrowth, could you talk a little bit. I'm a little surprised to hear you talkingabout growth given where we are in the cycle. Could you just talk aboutunderlying productivity in key margin drivers, I guess in the core U.S.business given what you've talked about for the headwinds for the businessesoutside of the U.S.for 2008?
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. If I heard you, you want meto talk about our productivity programs?
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Yes, please.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. No problem. We didn't talka lot about that yet, but we have not changed our focus on productivity. We have,like last year and like all of the future years, we have a 3%-4% costproductivity target for our company. We expect to hit the high end ofthat range this year. It is fundamental for us to be able to continue toimprove and invest in these areas we kind of just talked about because we needto offset inflation and be able to drive the incremental investments that werequire in that globalization aspect of our business as well as absorb some ofthe dilution not some of absorb all of the dilution of the acquisitions thatwe've made. So, productivity remains veryimportant for us. It is across the entire business. All functions, all areasare driving that 3- 4% cost productivity, and there's no less intensity orfocus on that in 2008 than there was in 2007. And we have a lot of confidencein our ability to do that. We have probably the best-defined programs acrossthe company that we are able to track on an ongoing basis, and in fact, some ofour businesses are already trying to identify the 2009 productivity activities. So, it remains a very importantpart of our business. It's becoming a fabric of the culture of the company andno less important than growth. But, we believe, in today's environment, we havea lot of opportunities to grow and that's why we want to take advantage of themduring this period.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Rondy Roigrally: Operator, we'll take one lastquestion.
Operator: Your last question is a follow-upfrom the line of Bob Cornell with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, thanks for taking this call.Maybe it's just me but I had a stronger revenue performance for Architecture andSoftware in the quarter because you had the easy comp in the Processor group. Was it just me, or was this an unexpectedquarter? Maybe just give it a little more detail into the performanceArchitecture and Software in the quarter?
Keith Nosbusch: We had a very strong thirdquarter in Architecture and Software, Bob, but I would say the fourth quarterperformance was pretty much aligned with our expectations.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then, one finalquestion. I mean you…the international markets are all growing robustly. Again,this maybe a little bit repetitive just which of the businesses are drivingthat. Keith, you said process, compact, Logix, safety. Maybe just flush thatout a little more, please.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, but let me just give oneother comment to your question to Ted. We had talked in last release that we expecteda very strong fourth quarter in our solutions business because of the backlog,because of the timing. And so, the quarter played out pretty much just as wethought. It wasn't that Architecture &Software was not growing or not what we had expected. It was the expectationthat we would have strong solutions performance because of our backlog that webuilt the first half of the year and we knew that that was going to be a strongcontributor to revenue growth and that was why we guided the way we did towardsthe end of the year.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Actually, thank you. I doremember that now, but how about the outlook for '08 and the strength in theseinternational markets?
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, well, the internationalmarkets a couple of things. One, the one thing that is true about ourinternational business, in particular in Asia, Latin America, and emerging regions, is that we have to help thecustomers more by creating a solution for our customers then we do in North America. So, one of the things that occursis that we are more involved in solutions, in services, doing engineering andhelping customers as opposed to a pure product sale. And many times we don'thave that large installed base that gives what I would say a lot of the MRO-typeof annuity business. So, the color of internationalbusiness is more solutions. It is more around infrastructure and naturalresource-based businesses then it is in the consumer-types of areas and so wehave a more power centric portion of our business in some of those emergingeconomies as well. So it's a much different balanceand mix within our segments and between our segments when you go outside the U.S.So, that hopefully covers what you were looking for, Bob.
Bob Cornell - Lehman Brothers: It does, Keith, thank you verymuch, that’s very helpful, appreciate it.
Ted Crandall: Hey, this is Ted. I have aclarification. I misspoke earlier when I tried to clarify the answer to MarkKoznarek question about core growth. Our guidance for top line growth is 10%-12%. Acquisitions, we've believe willcontribute about 3%. So the core growth is in the range of 7%-9%. I apologizefor that error, and I will beg your indulgence. Perhaps I shouldn't try to domath in my head this early in the morning.
Rondy Roigrally: Okay. That concludes today'scall, and thank you to all for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conferencecall. At this time you may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-07-25 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kirk Larsen - Director of IR   Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and CEO   Theodore D. Crandall - Sr. VP, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim CFO 
Analysts: Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers   John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities   Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan   Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research   Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup   Nigel Coe - Deutsche bank   Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co   John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch   Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to the Rockwell Automation's Quarterly Conference Call. I need to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. Later in the call, we will open up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kirk Larsen, Rockwell Automation's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Larsen, please go ahead. 
Kirk Larsen - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Michelle. Good Morning and thank you all for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and have been posted to our website at www.rockautomation.com. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and all the charts that will be referenced during the call are available at that website. It will remain there for the next 30 days.  With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith and then Ted will review both the quarter and our outlook. We will as always leave time at the end of the call to take your questions and ask that you self limit to two questions to allow broader participation.  We expect the call today to take about 50 minutes. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Keith. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Kirk and good morning to everyone who have joined us on this morning's call. My comments will be brief today. At this same time one quarter ago, we laid out the rationale for considerably better performance in the second half of our 2007 than we delivered in the first half. We projected somewhat higher growth rates and better execution against our productivity objectives.  I am extremely pleased today to report that our Q3 results were very much as we expected. U.S. revenue growth did accelerate modestly to 2% year-over-year or 6% sequentially. We did sustain the rapid growth outside the U.S. with particular strength in Latin America and Europe and improvements in Asia.  Architecture & Software did for the first time in about two years grow more quickly than Control Products & Solutions.  Consumer industries did for the first time and over two years outpaced resource-based industries. Productivity did improve substantially to 5%, and therefore our conversion margin did recover to our targeted range of 30% to 40%, in fact, somewhat above that range.  The results we posted in Q3 and the momentum that we are carrying into Q4 have allowed us to raise our guidance for the full year. With only one quarter to go, we are raising our guidance for revenue growth to the high-end of our previous range of 8% to 9% and then taking on an additional percentage point for the recent acquisition of ICS Triplex. So we now expect revenue growth to be about 10%.  We are also raising our estimate for EPS from continuing operations from $3.55 to $3.65 to $3.65 to $3.70. As should be evident from this guidance, 2007 will be another great year for Rockwell Automation. But I can assure you we are not resting. We remain intensely focused on sustaining above market organic revenue growth on diversifying our revenue base and on driving the adoption of our Integrated Architecture, while further developing our continuous improvement culture. I am confident that we will close out a successful 2007 and carry that momentum into 2008.  I will now turn it over to Ted to provide more details on the quarter. Ted? 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Keith, and good morning to all who called in. We have posted charts to our website and I will reference those charts along with my following comments.  Turning to chart 1, entitled third quarter results summary, this slide summarizes key items from the income statement. Starting at the top, revenue in the quarter was $1.281 billion, an increase of 9% over 2006. Segment earnings were $262 million, up 21% year-over-year resulting in a 2.1 percentage point improvement in margin.  Walking down the page, you will note that general corporate net was $18 million, down about $4 million from last year. The primary driver of the year-over-year decrease is interest income of about $5 million on the proceeds from the Power Systems sale. Going forward, you should think of general corporate net of expense of about $20 million to $25 million as a normal quarterly run rate.  Interest income from the Power Systems' proceeds will no longer be a factor as we have used those proceeds to buy back stock and fund the purchase of ICS Triplex in early July.  Moving down the page, interest expense was flat with last year. The third quarter effective tax rate is about 26%, down about 4 points from last year. The rate was lower due to our global earnings mix and the resolution of certain state tax matters. We estimate the rate will be 28% to 29% for the full year 2007.  Average shares outstanding in the quarter were $156.5 million, down 13% from a year ago. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.2 million shares. At the end of June, we had $284 million available under our $1 billion repurchase authorization.  Let's move to the next chart, Q3 results, Rockwell Automation continuing operations. As always, we are showing total Rockwell results over the past five quarters, excluding Power Systems. As I said before, growth was 9% year-over-year or 7% excluding the effects of currency translation.  Sales were up 6% sequentially. From a regional perspective growth was led by continued strong performance in Europe and Latin America with improvement in Asia, Canada and United States.  Operating margin in the quarter was 20.5%, up 2.1 points from the third quarter of last year. You can't see it on the chart, but our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital was 23.7%, up 2.6 percentage points versus the year ago period.  I'd like to go to the next chart which summarizes our Architecture & Software results. Sales were up 11% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, sales were up 8%. Logix sales grew 15% in the quarter with nearly two-thirds of the growth coming from process applications and the CompactLogix product offering.  Legacy PLC sales were down about 7% in the quarter. Operating margin was 28.3%, up 2.9 points from the third quarter of last year. Profitability benefited from volume, productivity efforts and price, partially offset by inflation.  I'll turn now to slide 4 which covers our Control Products & Solutions business. Sales were up 8% year-over-year and up 5% sequentially. Operating margin improved by 1.2 points year-over-year to 14%. Profitability in this segment benefited from volume, productivity efforts and price, partially offset by inflation and less favorable revenue mix.  Let me turn now to geographic breakdown of our sales in the quarter. This chart provides regional growth rates and the far right column shows growth rates excluding the impact of currency translation. As you can see in the chart, we had a strong global mix of sales in the quarter.  Our U.S. sales were up about 15% in the quarter, a very good result continuing the progress we have seen in the last few quarters. We are optimistic that we will see continued momentum in Europe with the help from short term economic factors as well as the benefits of growth investments we've made in the region.  Latin American sales were up 22% with continuing strong performance. Asia Pacific sales were up 9%. Once again our Asia results are the average of emerging Asia and a slower growth developed Asia.  This quarter clearly reflects an improvement over the last two quarters. Canada sales were up 7%, also an improvement from the last couple of quarters. Looking into the United States, sales were up 2% year-over-year. The U.S. accounts for 54% of our sales, a decreasing percentage but still large. Consequently U.S. results have a significant impact on our average growth rate.  Turning to chart six, you'll see cash flow details for Q3 and year-to-date.  In the third quarter, free cash flow from op... from continuing operations was $184 million that excluded tax payments related to the gain on the sale of Power Systems. This is higher than net income and much improved compared to the first two quarters of the year. Capital spending was about equal to depreciation and amortization.  I'll close with chart 7 which summarizes our full year guidance. As Keith said earlier, we are raising our revenue growth guidance to 10%, which is the high end of our prior 8% to 9% range and that includes an additional 1 percentage point due to the ICS Triplex acquisition, which we closed in early July.  We are also raising our diluted EPS guidance from continuing operations before special charges to $3.65 to $3.70 per share from our prior range of $3.55 to $3.65 per share.  We are holding our guidance for free cash flow at $500 million. And with that, we'd be happy to answer any questions you might have. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Bob Cornell of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Big size release going on out there. It's just remarkable quarter I have to say. A lot of questions, the first I guess would be, why Keith, did you see the consumer facing industries this much better than the resource-based industries? And is that a function of some of the investments you made in those verticals? I mean what's really going on, is it end market or Rockwell-related? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I believe there is two things Bob. One, the resource-based industries just have very tough comps because of the strong growth that they had previously. So it's very hard to continue at that accelerated rate of growth. Having said that I believe a lot of our investments have been made to improve our capabilities in the consumer industries. And certainly what we are doing in the verticals, what we are doing with information, what we are doing with the expansion of Logix, all of those are more appropriate and more attuned to the customer industry. So it's a combination of those two facts. 
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, I mean and Logix at 15% I guess is good but maybe less than we might have expected that... expected that given the overall good quarter 18% last quarter and what's... how does 15% shape up in your mind? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well actually we're very happy with the 15%. As we have said our goal and our aspiration is to keep that at 20% which gets to be a pretty tough... a pretty tough number as we keep growing that at the pace that we're growing at and as ...as we also have said 20% requires that we're hitting really all cylinders and in this case, we had a very good across the board growth other than in Asia. And we are growing at high single digits 9% in Asia, that's not a high enough number to pull Logix at the 20% level. So, so we still have some work there but overall we're very happy with the Logix performance. And that combined the performance in Logix plus the return to a more normal degradation of the legacy platforms is what was a strong driver for our performance this quarter. 
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: A follow-up question there is, you talked about the improvement in Asia but you didn't break down those specifics in reference to China, maybe just take on that observation. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, sure. If you look at our growth in China, we had excellent growth in India. Once again India was up 30%. China was up 21%. So a real good turnaround in China with continued strength in India that leads Southeast Asia was... had a difficult quarter but mainly that was because of projects related work. Southeast Asia is a very project-driven market and most of that is just timing year-over-year. 
Robert T. Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Got it thanks. Thanks Keith. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome Bob. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Baliotti of FTN Midwest Securities. Please proceed. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: HeyJohn. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Maybe we could focus on if there is any perspective on comps, Logix, as you said, you guys put at 15% the comp, I think was a little bit harder this quarter than last. And if I am right then next quarter actually drops to a comp at 12%, is that right? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I believe that's right John. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. And similarly on geography I think the... as you've mentioned Asia was going to pick up. It looks like the comp was actually... ex-currency was tougher this quarter for Asia than the prior quarter, you had a nice pickup there. And along those lines it looks like the comp actually for both Asia and the U.S. gets easier in the current quarter that you are in. Is that right? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is true although I wouldn't say easier. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Well roughly you are right at. Relatively I know it's easy for us to say from our perspective. But so with that what kind of absolute momentum are you feeling right now relative to last quarter going into the rest of the year? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we talked last quarter that we felt very good momentum heading into the second half which obviously is the big breeze and we increased our outlook for the second half. Going into the fourth quarter, right now we basically see no different from what we saw earlier. We've done our normal polls around the world, and we believe it's very similar to what the outlook was a quarter ago and in particular we have strength in our solutions businesses where we have built that backlog throughout the year. And we believe that will be a key driver of our performance in the fourth quarter. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. And maybe just a big picture, the capacity utilization seems like you're still sticking around at 81%, 82% and I think in the past you talked about that being above 80 being very healthy for you guys. Is that... are you feeling like given there are bumps around 10 basis points here or there? Do you feel like things are still pretty solid from a foundation standpoint there? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think if you look at all of the economic numbers that have come out over the last three to four months really support the increased momentum that we were talking about at the start of the third quarter... of the second quarter, I am sorry... at the start of the third quarter, second quarter in the calendar year. But that, that momentum is continuing. The only housing and historically what was going on in automotive were the only sectors that we did not see growth in. And we continue to see a broad based investment that is going on through the other industries. 
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. Great, thanks very much Keith. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure John. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: The ICS deal, I know that added a point of growth but I think it was going to be dilutive in FY08. Is it going to be... it seems a closer a little bit earlier than we were expecting dilutive in the fourth quarter? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It will be slightly dilutive. But as we have said, it will be dilutive for the first year. It probably closed perhaps a little quicker. So it's not going to be a significant impact. But it is dilutive in its first year of transition. And certainly that is the reason we added one additional point onto our revenue growth because we will own that business for the entire quarter. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: So, the revenue contribution there for this quarter, it's $50 million bucks for the fourth quarter something like that? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no. It's about $35 million. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Right, right. Okay. And then just thinking about are the longer term here and talking about on automotive, are you getting any kind of sense that if these guys do get favorable deals with their unions that they will begin to look at maybe investing a little bit more in their products and flexible manufacturing. I know that that's not on their radar screen for the next couple of quarters, and we are certainly not counting on it. But is that something that is a potential tap in maybe in 18 months to two years time? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: WellI think they are going to invest... compared to where we were... where we got down to, we are seeing now some project activity, and we expect to see some order held from the automotives over the next couple of quarters. So, projects appear to be... that some projects will be flowing. The magnitude of those I think is, some of it is dependent on the performance or the opportunities that they are able to generate from the negotiations that are currently on. I think if they feel that they put themselves in a more competitive position they will be more willing to invest.  So, we are very optimistic that we'll see that happen after negotiations are successfully completed. And the other dimension, there are still these supply chain sorting out that have to take place. And so the Tier 1 are still going through change and then also each one of those... each one of the Detroit-based automotives particularly GM and Ford are still going through their plant rationalization which does impact our installed base or MRO business but not the project-related activities. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Right. So you are pretty confident that auto has indeed bottomed here? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, yes. We're not even talking about that as the headwind anymore. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Right. And then one last question, the incremental in Architecture & Software, I understand that you had a pretty good productivity quarter, and we certainly won't be assuming a 50% plus incremental there going forward. But is that just a little bit of sneak-peak it as to how profitable this business could be if it continues to grow the way that you guys are hoping would grow over the next few years? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Wellthe answer... there is two parts of that. If it grows at the rate, we are hoping it will grow, it will have decent margins. What is more important this quarter is the mix in A&S was much more processor software centric. If you remember the last quarter, we talked about a weak mix and also a software action that was required. And really both of those changed and so we had what I would call probably a more favorable mix in this quarter. That plus the growth rate is what created the margin improvement, this past quarter. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Right. Thanks a lot. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek of Cleveland Research. Please proceed. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Hi, good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Really great quarter on the margin line. A question about those, we had recently spoken to some channel contacts who were experiencing some delays associated with some of the manufacturing plants that you folks were installing your SAP upgrades, and I think you even mentioned this in the prior quarter. And it gave me the sense that there still could be some challenges associated with that, but these margins suggest that you have overcome those challenges or you've done some other way to offset them. So could you address those issues whether that's a temporary phenomenon that you have overcome or is there still some issues to drop coming up with regard to your system implementation? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Mark. I will be happy to answer that. Certainly from the history in ERP implementations, basically all of them do cause some level of disruption and quite candidly, our implementation is no different. We have had some disruption. Those disruptions have impacted customers and they have done a good job of working with us, our channel partners to get through these bumps in the row. And certainly we believe that as is evidenced by this quarter that there has been no impact or I should say more importantly, a negligible impact based upon the introduction at some different sites. And we believe that the worst of the disruption is behind us.  And I got to tell you, our entire organization is very intensely focused on minimizing these disruptions and more importantly, we have learned from the previous site installation. This past month, we went to our fourth setup site and we had a much smoother introduction, basically because of the learning out of the first three sites. So, I believe the worst is behind us, and that we are a learning organization. And yes, we have had some disruptions and that has impacted our... the ability of our channel to support the customers the way we believe we should be supporting and servicing our customers. And we take that very seriously and are working very hard to get that a 100% behind us and we believe we are on that path. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Keith, I understand that the plants that you're now rolled on to this fourth set of sites includes some or all of your Logix facilities. And some of these channel partners said that they were kind of nervous about that and had pre-bought some of these products in the quarter. Do you think that was... had a material impact at all on the Logix growth rate or do you think that's some relatively minor and this is reflecting actual underlying market demand, what you have reported today? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We believe that it is, that whatever that pre-buy was, was very negligible. We monitor that very closely, and we believe that had no impact on the performance in the quarter. And more importantly, we believe that the go-live is going extremely well for that set of plants and we expect to be back to the pre-go-live status much quicker than in anyone of the other implementations. So we're very encouraged with the... I'll say the three weeks look as we have rolled out those other sites but no impact on quarter three. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. With that, I guess the conclusion of all this is that you're offsetting those internal challenges that are getting better. Margin improved a lot and you did mention that mix improved. Was there anything else that helped the year-over-year margin performance or even compared to the prior quarter? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes two things Mark. You hit the first one, absolutely mix was a big deal. The other one was, they probably had their best quarter in productivity of the entire year, not probably they did. And as you know, the right mix over achieving in productivity is a pretty powerful leverage in the A&S businesses and they certainly hit on both of those points, this past quarter. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: That's great. Congratulations, thank you. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thanks, good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Good morning. Just to draw a little bit further and kind of the margin and expense dynamics, you didn't really call out some of your cost reduction efforts. Maybe that's all wrapped in that productivity bucket. But I am just wondering just kind of looking at what the Q4 guidance implies. It seems to suggest the margins come down a bit, so maybe it's mix normalization. Can you just frame that a little bit better for us kind of the basic cost cutting actions versus the mix and maybe how things shake out in the first quarter? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I will make a couple of comments and then Ted can fill in whatever I've missed here. But certainly we had a... we had a very strong cost productivity in the quarter, and to your point, that is where the cost actions are captured. And being at 5% we talk about 3 to 4 so, quite candidly we don't... we are not planning for another 5% in quarter four. We are planning on being in the range of 3% to 4%. So there is a little... there is a slight pull-down because of that. And so productivity is going well. Our cost actions, we are on target for what we expected to be at with the actions we took in quarter one. We are achieving those benefits.  If you remember the actions that we talked about in quarter two, are more longer term and there is minimal if any, minimal of any impact in this fiscal year. That's teeing up our productivity for '08 and quite candidly more in '09. So that's the mix as the productivity aspect of it.  The other dimension in Q4 is that we expect a mix shift to be back a little bit to a stronger solutions revenue which is typical for us in the fourth quarter because a lot of ours, our systems businesses produce very strongly. And particularly with the backlog we have, we know we are going to have a very strong solutions business revenue stream in the fourth quarter and that, that as well will be... will cause downward pressure on our margins. So it is those points and I'll let Ted fill in any of the missing parts. 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Well and, Jeff I would add a couple of other things in terms of a Q4 to Q3 comparison. A smaller item is basically will have call it either interest, increased interest expense or reduced interest income related to the ICS Triplex acquisition that was completed in early July. And that's really how you ought to think about the dilution around that acquisition at this point.  Secondly and probably more importantly, in our third quarter tax rate was 26% that was due to kind of a discrete tax events that occurred this quarter. We do not expect that to recur and we are not projecting a rate that low for the whole second half. So couple of the things Keith talked about with being back in our 3% to 4% productivity range, a little bit less favorable revenue mix, the tax rate difference going from Q3 to Q4 and I think that kind of explains the balance of our outlook for the year. 
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Great. And next question is final question, maybe two in one. But just first on pension you guys on a June 30 measurement date, just wonder what that suggests for 2008 on pension. And secondarily just kind of on financial items in general. Now that you have redeployed the Power Systems proceed, how do we think about capital deployment going forward? Is it more of the same share repurchase in a deal dropped in here or there or is there some other priority? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I will answer the last one first Jeff, and that is we have really no change in our philosophy of capital deployments. We look at internal organic growth opportunities then we consider a continuation of our disciplined acquisitions strategy. And then our default mode is to, is to not have excess cash in our balance sheet and that we'll return it to all those shareholders in the form of dividends or share repurchase.  So consistent to what we've been doing is what you can expect. We have worked our way through the 1 billion repurchase... I should say we are working our way through it. We have worked through the cash aspect of that with the ICS Triplex acquisition now. And we are currently... we are currently analyzing what the optimal capital structure will be going forward, and that will be something that we'll talk more about in the fall when we talk about our plans for 2008. But our priorities remain the same Jeff, as they have been and that's the outlook at this point. 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: And regarding to your question about pension, we're kind of working through the result of the rate changes based on our measurement date on June 30 that is not yet completed. And I think we will be sharing that when we talk about '08 guidance. 
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche bank: Thanks, good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche bank: Just wanted to ask a quick on ICS Triplex, does this substantially replace your sort of organic push into safety or simply orientation or maybe if you could just wrap into a discussion whether you failed, you might need improvements, pushes into other areas such as process control? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I... could you repeat the last part of that? 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche bank: Yes, I mean it sounds like that the process control is a key initiative of Logix platform [ph]. I was wondering if you might need to acquire one of the properties there. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. The first point is this augments our existing safety activities. Most, not most, all of our investments in safety previously was in the discrete machine safety element, and we had machine control and we had safety components. We were able to address part of process safety at the low sell-through level and below. What Triplex did for us was allow us to move into the process safety and the high availability for tolerant segment of that market. That is a very different segment than what we were able to address with our current portfolio. So it was new technology allowing us to broaden our industry applications and really did complement to your second point, really did complement what we were trying to accomplish in the process space, which is in area that we are moving the Logix architecture into for an expanded served markets.  So process is our greatest growth initiative inside the company and Triplex really augments and adds to and gives us more creditability in the process and particularly the oil and gas space. And it helps us broaden our geographic footprint as well because most of their sales were outside of the United States. So, it hit on a couple of key elements. So, what we are trying to do to grow the business and we are actually very excited about having it as part of our portfolio. And we do believe that we can also take that technology, the high availability both power and technology and move that into the batch, hybrid space and into some discrete applications because of the importance of asset utilization in many different manufacturing environment today and probably more important in the future. So, that's the beliefs and our goals of what we are trying to do with that acquisition. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche bank: Great. And so you mentioned price in a couple of areas doing the slides specifically in terms of the good leverage you had for the quarter. Can you quantify the price this quarter and maybe whether you see it improving? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't believe we see it improving. But over the last couple of years we have talked about a more favorable price environment. And while it's not as good as it was a year ago, we are able to probably overall realize under 1% as we look forward and as we have... and as we have developed this past year. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche bank: Okay. Thanks Keith. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman of Robert Baird. Please proceed. 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: Hi Keith. Good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: Just a question, I just want to circle back for a second to the Architecture & Software margin. Can you just talk for a second or two, did the geographic mix within that segment help you from a margin standpoint? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. The geographic has less to do with it than the mix within this segment. And so the product mix is more important to us than the geographic mix. And so... 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: And when you talk about the consumer facing industries having picked up, I guess I'll assume they grew at a rate greater than the 8% local currency in that Architecture & Software area. Which particular verticals within consumer grew? You had mentioned auto was ... was auto flat or down in the quarter? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Auto was slightly up. 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And if we talk about the consumer industries, food and beverage and home and personal care growth was at about the company average. The real star performer for us this quarter was life sciences. Now that was up more than 20% and automotive was in the low single digits. 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. All right. And then Keith, one of the things you had mentioned was your backlog is strong on the solutions side. Some of that will flow out in fourth quarter which is somewhat typical. How do you see the growth in the solutions backlog relative to where we may be in the investment cycle overall? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I would say, what we're seeing in the growth in the backlog tells us we are still in the investment cycle. And I think this is a probably a little unique investment cycle because of the commodity pricing that is going on and the worldwide demand for those commodities. So we are seeing continued strength. Certainly if you look at some of the mining sectors, they are talking about years of investments. And I don't think that will be universal across all of the resource industries but this appears to be a long investment cycle but mainly driven because of commodity pricing. And if things change dramatically there, it can turn pretty quickly as we have evidenced before. But the oil and gas and the commodities, very, very strong demand and very... and therefore capacity expansions are going on. 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. And just a second question for, maybe for Ted. Just... in the guidance you talk about the $3.65 to $3.70 including FX and acquisitions. It sounds like the acquisitions will actually be, maybe minus a penny. Did FX help the bottom line in this quarter? 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: I would say not significantly. 
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Inch of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: I thought there was maybe some capacity additions that were coming online or had come online for the Architecture & Software business. Did that... Ted or Keith, did that have any kind of material impact to the results of Logix or the profitability or growth rates that we saw? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't believe we had capacity additions. What we have been talking about John, is that we are globalizing that business and we started up a facility in Singapore. And that was not really capacity expansion. That was a realignment of our manufacturing footprint. That is coming up to speed. That is accelerating, but it's not from a capacity standpoint and I wouldn't say that, that was a help in the quarter, of anything that probably continued to beat the expense items as we ramped that up more so than an ability to generate more top lines. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes, I know Singapore was what I was sort of referring to. So there was no... to your knowledge, Keith there was no sort of channel failed impact or start-up benefit associated with this from our pure demand or our distribution standpoint? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, nothing in that regard at all. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just... yes I want go back to the pension for a second. Ted, if I am not mistaken, I think around at this time when your pension plan closed, you guys at the time sort of had articulated that the discount rate was up a 125 bips to 6.5%. And then I think fiscal '07 is benefiting versus '06 from a less of a drag by over $30 million. Do you... I know you haven't sort of finalized the numbers yet, but can you give us at least a generic sense based on sort of as you see kind of where the plan stands, a realign still to get a kind of contribution to the bottom line as we head into '08 or are things possibly neutral or possibly in a little bit of a headwind? 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: John, I can't answer that at this point. I mean we are still right in the middle of that analysis. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: In a sense one way or another, which way it's going to swing? 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: I don't at this point. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last question just as we've worked our way through the share repurchase from the proceeds of the Power Systems sale, and then Keith, you have done the ICS deal. Should we be thinking in terms of capital allocation perhaps of a reorientation back towards some fill-in acquisitions or to more of these kinds of deals as you expand out process? I mean you guys have done a terrific job of buying back your stock. I mean how are you thinking of the trade-offs before? I know you are opportunistic but again is there any kind of shift going on here? How would you like to sort of think about this heading into next year? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't believe there has been any shift. We continue to run the disciplined acquisition process, and as we have said, just because we had the Power Systems cash, we weren't going to go out and do anything that was not consistent with that strategy. And we expect to be aggressive in the small bolt-on types of acquisitions that we have been doing the last couple of years. And they do fill in very nicely to your point, John. And we see more of that going forward and we commented with the ICS acquisition that was probably a little bit on the high end for us but, but we thought it was a great fit in and something that we wanted as part of the portfolio. So looking forward we're going to continue to look at acquisitions that allow us to do more for our customers, that fills technology gaps or that allow us to grow share and competencies and expertise in different geographies of the world, so. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: But it sounds like it's still very much a bolt-on emphasis. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, yes that's the... that is the way you should view us. 
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Michelle we're taking one more question. 
Operator: Okay wonderful. Our last question comes from the line of Nicole Parent of Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse: Good morning, guys. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nicole. 
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse: A quick follow-up Ted, could you elaborate on the corporate expense line going up as we think about it going forward? 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Nicole, I think if you look back over the last several quarters, we have kind of been in that $20 million, $23 million range and general corporate net is also the place where kind of special items that may come quarter-to-quarter generally fall. If you went back to previous quarters, it would have been things like legal settlements, environmental charges. And that's why we've kind of quoted that range of $20 million to $25 million. The increase from this quarter being about 17 is basically reduced interest income going forward. 
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse: Okay. 
Theodore D. Crandall - Senior Vice President, Components & Packaged Applications Group and Interim Chief Financial Officer: And that was also captured in that category. 
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess just one last one on Asia sales. When you think about China and the growth there, what's really driving it? And can you talk a little bit about the strategy there? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well what's driving it is the incredible investment that's going on in China and in India to some degree. And that's obviously evidenced by the continuing reports that come out that talk about the incredible growth rate in the output, manufacturing output as well as the balance of payments and the fact that they are exporting an awful lot of those manufactured goods. So we see that continuing. As a matter of fact, we see the dynamics changing a little to where... because of the disposable income, particularly in China, that is being developed because of their growth that we see more of a future in the consumer industries. And therefore a lot of the strength that we have and the opportunities that we'll have will be closer to where the sweet spot is for Rockwell Automation. But it's a combination of the infrastructure investment that's going on in those two countries and the increase in disposable income that allows more specific consumer-driven investments. And actually China is trying to develop a more consumption-based economy as opposed to the investment-based economy that has currently been driving it. So within Asia, particularly the developing Asia, that's what the core underlying aspects of growth are. 
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse: I guess maybe, I should have asked it in a different way. When I think about the growth rate that you posted in the second quarter versus the growth rate in the third quarter, we accelerated, is this just a comp issue or was... you had said on the... I mean ex-China, it was more timing-related. Did things get pushed into the third quarter from the second quarter or is it just lumpy? 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well it is lumpy, absolutely because there is much more project business in Asia than any one of our other regions. So Asia can be lumpy but I think the improved... I think the change between second quarter and third quarter is the start of some of the things that we've been talking about the last couple of calls as to how we're trying to build more infrastructure and more maturity, more organizational maturity in a very fast growth region. So part of it is the outcome of that hard work that that team over there has been doing in the last three quarters. And our goal is to continue to get back to that range that we have identified for our growth long term. 
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet. 
Kirk Larsen - Director of Investor Relations: Michelle, that concludes the call. Thank you everybody for joining us and have a good day. Michelle? 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference call. This time you may disconnect, thank you. Thank you, gentlemen. Have a wonderful day. 
Keith D. Nosbusch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michelle. 
Operator: You're welcome.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-10-23 21:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Oliver – Vice President, Treasurer Keith Nosbusch – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer James Gelly – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Cornell – Lehman Brothers Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company John Baliotti – FTN Midwest Securities  Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley  John Inch – Merrill Lynch Jeff Sprague – Smith Barney Citigroup Steve Tusa – JP Morgan
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
 Tim Oliver – Vice President, Treasurer: Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Q4 2006 earnings release conference call. We did deviate from our typical process this quarter by holding our call this afternoon after the market closed. We needed to do so because we needed to work around our Automation Fair, our annual Automation Fair that starts early tomorrow morning. We appreciate your flexibility very much. I also want to mention that the investor conference that at one time was tentatively scheduled to occur at the Automation Fair will be rescheduled at a later date that minimizes the conflicts for all those involved and we'll obviously keep you posted. It's likely we will defer that until after the January earnings season.  Our results were released this afternoon and have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. A webcast of the audio portion of this call and the charts that will be referenced during the call are both available at that same website. These will remain there for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and James Gelly, our CFO. Our agenda for today includes some opening remarks by Keith and then James will walk us through both the quarter and the outlook. We'll leave plenty of time at the end of the call to take your questions and again ask that you limit yourself to two questions per participant.  This call is expected to last a little less than an hour. As always with these calls I need to remind you that our comments today will include statements relating to the expected future results of the Company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in this earnings release and are detailed in our other SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call to Keith.
 Keith Nosbusch – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Q4 capped another very good year for Rockwell Automation. In the quarter we delivered 9% organic revenue growth with particularly strong performance in Europe. We posted conversion margins that improved substantially to well inside our targeted range of 30 to 40% and we generated free cash flow in excess of net income. Beyond our performance metrics, there were also a couple of other important takeaways from our fourth quarter.  First, this quarter again illustrates that extrapolating any previous quarter's result is not a good way to predict our future results. While Q3 delivered very strong top line growth and less impressive conversion margins, Q4 shows lower revenue growth but very strong productivity-led conversion margins. Taken together, the results are very consistent with our expected performance. As we have described many times over the last couple of years, while we are confident in the ability of this business model to deliver results over time, the composition of those results in any one quarter are harder to call.  Second, it is another proof point that our pure play business model is both durable and flexible. In Q4, intensive productivity efforts were sufficient to offset the continued dramatic correction in our traditional US automotive market and the related tough product profitability mix, especially Logix and PLCs. This organization lives through periods of acceleration and deceleration that cause oscillation around a longer term trend. This variability causes us to work harder every day to both expand the breadth of things we can control and to better execute on those things we already can. Today, we have more levers and we use them more effectively. We have more degrees of freedom than we've ever had. Our revenue base is more diverse, both geographically and by industries and applications we serve. Our technology portfolio with continuing innovation is in a leading position. Our products are differentiated and our productivity maturity path is hitting the sweet spot where the more you do, the more opportunities you see. We have and will continue to dedicate more talent, resources and energy to a productivity culture that has accelerating momentum and impact.  As I said earlier, this was a very good year for Rockwell Automation and while I typically leave the charts for James, I would like to reference the first chart in the materials we posted to the web. This chart summarizes our full-year results. I don't intend to walk you through all the numbers on this page, but before we launch into a more detailed dissection of both Q4 and 2007, I did want to pause for a second. The numbers on this page depict a very successful company by any measure. The 7% growth in Europe is important not only because it reverses a trend of many quarters of flat revenue, but it is also the best example of the power of our reinvestment model. The initiative was simple, reduced G&A expense strategically redeployed to customer facing resources to capture carefully targeted share gain, and the results were very impressive. The 6% productivity number is extremely important. Productivity is an essential lever in our model. Terrific working capital performance improved turns by about a half a turn and all of these things combined to drive our ROIC up nearly 4 percentage points to 22%. This company, led this year by our power centric businesses, has performed exceptionally well, has exceeded its commitment and is in great financial shape. Our results are a credit to the focus and hard work of employees around the world. Enough said. That's all the time we have for reflection and I can tell you that our leadership team is too busy to spend much time looking back. The number of things that we still have to work on leave no room for complacency.  We continue to stretch this organization to do more and to do it faster in both expanding our served market and enhancing market access. I am still not satisfied with the growth rate in integrated architecture. We still do not have sufficient traction in the consumer facing verticals and we need to generate more consistent and uniform growth across the entire Asia region. We have invested heavily in each of these initiatives and we are waiting to make any further significant investments until we see the returns we expect. For 2007, as James will elaborate, we have laid out a balanced plan. For us, this plan raises expectations for execution, accelerates the pace of change and requires a continued sense of urgency. As for our shareholders, it furthers our commitment of driving longer term value creation. This plan has been translated into preliminary guidance that we have provided today. We look forward to getting back to you with more specific guidance once we have more clarity on the Power Systems divestiture and what the post-Power-Systems Rockwell Automation will look like. With that I will let James walk you through some of the details on both the quarter and our outlook. James?
James Gelly – Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Keith, and again, thanks to everyone who dialed in. Let me go to the next slide, which is entitled Q4 results summary, which shows the Q4 income statement. Starting at the top left, revenue was $1,453.7 million, as Keith said an increase of 9% over 2005. Segment earnings were $270.2 million, up 26% YoverY. A quick calculation will show that conversion margin on the incremental dollar of sales was 48% YoverY. Adjusting for higher pension and option expense this year, as well as the $21 million in restructuring we took last year, conversion was about 39%. This is better than we had last quarter and inside the range of 30 to 40% conversion that we'd been targeting. As Keith mentioned, this was produced despite a significant decline in our traditional North American automotive business which was a good bit worse than we talked about last quarter. At nearly 50% the drop in this business cost us about three points of top line growth at Control Systems, about three points of growth in overall US sales, and because our book of business in that district is very rich in terms of Logix and PLC products, it cost us about 5 percentage points of YoverY conversion. Going forward, we're not looking for any real improvement. I guess the best that can be said right now is that automotive will have a smaller and smaller negative impact on our quarterly comparisons beginning next quarter. Walking down the page further, you'll note that general corporate net was an expense of $24.2 million, up about $10 million YoverY and this is primarily due to the inclusion of stock option expense and lower interest income. On the next line entitled gain on asset sale, you can see a $19.9 million pretax gain. As you may recall in the quarter, we completed the divestiture of our 50% interest in Rockwell Scientific. The other half is owned by Rockwell Collins and we both sold out to Teledyne. This transaction resulted in a $0.07 gain and we received our half of the proceeds and our half was $83 million in cash during the quarter. Moving down the start, you can see that interest expense was up due to higher interest rates and higher short-term debt balances and when you see our 10-Q you'll see that we had about $219 million in outstanding commercial paper at the end of the quarter. Let me turn now to the income tax line where we have had a lot of variability this year.  When you do the math on this line, you'll calculate a fourth quarter tax rate of about 26%. This quarter's tax rate included a $14.4 million one-time tax benefit and if you excluded that, the Q4 rate was about 31%. When you see the full-year tax rate for 2006 it's going to look like about 29.5% but making the same adjustment, that is removing the $14.4 million one-time benefit in this quarter, brings the full-year rate to about 31% as well. Both of these results are below the year ago results and, as I said, our tax rate this year, both guidance and actual, has moved around a bit. So if you look at the matter from 50,000 feet, just for a minute, Rockwell's effective tax rate is in the process of declining and this is because the rising proportion of non-US taxable income in our total. Since many of our overseas markets have tax rates that are well below the combined US, federal and state tax rate, this globalization is acting to lower our blended average rate and that's a good thing and reflects a lot of effort by many people across the Company. Looking out over 2007, 2008 and beyond, we see an effective tax rate no higher than 32% as a result of the rising proportion of non-US taxable income.  Let me now drop down to the line entitled change in accounting. As you can see, this quarter's reported earnings also included an $18.1 million pretax charge for the adoption of FIN47. Other companies on calendar end fiscal years adopted this accounting change last December and it basically represents the long-term obligation to decommission assets like real property. That brings us down to diluted EPS from continuing operations before accounting change of $1.04 but you should probably think of this quarter's EPS as about $0.88-0.89 a share when you remove the accounting change, the gain on the asset sale and the tax item. For the record, that compares with about $0.69 in the year ago quarter. And finally, down at the bottom, you can see average shares outstanding in the quarter were 176.7 million shares, a 4% reduction from a year ago. During the quarter we got busy and repurchased 5.3 million shares. Let me now go o to this next slide which is entitled EPS from continuing operations YoverY.  Since we are a full-service investor relations shop we stuck in a couple of waterfall slides to help you with all that goes in and goes out this quarter. This chart shows how Q4 EPS walks from last year's Q4 to this year. You can see on the left the effect of higher volume and margin expansion, about $0.20 per share, or 29 percentage points of EPS versus last year. Earnings were also aided by a lower share count and to the right you can see the other items that affected YoverY results including the one-time gain in accounting change that I already mentioned.  Let me go to the next slide which shows the same thing but walks sequentially from our Q3 results to Q4. Sequentially, higher volume and margin expansion added about $0.03, or 4 percentage points of EPS growth. Like the prior slide on the right, you can see the impact of share count and tax rate and so forth. Hopefully these two slides will help you get a little more clarity about a complicated quarter. So let me move on to our traditional Q4 results Rockwell Automation which shows total Rockwell results over the past five quarters. As I said before, organic revenue growth was 9% YoverY, or about 7% excluding the favorable impact of currency translation. Sales were up 2% sequentially.  From a regional perspective as you'll see more shortly, growth was led by Latin America, Europe and emerging Asia. Over on the right hand side of the chart, operating margins expanded by 2.6 points to 18.6% margins. You can't see it on the chart but our trailing Q4 return on invested capital was over 22% and that's up 4 percentage points versus the year ago average. Let me go to the sixth slide which is titled Q4 results control systems. As you can see on the left, sales were $1,188.8 million, up 8% YoverY, sequential growth was 2%. Logix sales in the quarter were up about 12%. As Keith said a minute ago, Logix was heavily impacted by the sharp decline in automotive markets and would have been a lot closer to 20% growth without the heavy cutbacks in automotive projects. Our legacy PLC sales were down about 13% in the quarter, more than we had been projecting. Remember that Logix is now about twice the size of legacy PLC sales. Like Q3, our Q4 was probably one of our worst in terms of mix, with must slower growth in our most profitable products. However, as Keith said, this quarter's margins and conversions show the impact of more aggressive cost productivity. In total, we executed about 6% total productivity in the quarter and that is the result of very heavy focus across the board. Rockwell is coming down the learning curve in terms of broadening and accelerating cost reduction efforts and this will come in handy as we work to sustain this kind of performance quarter in and quarter out. As I said last quarter, we're managing to live through these tough comparisons. And again, the best that can be said is that we're rapidly diversifying the markets and geographies we serve and demonstrating improved operating flexibility. You look over on the right hand side of the chart, operating earnings were $228.6 million, representing margin expansion of nearly two points to 19.2%. Control Systems earnings benefited from a combination of volume leverage, productivity and price, partially offset by inflation and the mix that I've just described. I should point out that also affecting YoverY comparisons were the $16.5 million of restructuring charges taken last year in Q4. You should probably net that against the $9 million in higher pension and option expense this year.  Let me turn to the next slide which covers our Power Systems business. As you can see on the left, sales were $264.9 million, up 15% YoverY and up 1% sequentially. As you probably know, the end market served by Power Systems continue to enjoy strong momentum driven by high energy and resource prices and probably some degree of under investment in past cycles. We think the outlook for these businesses is very good. Look at the right hand side, you can see that margins expanded more than six points to 15.7%. If you exclude the $5 million facility closure charge taken in Q4 last year, margins still expanded by nearly four full points. Both Dodge and Reliance continue to benefit from a combination of volume leverage, balanced price, cost dynamic and ongoing productivity initiatives. Since it's on everybody's mind, I should say that the divestiture process is going well. We're pretty much on schedule and the current thinking is that if we stay on schedule, the deal can be done by December's end. Let me leave our segment results and turn to the next slide, which covers geographic breakdown of our fourth quarter sales.  On the far right of this slide, you can see organic growth rates excluding the impact of currency translation. As you can see in the chart, we had a pretty strong mix of overseas sales in the quarter. The US and Canada came in at 4% growth, and as I said earlier, we think business in our traditional Great Lakes territory in the US and Canada probably cost us three points of growth in the quarter. This has historically been our stronghold in terms of installed based but we're seeing much better growth and momentum in the western districts and in most of the south. Latin America sales on the other hand were up 22%, with continuing strong performance throughout that region. Dropping down to Asia Pacific, sales were up 10% with revenue in China, India and southeast Asia up more than 20 combined. Compared to these emerging Asia countries, our results in the more mature developed Asia were not so impressive. Our 10% average for the quarter gives you some idea of how different the results are. Asia will continue to be a heavy focus for us and we're working to sustain a healthy growth rate across the region. Last but not least, our European sales were up about 15% in the quarter. This is a nice development and continues the progress that you saw in the last couple of quarters. As you may recall, Europe was our largest single growth investment over the last few years, and as Keith said, we basically took cost out of the back office and reinvested every dime into targeted market share growth. This growth this quarter is a welcome tailwind that we're proud of the team's execution in Europe and we're optimistic that we'll see continued momentum there, especially since there appears to be some improvement in macro economic factors. Let me turn now to the chart entitled Q4 results cash flow walk, which gives detail behind our Q4 and full-year cash flow. Starting on the lower left, we had $232.8 million of free cash flow in Q4, which is well in excess of net income.  Working capital was a $64 million source of cash in the quarter. Moving to the far right column, almost the biggest thing on the page is the $472 million in voluntary pension contributions we made during fiscal 2006. We are now basically fully funded and we're working hard to stay that way. For the full year, working capital was $39 million, but I should point out that this is about a 3% increase in net working capital as compared to a 9% YoverY increase in sales. So we're working to maintain the level of continuous improvement going on here with a goal of continuing to ratchet up our working capital turns. Capital spending for the full-year was $150 million, about 100% of depreciation and amortization and apart from selected investments to globalize some of our business units and, of course, our SAP investment, we believe we can sustain our asset light business model and keep capital spending to 3% of sales or less. Looking at the lower right, full-year free cash flow was $323.5 million. But excluding the after-tax impact of the pension contribution, cash flow was pretty close to 100% of net income.  Let me go to the chart entitled preliminary guidance headwinds and tailwinds, and these are basically the assumptions that went into our 2007 operating plan. We start on the upper left with revenue headwinds. While we expect growth to continue, we are planning for a deceleration in the US industrial economy. To pile too much more on top of automotive at this point would be overkill but we do expect weakness to continue in the traditional North American consumer durable space in 2007.  Moving down the chart, Asia, where we are intensely focused, there could be a continued headwind from the slower growing developed Asia countries. This outcome is largely within our control and we're working to improve execution but 2007 may look a lot like 2006. As you can see from our Q4 results, we experienced slower growth in our integrated architecture platform as we exited 2006. The goal of continuing to compound an ever larger revenue base at a 20% rate is a stretch assignment for our sales, solutions and marketing organizations worldwide, but an achievable one we think. Still, we're entering 2007 with a somewhat slower momentum in integrated architecture growth and that can be a headwind. You go to the lower left which are earnings headwinds starting with inflation, we'll still face cost inflation and for planning purposes, we didn't assume the same kind of price pass-through that we got in the last year or so. Moving down the chart, we have not approved any significant incremental growth investments since mid 2006, but we will face the full-year run rate from the investments we approved during the first half of 2006. Right now we're focused on getting the maximum payback from last year's investments rather than making any new ones. Before all theses headwinds start to seem like wind shear or something, let me spend a minute on the right hand side of the slide on tailwinds.  First on the upper right, revenue. On the plus side, as we mentioned earlier, we believe revenue growth can continue at healthy rates in Europe and we're working hard to keep the momentum going there. We also expect to see the top line benefit from our initiatives, the ones that we talked about to expand our market presence, such as batch hybrid, integrated motion, safety, our focus on the global machine builder channel and others. Differentiated technology, deep domain expertise are the true drivers of our growth and we think that's what makes the business model such a strong one. Of course, we've invested heavily also over the past several years to build a market presence, build and improve our market presence and develop channel partners in emerging markets, Asia, Latin America, central and eastern Europe. As you saw in the quarter, these should help us to drive organic growth and raise the average going forward.  Looking at the lower right, earnings tailwinds, earnings will continue to benefit from the numerous cost productivity initiatives we've launched across the enterprise. As I said earlier, we're quickening and intensifying cost productivity and we’ve brought on board some of the best people in manufacturing in six Sigma and we've never had more energy and expertise applied as broadly in this area. As we've described in the past, 2007 will also benefit from lower pension and retiree medical expense. This is due to both the lower discount rate which we set last June, which we use to calculate future obligation and a little bit from a full-year effect of having a fully funded plan.  Volume leverage: our business model is capable of generating solid conversion margins on incremental sales as you can see in a quarter like this one. The planned volume growth in 2007 combined with our strong productivity focus should mean solid operating leverage in 2007. Lastly, EPS will benefit from a lower share count. As I mentioned, we had about a 4% reduction in average shares outstanding this quarter YoverY.  That brings me to my last slide, 2007 summary guidance. Before I go into the details, let me explain why we're calling it preliminary guidance. It's based on the company as it exists today, that is, as though we owned the Power Systems for the whole year. And why assume that? We are feeling comfortable with the deal time line, but there are still many unknowns surrounding the Power Systems divestiture, including timing of the transaction, the after-tax proceeds, the use of cash, but you should assume the share repurchase is the default mode, and we don't know the timing of share repurchases or, obviously, the weighted average price so we don't know the level of pro forma dilution from the divestiture with any exactness.  We also don't like making diluted divestitures so we're working on plans to mitigate dilution but we're not in a position to say much about that today. In short, we will know a lot more in 90 days. When we come back to report first quarter earnings in 90 days, we'll have a lot more data on all the things I mentioned and can refine our guidance at that time. So having said all of that, our full-year organic revenue growth is forecast at 7 to 8% and we expect that both Control Systems and Power Systems will be in this range. Now this comes after three years of double-digit organic revenue growth, but for 2007 we are expecting growth rates more in line with our long-term averages. 7-8% would be the net impact of our heavy focus on growth across regions, products, verticals, channels, balanced against slower US and Canada growth rates and due to the tough conditions in our traditional consumer durable space. Moving down the chart, we expect conversion margin to be in our targeted 30-40% range. Taken together, with ongoing share repurchase, these should produce diluted EPS between $3.70 and $3.90 in 2007. You can probably compare these with the 2006 diluted EPS, excluding the Q4 investment gain and tax gain, which comes in around $3.35 a share. So using $3.35 as a base, $3.70 to $3.90 earnings per share would mean about 10-15% EPS growth in 2007. In terms of free cash flow, 2007 should be about equal to net income. Finally, we expect to sustain our high return on invested capital in 2007 and beyond. I know this been a lot of data so let me conclude. I'd like to summarize by saying that a combination of solid organic growth, relentless productivity, strong cash flow should make for another good year in 2007. As a management team we're very focused on execution and, of course, on maximizing shareowner value. Thanks for your patience and now we'd be happy to answer any questions you might have.
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Q - Bob Cornell – Lehman Brothers: I guess the first thing I would wonder is how this quarter would differ from what you anticipated when you reported the July quarter? I mean at that point you expected the automotive business to be down 50%, the contribution margin to be 25%, so forth and so on. What really was different in this quarter relative to that expectation?
A - Keith Nosbusch : I think two things. First was that we were not surprised by the overall level of growth in the quarter but we were pleasantly surprised with the very strong results in Europe. Unfortunately, those were offset by an even more dramatic correction in our traditional automotive installed base than we predicted. So I guess I would say that the Detroit phenomenon migrated from not just the Detroit-based OEMs, but to also the supply chain and the broader automotive supply chain in the Great Lakes states, as well as Canada. And so I would say that was weaker than we had thought when we talked about it. We thought it would be pretty similar QoverQ and in fact it wasn't. And then finally, I would say we were also very pleased with the drive in productivity that we were able to accomplish. I would say that the last time we talked in quarter three, quite candidly, we probably felt a little more victimized by the activities in the automotive segment. I think the management team really put their heads down and worked very aggressively at driving productivity, doing that in the SG&A lines as well as the cost of goods sold and really ended up with a much more positive contribution and participation from productivity than we had in Q3 and were able to offset even a weaker revenue line in some very rich margin mix businesses with that productivity. So I would say positive Europe, positive productivity, more negative automotive market and the supply chain around the automotive segment. So that would be how I would characterize it, Bob.
Q - Bob Cornell – Lehman Brothers: That does flush it out. One other thought, though, I mean you mentioned the momentum in the integrated architecture platform. Could you give us some more color on what you see going on there? Is it macro economic? Is its industry specific? Geographic? Big, small projects? I mean what's causing that comment about the momentum in the IA platform?
A - Keith Nosbusch : I think the biggest comment would be simply a very hard comparison. If you remember last year in Q4, we had very, very strong Logix growth, as well as basically zero degradation in the PLC business so it was a very, very tough quarter. The positive aspect was we still saw 2 to 3% sequential growth in the Logix platform. So I would say the tough quarter comparison in addition to the need to drive a little hardener the mid range part of that product portfolio on a global basis, and that's an area that we're very focused in and certainly the impact of the auto projects took a little steam out of a traditional strong contributor. So those are a little more of the pieces of that, Bob.
Q - Bob Cornell – Lehman Brothers: Could you just explain what that means in terms of order rates and book to bill? Earlier this year you talked about your salespeople were just thrilled about the business and activity level in the channel. Are they just as thrilled or are they taking some time off?
A - Keith Nosbusch : Well, I think everyone is just as thrilled on the product portfolio and, in fact, probably more excited with the capabilities that we have now in the batch, hybrid space, the introduction of integrated safety and the ability to have another price point in the mid range products. So I don't think it's the enthusiasm for the portfolio.
A – James Gelly: Let me try and add to that. You asked about book to bill, Bob. I think in the case of a Logix project, you should think about this is something that in some cases takes three months, five months, as much as 11 or 12 months to get from the beginning of the engineering study to the actual order of shipment and so the book to bill is basically a hard concept to apply to the Logix business. But it's fair to say that you had a downdraft in big projects, certainly, to Keith's point in the traditional wheelhouse in the Great Lakes area and offsetting that is smaller projects, both globally and in other places and, in particular, going in the compact Logix front which is at a, call it a more higher volume, lower price point type of project. So it's, I would call we're in the midst of the adjustment process but hopefully that's helpful.
A - Keith Nosbusch : Bob, I guess the only other comment I'd make on that would be during the year, we've added a number of sales resources specifically focused on the architecture. Those take a little bit of time to come up to speed and contribute and I would say we're in the early stages of some of those. We're getting the benefits of what we did a year ago in Europe. We probably still have more of an opportunity to get that benefit in Asia going forward than we've seen to date. So it's back to what James talked about which is the ability of the timing of the investment and getting the benefit of that investment in a short period when a lot of the work is around projects as well as the training and getting the productivity up to speed of those new hires.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research.
Q - Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : Just a clarification to start with. Last quarter I recall James took us through a little bit of a tax walk and I thought that we were supposed to have a relatively high reported tax rate in the 37 or 38% range. So what happened there beyond this $14 million of tax gain?
A – James Gelly: That's a good question, Mark. If you look just at the Q4 mix of revenue, which as you can see is up 3 or 4% U.S. and is up on average for the non-U.S. part of the company 10%, and you add that to a lot of the work that's going on to move a lot of our businesses to more global structures, we've basically reached sort of a tipping point and the originally anticipated effective tax rate for 2006, which you correctly mention a high rate in Q4, that was in order to reach something that originally was in the 33% effective tax rate for 2006. And as you can see, what we're telling you is that the effective tax rate for 2006 ultimately came in closer to 31 and is almost entirely driven by the rising proportion of non-U.S. taxable income. So it's, I would say, we've been battling to some degree a structure and revenue base in the Company which is very U.S. taxable centric. People have been working for several years now to change that stance. And with some of the success of growth initiatives and some of the faster growth outside the United States than inside the United States, we have driven the kind of blended average tax rate down and you're seeing that coming to fruition in the form of this Q4 rate and the rate for the year.
Q - Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : Thank you for clarifying that. The question I've got is with regard to the automotive and related supply chain outlook because it seems like a quarter ago I got the impression your expectations for Q4 was similar kind of shortfall from the third quarter but it looks like it's two or three-fold the degree of decline and so embedded in your 2007 outlook, what is the sort of the new understanding or new expectations from automotive? What kind of headwind is the absence of that expected to provide? Because I think a quarter ago we were kind of brushing that aside that it'd all be concluded by the end of this quarter but it seems much more severe.
A – James Gelly: I think the range of outcomes as we look at automotive in 2007, you know, it's kind of a knock-off another point or two, as we point out, it was as heavy as three in Control Systems and three in the United States. I don't think it'll be that bad in 2007 but it probably is a point or two of the average for that reporting segment and region.
Q - Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research : Okay. That's for the full-year and I presume a similar kind of incremental margin on that shortfall?
A – James Gelly: It certainly as I said before, it's of declining importance but it's not turning into a positive that we can see over the planning horizon. So it's getting smaller and smaller but yes, it's got pretty good mix.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities. 
Q - John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: A question, it looks like if we run out Detroit, just to clean that up through 2007 given the declines, it would look like Detroit's going to be something like less than 2% of sales in 2007, less than the second half, maybe a little bit closer to 2% in the first half. I was wondering if we could maybe focus on some other end markets that are bigger percentages of your revenue and maybe what kind of growth rate you saw in some of those other end markets this quarter?
A - Keith Nosbusch : Sure. If we look at the quarter four, we had very strong growth in oil and gas, semiconductors, mining aggregates and cement and the life sciences. Those were all around 20% growth. If we look at the full-year, oil and gas, mining, aggregate and cement, water, wastewater and semiconductor were all above the Company average, well above the Company average. Food, beverage, the home health and beauty and the life sciences grew in the mid to high single-digit range and automotive was about flat. So some good performance across a number of the vertical industries that we are focused on.
Q - John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: James, you mentioned in the headwinds on slide 10, investment spending effects of 2006 growth. Is there a way to give us a sense of just magnitude year-over-year, 2007 over 2006, sort of maybe the dollar or maybe earnings delta that you're talking about?
A – James Gelly: I guess I would say the full-year impact of the increment, that is the run rate for the full-year, is probably I'm going to say it's not a point of revenue. You know, it's probably in the half to a point of overall revenue there.
Q - John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. So versus 2006 over 2005 it's a lot less?
A – James Gelly: Yes.
Q - John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. And then just to finish one last on your assumptions in the guidance with respect to pension, can you give us sort of a high altitude delta what you think that that's going to be versus 2006?
A – James Gelly: You know, we probably have a $40 million improvement in pretax related to the whole company look at pensions, just from the lower discount rate and the fully funded plan.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley.
Q - Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I just want to clarify guidance a little bit. If we look at the $3.70 to $3.90, not to be nitpicky here but you commented that that included Power Systems revenues and profit for full 2007. Did I hear that correctly?
A – James Gelly: Yes, you did.
Q - Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Explicit if it's somewhat dilutive to sell Power Systems, I guess it depends where your stock price is certainly, that guidance would be adjusted appropriately afterwards?
A – James Gelly: Let me try and go through that again because you're right, it is fair to say that the points that we're trying to make is I don't know the hour in which the transaction will close. So I don't have the exact timing. I don't know the proceeds within any tolerance that I'd like to talk about on this call. I don't know the timing of the share repurchase. I don't know the price at which I repurchase the stock and as I said before, we don't like making diluted divestitures so what we'd like to do is take 90 days to figure out how to minimize the amount of dilution that's obviously got a component to it which involves figuring out what the right level of SG&A and other things are. So that's a lot of variables and what we're sort of saying is for now, you could leave it in the guidance and assume that in 90 days we'll get back and be a lot smarter on all those variables and including what I can do to mitigate the dilution. 
Q - Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I understand. And maybe Keith, not a fair question necessarily, but when you just talked about the strength in the verticals, a lot of those key verticals, particularly things like oil and gas are businesses that's are primarily for the Power Systems business. When you think about excluding Power Systems and excluding those businesses, clearly you're comfortable with the 7 to 8% outlook that you've laid out for Control Systems but maybe you can talk specifically about which of those verticals you see as key drivers.
A - Keith Nosbusch : Sure, sure. For fiscal year 2007 I'm assuming you mean.
Q - Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Yes, forward-looking.
A - Keith Nosbusch : First, just to make sure we all have the same perspective, 40% of Control Systems serves the power centric industries that we talk about so it is not a Power Systems only story and it's a very important part, which is one of the reasons we talked a lot to the community about intelligent motor control and our capabilities in that area and how we linked that to the integrated architecture and asset management and the whole support of the plant floor environment. So we have a very strong power centric portion in the Control Systems business. It's not 100% like in Power, but it's a very important part of our business and we had some great growth across those businesses this past year. If we look going forward, certainly we believe that we will continue to see good strength in the oil and gas area, the mining aggregates and cement. These are areas that continue to generate good growth because of the ongoing expansion and investment, because of the resource pricing that's going on as well, as James mentioned earlier, the lack of investment over an extended period of time and, also, just the fact of the cost of energy and that we have a large portion of our business in our power centric area that actually helps customers save energy, reduce energy costs and can mitigate the ongoing increases in energy costs as an input to their manufacturing processes. So we see a lot of opportunity to continue to drive productivity and cost reduction for our customers, somewhat, not totally, but somewhat independent of just their investment in expansion. So we see that as an ongoing viable revenue stream for us into 2007.
Q - Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Keith, I haven't heard you speak in quite some time about some of the key hybrid markets like food and pharma. Can you talk about the health of those markets?
A - Keith Nosbusch : Yes. Actually, we're having a very good year in the pharmaceutical life sciences area. We had a weaker 2005 and we talked about growth in 2006 and in fact we saw a lot of growth on a global basis. There was a lot of multi-plant rollout of our information platform, the MES platform, that came to us from the Propack Data acquisition and we've strengthened our position at a number of customers in that space. Food continues to be steady growth. As we have said, food by itself is our largest vertical industry. It doesn't have dramatic swings either way, which is why we like it, quite frankly, because it is a steady growth performer. We expect that to continue and now that we have introduced the mid range product, the compact Logix product, we think that has a great bit for some of the smaller machines and mid-sized equipment in the OEM community and at the end user. So we're looking for a good contribution of expansion in our mid range product, particularly at the OEMs, in the consumer facing industries that we focus on. So in 2006, we also launched the home health and beauty vertical, which is an important extension of our consumer products portfolio and we'll get a little more punch out of that going into 2007 and that's the areas that are focused some of our larger global accounts. They're doing the things, the diapers and paper products that are used across a wide continuum of applications and end user needs, so, customer needs, I should say. So that's an area that we put a little additional investment in and look for good returns there as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch - Merrill Lynch. 
Q - John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you and thanks for taking my call. I guess first question, James, what kind of profit conversion rate should we be thinking about for Control Systems and Power Systems? Are they both going to fall within the 30 to 40? How should we think about that?
A – James Gelly: You know, I would say probably they both, as you have seen over the last year or two, they both have fallen in that range, sometimes above, sometimes a little below. But when we get a strong architecture growth and the mix is in that direction, then clearly there's upward pressure and you can get to the top of the conversion range. If you have all our architecture all the time you get above the top of the 30 to 40% conversion. I would say Power Systems, you know, given the kind of businesses they're in, they're very well managed with great productivity and are probably in the quarter like this they came in very strong. The other thing I would say is if you look at Control Systems to the extent that there's a mix of solutions businesses, you know, services, it doesn't have much of an investment base, in fact, there's no investment base except for a little receivables, and there they probably come in at the low end but not below the low end of the range. 
Q - John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So basically it sounds like you're saying all else equal, Power Systems convert at a slightly higher rate than Control Systems, again, within the 30 to 40% is part of your thinking?
A – James Gelly: I kind of would have said that other way around. In other words, other things being equal, I think Control Systems has the kind of businesses which, when you have the average mix, you can get to the top end of the range at Control Systems pretty handily and I think Power Systems does well to be in the range and probably over time is able to be in the range but probably not as high as Control Systems.
Q - John Inch - Merrill Lynch: And then just my follow-up. So it sounds like we're looking at a, what, about a $0.15 pension tailwind from 2006 to 2007, roughly speaking?
A – James Gelly:
Q - John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So when we sell Power Systems, I mean, there's going to be some pension contribution as part of that $0.15 that goes with that. Is that a fair way to look at it or, you know, do somehow you retain the pension assets?
A – James Gelly: First of all, we're in the midst of a negotiation, but let's just say it would be a decent assumption for you to assume that I keep every asset and I own all of the prior year benefits that have already been earned and accrued. So the only thing you have going forward from a post divestiture standpoint is whatever the interest cost on the prior Power Systems benefit already earned and that would be it and that would be matched against the asset base that I have retained. So basically I don't think so. I think I keep the amount that you're talking about.
Q - John Inch - Merrill Lynch: The whole $0.15?
A – James Gelly: Pretty much. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague - Citigroup. 
Q - Jeff Sprague – Citigroup: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I guess just picking up on that pension question first before I go to my main question, if I've got 15 or $0.16 of pension, kind of my adjusted base for 2006 is $3.50 so I'm looking at 8% earnings growth in the midpoint of your range in 2007 which is kind of equal to your revenue growth target, so there's apparently no operating leverage there so I'm just wondering what else I might be missing in that equation.
A – James Gelly: Well, yes, you would have heard earlier that we talked a little bit about the full-year impact of growth investments that come through, that is, no new ones have been approved but you get the full-year benefit of the growth investments that were already approved. But no, I think it's fair to say that the basis of the guidance here is kind of conservatism on price cost, conservatism on volume, some decent productivity and the full-year effect of previously approved kind of reinvestment and then, clearly, we're trying to highlight, give us some time, maybe 90 days is too much to ask. But give us a little time to see if we can improve both the rate of productivity, some of the cost structure stuff we've been talking about and do a little better than is shown here but based on what we see today and looking at the fourth quarter, this is kind of the October guidance. 
Q - Jeff Sprague – Citigroup: I mean, my opinion it sounds like post deal we're still at $3.70 to $3.90 but we'll give you the 90 days on that.
A – James Gelly: Thank you, Jeff.
Q - Jeff Sprague – Citigroup: I was just wondering on the incremental margins, Keith or James, are they materially different geographically? Any notable effect with the strength in Europe and/or Asia positive or negative to the incrementals?
A – James Gelly: No, you know, Jeff, these are global. Basically the premise of the Company is a global technology platform so Logix doesn't know when it leaves the factory whether it's going to Europe or Asia. And our customers can pretty well much pick us off now if there were wide differentials. So all that leaves rather than individual product average selling price is mix and what you find is we have a little more architecture centric mix of business outside the United States, so all in all, you know, except for mix, there's no real difference from a geographic standpoint and the SG&A as a percentage of revenue is getting a lot of attention. So gross is pretty high and SG&A can be managed and still drive growth and have a nice result, which is fairly uniform. We have a little more cost in the United States to support the R&D and kind of development some of the corporate overhead and whatnot, which makes the U.S. profitability a little lower than the total but not so much that it really tilts your model.
Q - Jeff Sprague – Citigroup: And then I was wondering, Keith, at EPG you were pretty bullish on Asia in the second half. The performance in the quarter, is that more reflective of old Asia being tougher or you just haven't gotten the sales traction with the new people in new Asia that you hoped for?
A - Keith Nosbusch : I think it's a combination, Jeff. We certainly, old Asia, mature Asia, pulled down all the growth that we had in the developing Asia. Having said that, though, given the opportunity and our market share in developing Asia, we believe we can grow faster than we currently are and part of that does boil down to the fact that it's taken us time to ramp-up new salespeople. I'll take that one as an execution issue. But the reality is you have to find people. You have to train them. That's not always the easiest thing to do. You can't always find a ready to go person. That's been a little easier for us in Europe, quite frankly. We're having to do a lot of the training of our people and so the cycle time to get a new hire up to a full contributing at the productivity level that we want and that we expect in the region is taking a little longer than it does in other parts of the world. So a little slowness in the ramp-up, but also still a great opportunity and we think we can grow a little faster, even without that delay in the ramp-up. 
Q - Jeff Sprague – Citigroup: Thanks. And maybe ask just one quick one for James. James, if we kind of normalize to a 31% tax rate why would we go back up towards 32? You said go forward no higher than 32. Shouldn't we be drifting down further?
A – James Gelly:
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Steve Tusa – JP Morgan.
Q - Steve Tusa – JP Morgan : I just wanted to maybe just break out your total auto exposure and then you've mentioned what Detroit is but then what's kind of the peripheral revenue base with regards to suppliers, just kind of break that down I guess in total auto and then international U.S. and then Detroit, if you could at this stage of the game. 
A - Tim Oliver: Steve, this is Tim. Think of transportation being about $550 million in aggregate, about 100 of that is non-auto, so think 450 auto globally, think about $100 million of that 450 being not U.S. leaving you $350 million in the U.S., about half of which is big three direct and the other half is supply chain.
Q - Steve Tusa – JP Morgan : Okay. And that's the total that you're talking about had such an impact on the three percentage points of growth and that kind of thing.
A - Tim Oliver: It’s very hard for us to get specifics on the half that's the supply chain. It's much easier when it's direct to the big three. It's very easy when it's one office in Detroit. We have very good data on a particular office in a particular region and we can attribute most of that to one industry. The rest, we have to extrapolate a little bit to the pain that's spread across the Great Lakes region.
Q - Steve Tusa – JP Morgan : Okay. Do you still think you're on track for, you know, as Logix comes up against tougher comps and gets bigger, do you still think you're on track for your 2009 target there in the revenue base?
A - Keith Nosbusch : Yes, yes, we're still targeting that in that timeframe. We expect to cross the billion dollar mark and little continued growth rates at little over 20% gets us there a little after 2009.
Q - Steve Tusa – JP Morgan : Last question – I was just wondering if I do a little bit of math on the midpoint of your range with the 7.5% growth at a 35% incremental margin and that's reported operating profit, correct? That 30 to 40% incremental? 
A – James Gelly: Yes, segment profit.
Q - Steve Tusa – JP Morgan : I'm getting about $0.55 of benefit which gets me to about $3.90. Are there any significant, you know, you don't have to even give numbers but directionally significant moving parts below the operating profit line that are going to change? I know interest was a little bit higher this quarter. You know, how should we think about those other accounts kind of below the operating line for 2007 directionally?
A – James Gelly: I think you hit the main below the line item which is somewhat higher interest and no, there isn't another big thing moving around beneath the waves that take away from your analysis.
Q - Steve Tusa – JP Morgan : Sorry, One last one. I'm going to slip one in here. What are you guys, outside of auto now, what keeps you up at night? What are you most worried about when you see the end market, the macro environment for 2007, I guess, this cycle, just kind of your commentary on where are we in the cycle?
A - Keith Nosbusch : Well, where we think we are in the cycle is we've kind of paraphrased this in innings before and we think we're into the sixth inning which is really we're, after three plus years of growth, we certainly believe we're at the point where we're seeing decelerated growth but still growth and now I'm speaking mainly of the U.S. So we're in the period of time where we're going to see growth. It's going to slow some. But still, still growth and opportunities for us to grow share and as we talked about we're expanding our served markets so we continue to see gains walked around the country. The west and the south we're doing very well many and the Great Lakes region is the drag at the moment. But certainly we don't see a large change in what our outlook is, other than the automotive industry, and one measure that we look at is the financial health of companies and I don't think there has been more cash on their balance sheets than at any time. So we're still seeing a reluctance to spend so it's still very measured investment, but we're seeing continued investments so with the help of the companies, with the cash position, we expect that capital expenditures in 2007 will continue to be positive and generate the growth opportunities that we're talking about for 7 to 8%. So overall in the U.S., we still see a generally strong economy and with a big impact in the automotive sector and the supply chain that supports it. But other than that, we don't see much change from where we're currently at.
Tim Oliver: That ends our call. Thanks for your help and thanks all for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. At this time you may now disconnect. Thank you.
